    （10m購入）HDMI分配器を経由すると、ディスプレイに接続できませんでした。接続しようとすると分配器の接続ランプが高速で点滅することから、ケーブルの長
すぎによるパワー不足（か、不良品）だと思われます。分配器を使用したい場合は、パワーサプライができる分配器が必要です。ちなみにディスプレイに直差しだと問題なく使用
できます。
    YouTubeをパソコンからテレビで観るために買いましたが、ノイズが酷く検索画面の白い部分がピンク色になってしまいます。近所の某大手電機店の３ｍ
2,000円で買ったものと付け替えましたところノイズは全く出ません。長さの割に安いですが、使い物になりませんでした。
    自宅兼事務所でWindows10機RX580グラフィックボードからBenQ製モニターに出力する為に購入しました。設置数時間は映像も音声も問題なく出力して
いましたが、突然信号が途絶えブラックアウトし以後PC、モニタなど再起動しても一切出力しなくなりました。PC側の問題を疑い別途用意したケーブルでテストした所同様の
問題は発生せず、このケーブルに問題有と判断します。突然ブラックアウトする様なケーブルを使うわけにはいかず、当然他人にも勧められるものではありません。安さに釣られ
て購入すると痛い目に遭いますよ。設置する時間とお金を無駄にしました。
    購入してすぐに「レビューをお願いします」というメールが届きましたが疑って正解でした。購入してノートPCとTVとの接続に使用し特に問題なく使えたのでコスパ
がいいなあとは思いましたが、今週初め、購入してから半年直前になって信号が届かなくなり、もしやと別のケーブルに替えたところ問題なく映りました。この製品の問題です。
やはり耐久性は値段相応、というところでしょうか。これではオススメできません。
    配線を完了して、映像を写そうとしましたが映らず、色々と機器側の設定を試したりしてみましたが、別ケーブルでテストしたところ問題なく動作したため、このケーブ
ルの初期不良だということが分かりました。長めのケーブルで配線も手間取った上で、初期不良でしたので作業もやり直しとなり大きく時間を奪われる形になってしまいました。
その点とは別に素材の所感を記載しておきます。ケーブルのシールド部分の素材が硬いゴワゴワした繊維質のもので敗戦が非常に大変な印象です。硬いので折れてしまわないかと
いう懸念もありました。Amazon製など安心できるものを最初から買っておけば良かったと後悔しました。
    機能は全く問題ありません、しっかりと作られている印象ただ、少し硬いので、ねじれたりすると使いにくい。
    これまで使用していたものの長さが足りず、３ｍの物を購入しました。交換しましたが全く認識してくれず、使い物になりませんでした。従来品に戻すと問題なく使用で
きるので、やはりこのケーブルに問題があると思います。値段に惹かれて注文しましたが、やはりそれ相応のお金は出した方が良いということです。
    まず、このレビューは私が実際に使ってのレビューであり、さくらレビューではありませんことをお約束します。私が購入したものは機能的に何も問題なく使用していま
す。ケーブルの堅さが問題になっているようですが、巻き癖もつかず、折れ曲がりもしないので内部の線材断線に関してはかえって安全かもしれません。端子によっては接続する
ときにこの曲がりにくい堅さが邪魔になるかもしれません。柔らかいオーディオケーブルを想像して購入されたらとても固く感じることと思います。ある程度堅さを覚悟して買わ
れた方がいいとおもいます。私個人的には大丈夫でした。外装被覆は派手ですが、存在が目立つことで引っかけたりせず悪くはありません。
    全体的に作りは良く、コネクター部分もしっかりしています。当方の環境で４KもOKです。しかし、ケーブルの編み込みが固く取り回しに苦労しました。
    この商品は初期不良が多いのか分かりませんが、届いた商品は映像が映りませんでした。手持ちのケーブルでは映っているので、間違いなくケーブルの問題です。大事な
人の結婚式で使いたかったのですが、前日のテストで使用できないことがわかり、、非常に残念です。こちらの商品を買う方は、初期不良なのか、元々の品質不良なのか知りませ
んけど、使えないことを前提に購入してください。返品して交換する時間がある方は買えばいいと思います。
    パソコンからプロジェクターへの距離があるため3mのものを購入しました。当たり前かもしれませんが、まったく問題なく使えております。この商品は、かない長いモ
ノまで揃えているので、いろいろな状況で使えてよいと思います。レビューではノイズが乗る場合があると書かれていますので、ノイズ対策処理は不明ですが、私の場合は問題あ
りませんでした。
    機種との相性もあるようで、パナ製デッキでの使用は問題なかったのですが、レグザ製デッキに使用しますと、ノイズが頻発し見れたもんじゃなかった…　他社製のもう
少し高額なケーブルを再購入しましたが,そのケーブルでは全くノイズ出ずでした。
    最初は　ちゃんと映るんですが　1，2分すると映らなくなります。天井裏を配線してから　映らなくなるのは　たいへんでした。どうせなら最初から映らない方が良か
ったです。こういうものは　最初に時間をかけて　テストをしたほうがいいですね。
    使ってみたところ、特段品質が良い訳でも悪い訳でもありません。ごくごく普通の性能のケーブルです。値段は安いので良いと思います。5mを購入しましたが、出力機
器によっては直刺しでも信号が減弱して時々ブラックアウトしたりします。長さが必要でしたら、リピーターなどを間にはさんで使われるとよいかと思います。
    ケーブルの外装はとてもしっかりしています。むしろ硬すぎるので取り回し時にPC側のコネクタ根元に曲げのテンションがかかるのが心配です。レノボ製ノートPCと
LG製モニタの接続に使いましたが、PCの電源を切ると、モニタに「No Signal　信号ケーブルの接続を確認してください」のメッセージが出てモニタの電源が切れて
しまい、PCの電源を入れてもモニタは起動しません。これまで使っていたケーブルでは、PCの電源を切るとしばらくすると「節電モード」に入ってPCの電源を入れるとモニ
タも起動します。機能的に何が違うのかはわかりませんが、いちいちモニタの電源を入れなければならず面倒くさくなったことに違いはありません。
    ゲーム用に購入しましたが、１～３分に１、２回ほど映像が途切れる不良品でした。高評価のレビューが多いですが、大半が怪しい日本語の業者レビューなので当てにな
らないでしょう。価格相応で当たり外れがあると思いますが残念です。もう少し良い商品に買い替えます。
    機能は問題なしだが接続するときは器具に上下があるのでコードが太いためねじれてるとスムーズに入らない。毎回のことなので気に入らない。
    ケーブルが硬くて融通が利かないのが難点です。固定した場所に引き回すならまだましかも知れませんが、ノートPCなどの持ち運ぶものにケーブルを接続しようとする
と、コネクタの向きが強制されるほどケーブルが硬いため、とても接続しにくく不便を感じました。
    PCからTVモニタへ接続する用途で購入しましたが映りませんでした。他のケーブルでは問題なく映りますので、このケーブルの問題かと思われます。PCで普段使っ
ているモニター(DELL)への接続はできましたが、画質がぱっと見でわかるほど粗くなってしまったため、もともとつかっていたケーブルに戻しました。また、ノートPCか
らこのケーブルで普段使いのモニターにつなげてみたところ、映りませんでした。かなり使い道は限られるものと思われます。
    ５ｍを購入しましたが、ナイロン被覆の編線が固いです。逆に雑に扱うことができず丸めて片付けられますので良いとしましょう。空中で配線すると配線が固い分コネク
タにストレスが加わるかもしれません。価格が安いので購入しました。
    余裕を持って購入したは良いが… 10mなら微妙に届かず、15m購入したは良いがかなりあまってしまった…
。10m+コネクタ+1.5mでもよかったような気がしますが。
    このケーブルに変えてから、安定していたシステムでブルースクリーン多発。そして以前使ってたケーブルに戻すと症状が収まる･･･不良品ですね。
    最近多忙になった配信用として使ってます。10ｍ物ですが、安心して使えると感じております。細く軽量で満足ですが、ケーブル自体が固く、ねじれに対応できない印
象ですが、次回も購入したいと存じます。
    モバイルPCに耐えられず購入。Googleのクロームキャストは在宅ワーク特需で品切れでした。有線ですが画面の大きさも調整でき、勤務中のストレスがかなり軽
減されました。
    価格で決めた。耐久性は、そうそう着けたり外したりするものではないので、見た目で、頑丈そうです、装着もしっかりしています。画質は、気にしていない、家のテレ
ビは何世代か古い液晶で、一応、SONYでHDMI端子が、4っ付いてたので、デスクトップPCとの接続に決めただけです、普通に映り、チラつきもないです。この価格なら
、損はないと思います。
    安いので購入さして頂きましたが、何回差し込んでも接続ができませんでした！残念です。
    モニターと機器を5ⅿ離したいので購入。値段で選んだけど性能的に問題ないです。ケーブルは堅いけど癖が付きにくいので使い易いです。
任天堂SwitchとTVをつなげるゲーム用にしています。特に問題なくゲームを楽しめでいますケーブルは硬めで好みがありますが自分は丈夫そうで安心感があると思います
    細めのケーブルを探して購入してみました。各映像機器とセレクターを繋ぐため。細さの評価は市販の電気屋さんで取り扱っているもの（約6mm）に比べてやや細いか
なと。直径は約5~6mmかな。もう少し細いやつがほしかったのと、耐久性に期待を込めてこの評価としました。
    手触りプラスチックで硬いです。それ以外はとくに問題なく使えています。デスクトップパソコンからＨＤＭＩ分配機で２つに分けて10メートルの距離で使ってます。
    通信は安定していますが、コードの色は写真では分からなかったが黒と赤茶色の縞模様。それに硬くて曲がりにくいので設置場所によっては不便な事も。価格的に見れば
総合的に「やや良いの評価」です。
    家電量販店で購入するとまだまだHDMIケーブルは高いのでいつもAmazonで購入してます。仕事でPCのディスプレイケーブルが届かない（3way）ので3m
のやつを購入。普通に問題なく使用してます。
    長い距離のHDMIケーブルを探し、値段安いので大丈夫かと不安でしたが、普通に映り問題ないです。また線も細くて作業しやすかったです。
    安いので購入しましたが、PCとテレビを繋ぎましたが　音声が出ない、画像が数秒おきに途切れる、全く使用に耐えません　やはり安物はだめですね。
    プライムビデオをテレビに映すのに使用しています。ケーブルがやや硬い印象で、フレキシブルさには欠けますが、接続は簡単で重宝しています。
    コードが太く曲げにくさ真理NOTE　PCからTVモニターに接続がしにくいため、他のHDMIケーブルを購入使用している。無駄な投資であった。
    一時的に２か所でモニターする必要があるため延長ケーブル購入、画質も変わらず満足しています。
    パソコンとプロジェクターを繋ぐのにつかっています太目のケーブルで存在感あるのが、プロジェクター使用中の暗い中でも見えるので助かります。
    スイッチャーATEM Mini Proにビデオカメラを繋ぐために10mのHDMIケーブルを2本ほど購入したが、映ったり、映らなかったりと安定性に欠ける。
同価格帯の他メーカーの10mケーブルも同様なので、格安商品で10mは無理と思われる。なお、5m以内のケーブルだとそこそこ安定して映る。
    迅速な対応ありがとうございました。注文から納品までスムーズでした。商品及び梱包も問題ありません。思ったより早く届きました大変満足しております。　
    『頑丈』そのものです。耐久力はありそうです。柔軟性を求める人は止めたほうが良いですが耐久性を求める人には向いてるかも？
    この種のケーブル購入は初めてで、PCとテレビ接続しユーチューブを見せるのに、私は５ｍのものを使用しています。現在のところ異常無く使用中です。
    PCに差しましたが反応せず、廃棄となりましたケーブルは太くて良さそうだったのに残念です
    編み目がしっかりした非常に丈夫なケーブルです。丈夫で束ねるなど鋭角には曲げれない剤質のケーブルなので購入は注意された方が良いです。（普通のHDMIケーブ
ルも大体は鋭角的に曲がりませんが、これは特に）
    ここで購入は2本目、1本目は問題なく使用できたが追加で購入して、ストックしておいて、いざ、使用しようとすると使用できず。1本目は普通に使えたのに、当たり
外れがある様なのでご注意を＊初期不良、動作せず返品期限過ぎての開封だったので返品交渉はせず、レビュー投稿のみ
    初期動作を確認したのみですが、問題はなにも感じませんでした。少し使用したのみの判定のため、耐久性は判定しません、
    不安定・・三本買って二本使えなかった。なんかスカスカ
    サラウンドスピーカーからプロジェクターへの配線に部屋の周り這わせる必要があったため購入。少し太めのケーブルだが、別に持っていた長距離ケーブルよりは細いた
め、取り回しは楽。問題なく映像も表示され満足。
    通常使っている分には問題なく使える。シビアな環境でテストするわけでもないので、特に問題ない。予想以上にケーブルが固い。悪い事ではないのだが、ノートパソコ
ンに指す時はケーブルよりも差し込み口に負担がかかるのではないか思うくらい。
    安いが、触感も見た目も蛇のようでキモい。実際に、蛇肌のような触感で、つなげるたびに触り心地が気持ち悪い。ビニールコーティングでもして触感をよくしてくれた
ら最高なのに。安さで触感を我慢する商品。商品としては全く問題ない。
    Nice Durable cable at reasonable price
    PCとテレビの接続に使用し、現状よかった。
    pcとディスプレイをつなぐために、購入。
    まだ機器に接続したばかりですが、価格的なものより、品物が良いので、この品を購入してよかったです長く使えそうです
    コードが大変丈夫のようで、同時に硬すぎて融通きかないところもあるかも。
    会議、集会などでパソコンとテレビ、プロジェクターを接続している。しなやかさはないが、頻繁に付け替えるので丈夫で縒れないところがいい。コードを踏まれても気
にする必要がないほど丈夫である。
    画質の良さや耐久性等はよくわかりませんが、値段が安かったので購入しました。
    しっかりとした製品で安心して使用することができています。
    ままいい
    特に特徴のないHDMIけーぶるです。ケーブルが固くてふといので取り回しは大変です。
    コードが柔らかければよいと思います。
    今までのと直ぐ交換するとたまに出るさらさら感が全く消え画質が見違える様になりました、後はこのまま抜かず手をださず‼
    これは失敗です…柔軟性が無さすぎです。問題なく使用出来ますが…
    3mコードは長いかなと思ったが、
    iPhone画像をTVで見るのに買いました。別途アダプターは必要ですがなんの問題も無く使えます。コードは固めで丈夫そうです。安いし早いし申し分ありません
。オススメしますよ。
    HDMIケーブルならどれでもいいと思い安いから購入しましたが、中々良い品物でした。強いて言えばケーブル自体が少し固すぎやしないかと思います。
    パソコンで見る、配信動画をテレビにつないで見てますが画面も大きくて画質も向上して満足してます。
    値段は安く、配線も頑丈そうでいいと思いますが、HDMI分配器に対応していませんでした。20Mになると向きがあるらしいので、一応両方にさして確認しましたが
、映らなく、他のHDMIで試したところ映ったので返品を行いたいと思います。
    パソコンからの映画鑑賞にTVに接続して毎日のように使っています。買って良かったと思います。お勧めです。
    ケーブルが固くて扱いにくい。
    値打ちに購入出来ました。
    ２本購入。卓上のパソコンには使えないがノートパソコンには使えました。ユーチュブなどパソコンからテレビへ綺麗に映り音響もよかったです。
    特に問題も無く使用出来ています。長さは2メートルを購入をしましたが取り回しを考えると3メントールにした方が良かったかなぁっと思います。
    家具移動に伴い長いものが必要になったので購入。画質や耐久性、安定性などは不明ですが、普通に使えてます。
    問題ありません。
    思っていたより固いですかね。
    監視カメラの分割機とモニター(テレビ)の接続に使いました。これで３本目です。線が細くて曲がりやすいのでコネクターに負担をかけずに配線ができます。5メート
ルとか10メートルといったもっと長いものがあるといいです。
    買ったのはいいが長すぎるのは置いといてHDMIハブが使えないのが痛いところ
    倍以上の値段のするメーカー品に負けていません。最初からこれを購入しておけばよかったと変な公開をしています。
    特に、問題もなく使用しています。
    職場で急遽必要になり購入しました。しかし、個人の領収はダメと言われたので、返品したのですが、見るからにとても良いものだと思います。
    特に問題ありません
    特に問題なし。
    気になったこと：ケーブルが硬い、収納袋に入らない。良い事：５.0ｍなのでP/Cが遠くてもOKで画質はGOODです。
    パソコンとテレビをつないでいます
    普通に使っています。
    コードの材質が少し硬いかな
    5mを買いました。問題なく使えたので、3mも追加購入しました。電気店より安く、迅速な対応でよかったです。
    HDMIのケーブルもシッカリしたケーブルで安心して使っています。
    分配するので購入しました。問題なく使用できました。
    価格には満足、耐久性は良いが少々重量が重い、画質も満足
    ＰＣとＴＶの接続だったんですが、ピッタリ！性能的にも全く問題ない！コスパは絶対良いと思いますよ！
    映像のみで音がでなかった各種設定も調べたが初期不良のようです
    15ｍを2本使用しております。レスポンスもよくコードが扱いやすいので助かります。
    ケーブルが硬いところがきん気になる。
    つかいやすいです
    ３Ｍのケーブルを購入したのですが、思っていたより硬すぎる。
    早急に３ｍの長さのケーブルが必要になりましたが、中一日で届きました。品質も問題なく助かりました。
    １　１０ｍで足りるのだが、使用者により場所が異なる。２　短いのを追加発注したのはミスだった。３　公民館などでは、１５ｍ位を求めるべきだった。
    特別問題ありませんでした。
    使用しているとヨリが出ない事、ケーブルが固いイメージがするが使い勝手はとても良い。
    なし
    もう少し細いケーブルであれば最高
    良かった。
    ケーブルの見た目もよく、丈夫そうで使用しやすかった。
    機能的には問題がアリナ線が　唯々コードが堅いので取り回しに苦労します
    good
    pc画面をTVスクリーンに。見たい動画をおおきながめんで快適
    丁度HDMIの配線がなくて購入できたので、良かったです！
    問題ないです
    とても、便利です
    線は耐久性重視の為か、少し固めです。商品の写真ではわかりづらかったですが、黒と赤の編み込みのケーブルが蛇を連想させてちょっと気持ち悪かったです。使う分に
は問題ないですが。
    満足しています、耐久性はまだ判断できないですが。今のところ購入して良かったところ思います。
    値段的に安いため満足しています。画質的に環境に影響しますので何とも言えませんが、当方は満足しています。
    すごくいい感じですカードも頑丈な感じがしますYouTubeで楽しめそうです
    充電中燃えて溶けた。流石中国製。
    PS4とディスプレイの接続に使用しました半年間は問題なく使えましたが、最近「ぷつっ　ぷつっ」とノイズが入るようになり頻繁に接続が切れるようになりました
    これなきゃ生きていけない
    テレビとパソコンを接続したけど映りませんでした。ケーブルを変えたら映ったのでテレビやパソコンが原因ではないです。最低。星マイナス5です。
一般的なHDMIケーブルだと思います。HullHDで使用していますが、特に画質や音に問題なく使えています。ただ思ったよりもケーブルが固い印象がありました。
    PCとプロジェクターをつないで映像が見られます
    PCとテレビを接続するために購入した。大満足です。
    柔らかいケーブルで大変使いやすい。
    ケーブル自体が固く曲がりにくいので片側だけでもL型（出来れば可動型）コネクタにしてもらえると良かったと思う。
    線が固いので曲がらりにくいので直線で使うようにすれば大丈夫です。
    Amazonのプライム・ビデオを見るのに、パソコンとテレビが離れていたため延長コードとして購入した。
    思っていたよりしっかり作られていた。コネクタ部は少しルーズに感じた。耐久性はこれから使っての判断
    デザインが良く耐久性がありそうなつくりです。コードが固いので取り回ししづらいです。自分の環境では問題なく使えてます。
    ケーブルは少し太いけど、画質はＯＫ
    想定通りのクオリティで、満足しています。　品質上の問題は現時点ではありません。
    デュアルディスプレイ用に購入しました。音も画質も問題なく、量販店で売っている高いものと比べてもまったく問題ありませんでした。
    まだ使い始めた所なので、耐久性は普通の☆にしました。今の所問題なく使えています。
    パソコンとテレビを繋ぐのに購入しました。
    被覆が折れ曲がりにくく汚れにくいところが好かった
    問題なく使用できました。
    長くても綺麗に音についても問題なく届けてくれます。
    ゲーム機との接続。問題なしで使えて、素晴らしい。
    Very Good
    ケーブルの色で一瞬引いたけど、なんの問題もなく大活躍してます。
    やや気に入った、外被が一寸不満
    とても良かったです
    良いと思います。
    macminiとテレビ接続用に購入しましたが、問題無く接続できました。安くて良い買い物でした。
    特に不具合等なく使えました
    太い割にノイズが乗りやすいので他のケーブルと合わせて束ねられない。
    カラーや素材的にもかなりいいですね。
    使い回しもよく、問題なく使えています。値段もお手頃で良かった。
    監視カメラの接続に使用。完璧に利用できたので、助かりました。
    糸巻きで保護されて、狭い所で取り回しても安心。逆に曲げたい時には難しいかも。
    でざいんが斬新。
    いい！
    ふつう
    性能や耐久性は極めて無難ですが価格を考えるとコスパ良いです
    しっかりとした製品で安心して使用できるものでした。
    It’s work well.
    昔のHDMIしかあまり知らなかったのですが、最近のHDMIのバージョンでは出力元が対応していれば映像と音声も一緒に転送してくれます。試しに自作マシンのマ
ザーボードのHDMIからTVにHDMIで接続してみましたが、オーディオケーブル不要でTVから音が出ました。ケーブル自体も少し赤いストライプがはいっていますが頑丈
そうです。5mを購入しましたがちょっと長かったです。
    思っていたよりコードが硬いです
    安いので不安がありましたが、普通に使えています
    接続できればよいと考えていたので画質は期待していませんでしたが、この値段でしたらこんなもんかな、と思える商品でした。
    私が使用しているPCの問題かもしれませんが時々遅延が発生します。テレビモニターとPCを接続していますモニター側かPC側かの問題かもしれませんが以前使って
いたケーブルではこのようなことがなかったためこのケーブルが原因な気がしてなりません。違ったらごめんなさい。でも結局電気屋さんで新しいケーブルを買うことにしました
。
    他のレビューを見ていると 硬いなどとか画質が乱れるなど ありましたが 全く問題なく使用しております 特に品質にも問題なく値段も 安いので
満足していますが 赤い柄 は不要で黒一色の無理にした方が見栄えは良いかなと 以上。
    しっかりと良い画像で使わせていただいております。
    15mを購入しましたが、問題なく使用できています。耐久性に関してはまだわかりません。
    別部屋に延長の為購入、コードの太さも丁度良く、しっかりしている為設置もきれいに完了、画質も良好、問題無く使用中
    ケーブルが編み込みの線なのでナイロン製より頑丈だと思う。値段も安かったので文句無し。
    とても安価に購入できました。使用感も問題ありません
    テレビ、パソコン共に問題なく使えました。ゲームや動画なども滑らかに見れます。
    よかった
    順調に使っている。
    買ってからとてもよく使用しています
    短いのでケーブルが変にもつれない。
    TVモニターとPCの接続用で値段も安かったので購入しましたが反応なしでした。やっぱり値段相応の物を買うべきです。
    コードの質感、肌触りが想像以上によい！使用感は普通のhdmiケーブルとかわらない
    気に入った。欲しい物探し当てた感じ。タブレットからTVに接続動画を、大勢で、愉しんでいます。
    他の方のレビューにもあり、ちょっと気にはなりましたが購入。でも思っていた以上に硬い。ネット配信の動画をＴＶで見ていますが、問題なく使えています。
    商品説明に「ケーブル認定高速イーサネットHDMIケーブル」と書いてありますが、届いた商品には、認定マークがありません。本物でしょうか？追記：問い合わせる
と、3月1日(日)に「認定を取得しました。今は休日ですので、数日後にお送りします。」と返信が来ました。でも、3月5日(木)の時点で送られてきていません。さらに追
記：レビューを書いた次の日（3月6日(金)）に、認証を示すとされるPDFファイルが送られてきました。開くと、HDMIケーブルではなく、MicroUSBケーブルの
データでした。さらにさらに追記：それ以降、HDMIケーブルのものを送ってほしいと連絡しても、送られてくることはありませんでした。商品説明には、「ご不明な点がござ
いましたら、電子メールでお問い合わせください。」と書いてありますが、問い合わせても問題は解決しませんでした。「無料生涯交換保証」も意味がなかったです。
    I got this on Wednesday and it broke on Saturday. When it arrived it seemed
nice, braided cables are usually a sign of durability. Put in into the back of
my tablet, and today when my tablet was flat against my desk, I tilted my tablet
upright (without feeling much resistance at all), apparently that was enough
force to pull the end of the connector off.I say pull off specifically, because
nothing broke, the end simply slid off. I have the piece that's supposed to plug
in one hand and the cable in the other, I'm disappointed, I only had it 3 days,
and I can see that the plug itself has the TINIEST bit of metal to hold it in
the plastic case, so now I'm not surprised it slid off. Now I have to buy
another cable, after 3 days, so 0 value for money.FYI I have many HDMI/DVI
cables etc, I've never had one break without excessive use, and when they do
break it's usually because something snapped, never because the *** plug slipped
off.
    I've bought a few of these Shuliancable HDMI cables. I like the high quality
of the actual cable - looks like it could stand a lot of abuse. The connectors
look good and solid as well.Performance wise, they are fine. Even the 45 foot
long one I bought shows no perceptible loss of picture quality. They are as good
as any other type I've tried - and at such good prices as well.
    For the price of the product it does everything expected of an hdmi cable.
The quality of the cable is very good and the length is just perfectDespite the
quality of the cable being good it can be hard to move into positionOverall the
hdmi cable is perfect, was delivered in good time and would buy again.
    I use this lead to connect my HP laptop computer to a smart TV.  There were
no problems whatsoever, when I plugged the lead into each device.  Picture and
sound quality are fine.  Only time will tell whether it will continue to connect
easily, after it has beeen plugged into the sockets and unplugged many times.
It is also worth noting that this is a very sturdy lead.  It is not very
flexible, because the braided casing is fairly stiff.
    Exactly what you'd expect. 10 meter HDMI cable. It comes packaged in a
'spiral' which makes sense but when unravelling it all there's periodically
sharp 'bends' or 'quirks' that need to be twisted a certain way to get it back
to normal (straight). Other than that it's easy to use.
    The product is exactly the way it was described on amazon , i received the
product next day before 3pm.  I use the product to connect my iMac to a tv
display  in my live recording room , in my professional recording studio. Really
happy with the price, the quality of the product, and also the exact delivery as
described when I bought the product.
    OK, it's not advertsied to handle 4k signals but its worth noting that my
cable definitely couldn't handle that resolution. Image would blank out and
horrible artefacts would appear!Works great for 1080p though.  :)
    I can't judge the long term durability yet, but the cable seems well made
and robust. It certainly does the job at a modest cost. Also, it says "Data is
full of global life, connecting wonderful world" on the pack, which must be good
(if I only knew what it meant) :-)
    This cable has out lasted all the other hdmi cables at work . And it’s taken
a beating by being dragged when the tv is moved . Works with both pc and macs
    Replaced an old cable on a PC monitor with this one but I now have flashing
spots on the display every few minutes and the monitor would reset the display
and sometimes go blank for several seconds.  When I swapped it with another HDMI
cable the problems went away, so it seems this cable is not good quality.  Now
using this cable on an old DVD player and it works OK.
    The cable was required to replace existing 1m cable,  which was working
perfectly, with a 5M cable. I changed the cables and switched on only to find
that the TV no longer showed an acceptable picture. I contacted my programme
provider to ensure that there was not a problem from their end and was told that
there  was not but they carried out a series of tests and advised me to change
back to the original cable which I did and got a perfect picture as before. Due
to being busy I forgot to return the cable which is at present still in my
possession. NOT IMPRESSED!!!
    Very happy with purchase. O was needing it to deliver PowerPoint
presentations on Smart TV and it is working very well. Item arrived very
quickly, was well packaged and  looks to be strong and of good quality. Ant
really comment on durability but as said above, looks and feel good. Very good
value for money in my opinion.
    Was a little disappointed with this product. I needed to use this for my
bedroom tv that hangs on the wall. The first time I put in the port it was fine
but I needed take it out to switch ports and it just fell apart. Made with cheap
materials and very flimsy. Not surprised by the price.
    Have had a bit of a nightmare connecting all my various A/V things (laptop /
DVD player / Firestick) to my TV and this was just what I needed. Does the job
perfectly, came well packaged and very well priced.
    This came super quick it's a nice size and works great very easy to set up
and use. It is a good quality cable that is great value for money. It's a high-
speed cable aswell so works better than other cables
    Recommended connection for my new OLED TV and sound bar is via a HDMI high
speed cable with Ethernet support. This cable simply did the job perfectly.The
red and black marking makes it easy to identify among other cables.
    Good quality works perfect. Used it to connect my laptop to my smart tv so I
can do my Instagram home workouts during the pandemic on the big screen. Thanks
🙏🏽
    This cable does its job and feels robust.  In retrospect I ought to have
bought a longer cable to make it easier for the way I use it.
    I bought the 15m version of the cable which is long enough for my purpose
the cable is heavy duty so is robust  It works well I would buy it again if
needed
    Does what says on the tin, wrapped in a strong outer material, (red and
black theme). Used in conjunction with extended ethernet and USB3 cables, when
placing desktop into side cabinet.
    Great long cablePerfect for my projector installationGreat quality and seems
durable
    Really nicely made, I have it on a projector so judging the visual quality
is hard but it’s better than the last one I had, really long. Good product
    Whilst i often am suspicious with low priced items, this cable with great
build quality transmits a great signal, and adds no latency to my display.  I
use this to add a 3rd 27" display to my Mac Book Pro.
    I needed a longer lead and bought one of these. The quality is good and
there is no noticeable loss of picture quality. Overall a good quality product.
    Nice cable better than those plastic ones, didn't appear to be any loss of
quality over 3m from laptop.
    I got the 5m cable to go between my laptop and tv. It worked first time and
looks and feels very good quality material.
    It was so nice to find a cable in different lengths. The 1m length was just
right to join my DVD to the TV.  Thank you.
    Good qualty cable. Looks and feels resilient. Terminal connectors are a good
solid fit.
    Constant flicker on 4k TV. Picture cuts out and goes black. Changed cable
and new one works great. Awful product
    I bought this for my computer and it works great. The cable is thick and
sturdy (which can be a bit difficult to attach) but that makes it more durable.
Haven't had any problems since I bought it a year ago. Still working perfectly!
    Overall good quality, and very good price for the length of cable your
getting.
    Got this to put my computer screen on my tv to make it bigger. Work really
well
    cable is very hard and can barely flex. places strain on the connection
ports/graphics card. 4K signal to the TV keeps dropping. sometimes repeatedly,
sometimes once every few minutes. I have to purchase a replacement. not
recommended.
    Good robust cable. I sadly got a shorter one however the cable is good and
value for money
    5 start quality off the product
    Very happy with my product will buy again I will tell my friends about the
product and the bright the service very good
    This product works well for its purpose. Easy to use and does the job...
    Could not plug in so could not use.Item returned for full refund
    Good quality,braided cable doesn't twist or kink. Would recommend.
    It’s stated to fail with my ps4 pro and every now and then goes blank
    Cable is well made, doesn't take twists easily (which is fine).
    Fast delivery and great value for money. Just what I wanted, thanks
    Poor picture  when viewing VHS tapes. OK when playing DVDs.
    Great price point and fast delivery.. cable not very flexible but fine
really for what we need.. just linking from laptop to TV but if we want to move
laptop round a bit it's very stiff..
    Yep, it does what i expected good quality picture as well
    excellent value . used to connect lap top to television.
    Works fine and appears to be a strong cable that should last well
    Dose what I wanted old cable was a bit short this 3m one is great
    Some shops are charging £40 to £60 for this much cheaper wire that does the
same job just as good
    Very very good cable ,ideal for the grandkids not had any issues so it’s a
thumbs up from me ,used for both gaming and films
    Cheap lead but Did the trick. All good and well
    Great items and does what is say it does.
    Does exactly what I needed it to. Very long too!
    Quality lead , great picture since fitting would buy again.
    only slight moan, takes about 30 seconds for the sound to transfer (tried
with another cable that was fine) not a deal breaker, but not perfect
    It's first class dose want it's said.
    Great cable at a competitive price
    Decent cable with prompt service - what more to say!
    Just the thing that I needed and cheap
    Exactly as described. Just what I needed
    This did not fit my equipment. Can I return it for a refund  please?
    Works well and good length cable
    For connecting my TV to a variety of devices
    Great value and good product
    doesn't work. Waste of money
    Product did not work. Shorter cable did it. Sending the product back.
    I needed a quick solution to my single-USB-C power/usb port on Surface Go.
Watching videos drained the battery, so I got a the QGeek USB-C Power-in-Hub and
it solved all my problems along with this 25' super high quality HDMI cable to
the TV - no issues!
    Did what it’s meant to do
    Worked perfectly for me
    Excellent cable! Good price
    Nice cabel working perfect with My xbox
    Does the job and easy to install
    Gave up after a week. Poor.
    A strong durable cable which gives a great picture and sound.
    Very good quality.
    Cheap and good quality
    Works perfectly for connecting DVD player to TV.
    Bought to connect xbox to the TV. The wire is extremely strong, by far the
best wire we've bought yet
    prompt delivery, very pleased, worked well on our scart to hdmi converter,
the hdmi cable went to our 4K smart tv and worked well.
    Needed to have a lead that went from input to control unit and onto
projector. job done
    Excellent service and good product. Exactly as described， thank you.
    Great value
    Recommended
    Perfect. Purchased 5m &+ 10m
    Nice long lead and brilliant picture quality
    did the job
    No issues
    great!
    Cable doesn't work. Tried plugging from windows 10 laptop to new Samsung TV,
didn't work. Tried PS3 to TV, didn't work. (My existing HDMI cable from PS3 to
TV work with all the items, so i know it is not defective sockets...). Very
disappoonting.
    I think they are ok,
    Nicely made, strong outer insulation, great picture.
    Ok
    best ones i’ve bought yet!!
    liked the product it was for a DVD player
    This cable was just as advertised and came the next day could not fault
cable  or service
    Top quality product delivers quality picture at 20m long its great valuve
    good picture
    does what its supposed to do, good quality lead
    Doesnt work
    A strong and durable cable. Excellent value!
    Very good quality cable
    Terrible item have had to order another product now at extra cost, Picture
it intermittent and keeps saying no signal and when there is a picture it is
flickering, tried the older shorter cable I had and picture is perfect, Tried
this cable on another TV and same issue , so now I am out of pocket!!!
    No different than what I have
    Product arrived next day, just as described. Thank you
    Easy to plug in.
    great value
    Good product the length was just as required
    A++
    Assuming it's due to the 10m lenth of cable, we have experience occassional
repeated screen loss from our set top box to TV screen. Usually correct by
disconnecting and reconnecrign the HDMI lead.
    Quality lead
    Thinner cable and length enabled it to fit into cable tidy - delighted with
product
    Excellent item. Fast delivery.Highly recommend AAA+++
    Great Product, Quick Delivery!
    Nice as described
    I like it.
    Perfect for moving TV further away from Sky box. Inexpensive and effective,
what's not to ikke!!!
    Great for the money
    It is a cable and it works, good price & delivery.
    Great
    Good service from supplier, no problems
    wanted a cable I could use and reuse. This fitted the bill exactly
    Nice cable, works as expected, fast delivery!
    Works a treat
    This cable is basically a longer reinforced HDMI cable it does not support
4k so I wouldn't say high speed. It's just as I said a longer standard cable
nothing fancy about it.
    Works great...
    Proper good
    Returned it immediately.
    Works well with my ps4
    Wanted a hdmi for arc but most were very expensive. This one is perfect and
works with arc, exactly what I wanted.
    just what i needed for my new dvd player
    Very pleased with the cable
    Exactly what we needed
    Just what I ordered ,delivery brilliant Very pleased
    Do not use cable for gaming. It does what I wanted it for
    Dose the job
    Rugged cable being used on a security system, works perfectly.
    Worked well. Did not try Ethernet
    Exactly what I was after value for money
    Prompt  delivery. Works well. Appears to be good quality. Worth the money
in my opinion.
    This Product comes very nicely packaged and does a great job as it is meant
to do, great Quality!
    Seems robust and good quality
    Works well
    Just what we needed
    As expected
    This product is extremely good and I am absolutely satisfised with it. This
product is actually good value for money as you're getting the best product for
money.
    Great product
    As described
    Arrived on time  bvery pleased with the cable its nice and flexible
    well made ,no loss of quality and great price .thank you
    Does the job it was bought for
    This would have been a reasonable purchase had it not been for the postage
cost. That said the cable is exactly what I wanted and is working perfectly.
    It mirrors perfectly what my computer screen shows. 100 percent worth the
price.Came neatly packaged and simply to use.
    Fast delivery, great product.
    Ideal for the purpose
    My son was pleased with the cable
    Arrived very quickly and good quality.
    Perfect
    very good substantial cable - good quality and value - doesnt mind being
dragged under floorboards
    Great hdmi cable
    Very happy with my purchase....I bought this cable as my old hdmi stopped
working...since buying it I've had no issues
    Very happy with the product
    Good sturdy cable
    As described.. ZERO Issues
    Great product and price
    Arrived next day,not sure about durability as I have only just received
it,but it looks durable.Using it to connect laptop to TV to watch skygo abroad.
    I had trouble with the first cable that was sent, seller immediatly
rectified the situation and sent a new one within less than 24 hours. Can not
fault.
    works well so far
    top item, did exactly what I needed
    Perfect
    Brilliant!
    Used to connect Sony sound bar to TV. Have rated durability as 4 as too
early to know for sure but I’m sure it will be fine.
    Came fast and works well :)
    Just what I was looking for
    These HDMI  Cables are of very good quality , arrived  a day early to , and
at the price  an excellent product , Highly recommended . thank you
    Great leads ordered 2 x 10M cables as used for my TV that is fixed to the
wall. They are very flexible.
    Item didn’t work, only one in pack not 2 as claimed and return label send in
unprintable form so can’t return!
    Spot on
    Ok
    Very impressed with speed of delivery, item is exactly as described, very
pleased thank you!
    It didn’t work. Waste of money. Tried a different cable between same
products and they worked so definitely faulty cable
    very happy with this item. came on time and was described by the seller.
    i had read a review saying this cable was compatible with Macs so I ordered
it but it did not fit my Mac laptop, very dissapointed.
    Looks well made and works well
    Does what it says. Would buy again.
    All good
    Durable and nice looking
    The product was of a high quality, good value for money and arrived quickly.
    Good product and value for money
    Excellent quality cable and good length, does the job very well
    Very disappointed with the poor picture quality
    Used for my PlayStation 3 to tv
    This came perfectly on time and it is very well made length was perfect
    All good.
    ok
    connected to projector...worked fine.
    ok
    Good quality
    Good quality cable worked very well
    Work well but doesn't work with our Apple TV otherwise does was it needs to
    Good value for money.
    Doesn't work.  Intermittent signal so image switches on and off constantly -
no use at all, waste of money.
    product perfect for job, excellent delivery
    Flexible and delivered fast. Used for PS4
    Using for free view device to television. Works well, good speed. Satisfied
with purchase.
    Super long lead. Works fine. Be handy in the future when i want a better lay
out of my consoles :)
    Perfect
    Worked fine
    The cable worked
    Arrived quickly works fine thank you - good quality 😊
    Good product
    Received a cheap steel necklace in a bag that said cable. Not amused.
    Solved my problem, can now move my laptop to an area that gets better wifi
signal
    Well worth it
    Good for price
    It's  was  ok
    Great product excellent service
    Cable came but intermited sound poor
    very good
    Works great
    I connected to my laptop and tv and the video display comes on and off every
second. DO NOT BUY
    Does wht it says on the tin, so you got to give it 5 stars
    Very pleased with my new cable. Needed so I could mount my TV on wall. Does
the job well and very good service.
    Had this cable for less than 4 months and it is already broken. Don't waste
your time.
    Works fine. Good quality item
    Does the job
    Turns out this cable is braided which as great since I was running it behind
the walls to the tv. It was very durable.
    need to return this lead ,tv picture very poor and signal ,jumping all over
the placeouter sheaf is very hard to make straight
    Prompt delivery, quality product
    Excellent quality
    not great
    Nothing.
    Pc on tv
    Great product great delivery
    Ideal for what was required
    Great
    great
    will definitely buy again :)
    its just what I wanted thanks
    Thx for good purchased :-)) greetings
    Just what I ordered ,
    Was delivered  quick good product for the money would use them again
    This hdmi cable does not work, do not buy it
    It Is perfect and looks a good quality one
    Ordered 2 - one is faulty and the tv blinks on and off!
    Picture and sound really bad
    connection between computer and tvJust ideal
    Perfect for the above  item.
    It doesn’t work
    Excellent
    very poor
    2nd time I’ve bought this product and it’s broken again
    Great no problems at all picture fantastic
    dvd connect to tv
    5*
    Great choice, works well an solved my connection problem!
    Excellent product - Fast delivery
    Excellent quality many thanks
    Very good product. I bought the 5m one.
    Stopped working after 6 weeks..
    does the job i wanted
    Brilliant
    Works well
    Came in very fast. I’m impressed.
    Very reasonable price and great quality
    Hdmi lead does not work at all
    As described, no issues at all
    great came the next day perfect!
    Excellent
    This lead did not work at all
    Happy with this purchase
    Easy to use
    It's a cable the does what it's supposed to. Good quality as well.
    Amazing cable! Good quality
    As described
    Good quality product
    Just as advertised
    Thanks
    Good
    Works perfect
    Quality
    It twas good
    Its ok!
    Great for the price and fast delivery.
    Io non so se sia la lunghezza, ma è la seconda volta che acquisto un cavo
con queste metrature ed il segnale alla TV arriva sempre con notevoli disturbi e
saltellante
    Per collegare il pc portatile al monitor del televisore: perfetto!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Doesn't work, bought 15m
and went through hassle of spending nearly an hour feeding the cable around room
to find it flicks on/off when in use every 5-10 seconds.Now have to get cable
back out and arrange to return.TOTAL WASTE OF TIME
    To jest to czego oczekiwałem
    great
    Doesn't work, bought 10m and went through hassle of feeding the cable around
room to find it flicks on/off when in use every 5-10 seconds.Now have to get
cable back out and arrange to returnTOTAL WASTE OF TIME
    Doesn't work!!!
    i HAVEN'T A CLUE, IT'S A XMAS PRESENT FOR MY GRANDSON!
    Good cable . But notified it was signed for but in actual fact it was shoved
through letterbox. Not pleased about that - fail by Amazon delivery .
    Worked great for my use of mounting a TV away from cable box, worked
flawlessly and looks like it’s durable. Great value.
    Will not work in any of the 3 HDMI ports on my TV. Not recognized by my TV.
    Very good cable, as advertised. Long and very durable.Just a heads-up
though: This cable does not support Full 4k (2160p) video. It supports 4k at
lower bitrates, but full 4k (like 4k 3D for example) is not supported.
    Works well but a bit thicker. I wanted a slim cable so returned it
    I just bought the  length that was to long
    K
    for the money - excellent. does the job.
    Brill thank you
