    手持ちのマウスが壊れ、高評価のこの製品を緊急で購入。最近よくあるエルゴノミクス系の左右非対称ではなく、左右対称の一般的な形状でとても使いやすい。私は汗っ
かきですぐマウスがべたべたになる。毎日PC使い始めにティッシュでマウスを拭くが、側面がラバー製だとティッシュの繊維が残ってしまう。このマウスの滑り止めはプラスチ
ック製の本体に凹みがあるだけなので問題無い。最近はこういった普通のマウスが安く見当たらない。この値段で5ボタン、クリック感も良好。よい買い物だった。レビュー投稿
者には6ボタンと言っている人がいるが、中央のボタンはマウス感度を変更するだけだから実質5ボタンだろう。
    職場で使ってたマウスを交換するために購入しました。 最初は「そんな安いものって、あまり期待していない」と思いましたが、この製品は本当に私を驚かせました！
見た目は上品で、スピードもスムーズで、手に馴染むサイズです。 マイナス点の１つだけはボタンをクリックしたときの音ですが、本当に気にしません。
１週間使ったばかりなので、バッテリーの消費量はまだわかりません。 ですが、それを5/5と評価して、基本的なマウスを購入したい人に本当にお勧めです！I
bought this mouse to replace the old one at work. At first, I didn't expect much
because of the cheap price. However, the product really surprised me! I have
been using it for a week, at it works perfectly. The appearance is elegant, the
speed is smooth, and the size fits my hand. The only little minus point is the
sound when I click the button, but I really don't mind it. Not sure about the
battery consumption yet because I have just used it for a week. Anyway, rate it
5/5 and really recommend it to anyone in need of a basic mouse!
    マウスのサイズとしてはそこそこの大きさがありますホイール後ろのボタンでカウント（マウスカーソル速度）がかえられるので一番移動量が多い状態にしてありますほ
んの少し動かすだけでカーソルが端から端に行く感じでマウスパッドが狭いのでかなりストレスがない状態です（私の手が小さい為）左右ボタンの根元を押すのですがきちんと反
応しますカチカチ音は私は「した方がいい」派なのでこれくらいなら気になりませんがうるさいのがイヤって方やヘビーにクリック繰り返す方にはオススメしにくいですねホイー
ル位置が多少前掴みしないと回しにくい（標準的な手のサイズなら問題ないと思います）ですが数日で慣れると思いますホイールの幅も広めで引っかかりがない＆滑りにくい（１
ヶ月ちょいでホイールの調子がおかしくなった前のミニマウス（他社）はカツカツと引っかかる感じで回る＆ホイールが細くて指が滑りやすい）のでスムーズに回せてこちらもス
トレスはないです＠は出来るだけ長持ちして欲しいかな～と
    私は600円の時に買いました。ワイヤレスでかつ5ボタンの物を探してたのですが、どれもそこそこの値段で悩んでましたが、ためしと思って安かったこれを買ってみ
ました。二週間くらい使ってますが、ゲームやるわけでもないので、今のところ特に気になる不具合もなく、かなりハイコスパな商品だと思います。あとは耐久性と電池持ちがど
うか？ですが、とりあえず星5です。今なぜか値上がりしてますが…あとレビューの数が多いのはヤラセではなく、おまけがあるからです！ご心配なく
    この値段でワイヤレスだし基本的には不満ないけどオートオフをオフにさせて欲しい復帰させるためにクリックした時に１回目は入力されないのならいいけど、しっかり
入力されてしまうのでカーソル下になにか反応するものがある状態でクリックしてしまうと面倒です特にブラウザ上のリンクの上でクリックしてしまうと必要ないページ開いたり
面倒
    複数台PCを使用していますが今回の無線マウスは価格もリーズナブルで以前から使用していたマウスと使用感も同じで気に入ってます。今回は持ち運び用のノートパソ
コンで使用しますがテスト的に使用した感じではとても良い商品で気に入っています。耐久性と使いやすさについてはまだわからないので☆５にしましたが・・・
    同価格帯のマウスの殆どは3ボタンですが、本製品は5ボタンです。その点に惹かれて購入しました。価格的にダメ元みたいな部分もあったのですが、届いた商品への満
足度は非常に高いです。説明書は英語のみですが、USBレシーバーを認識させてマウスのスイッチをオンにするだけなので、困ることはないと思います。それだけで普通に使え
るようになります。不安だったクリックやホイール挙動の不安定さは全く感じません。必要十分なマウスです。大手メーカーのように機能をカスタマイズするソフトウエアや、本
体に装飾めいたようなものはありませんが、こういった製品に不慣れな場合、高機能が逆に足枷になることも少なくありません。ごく普通に、誰でもが使えるマウスが欲しいとい
うことなら、安価な本製品の購入を迷う必要はないのではないでしょうか。あとは耐久性がどの程度か…だと思いますが、これは一朝一夕に検証できるものではないので何とも言
えません。
    最近とにかく軽く動くマウスが多いと思いますが、このマウスは使い始めてこれは動きが鈍いと一瞬思いましたが直ぐに落ち着いた動きだと分かりました。右クリックが
左クリック時に同時に起こる事がありますが、このマウスはしっかりしていてそれがありませんでした。この価格でこのようなマウスが存在するのは貴重な事です。外観もこのマ
ウスらしさがでています。安っぽさがありません。特にドラッグに安定感がありほんとにいいマウスだと思います。
    格安マウスは操作性(グリップ感や安定感)の悪さからあまり使わないようにしてましたが私事情で今回格安マウスを購入することに。数ある格安マウスから選んだ理由
としては①ボタン付き②安物っぽく見えないこと(個人の感想ですが2500円くらいのマウスに見えます笑)③価格が1000円前後であることグリップ感は各々の個人差があ
るので言及はしませんが大きくはないし小さくもないといった感じです。女性でも使えるはずです。安定感については文句はありません。接続が切れたり、ポインターが何もない
とこで動いたりとかはありません。総括として買って良かった買い物です。
    これまでマウスは自宅のデスクトップ以外 大した商品は使ってません出来るだけ安い5ボタン縛りで壊れては買い替えを繰り返してましたが今回このマウスを購入して
思ったのはサイズ感、重量、フォルムとどれをとってもこれまでの安価な物とは大きな差を感じます未だ使ってませんので何ともですが・・・楽しみです
    安いので予備用で買いました。4月に某Eのそこそこいい2~3000円のマウスを買って使っていたのですが4ヶ月でボタンの反応が悪くなってしまい、保証期間内で
あるため無償修理はできますが、送料だけ自己負担で700円以上かかる見積もりになりました。だったら安いのを買ったほうがいいと思ってこちらを600円で買いましたがコ
スパは最強だと思います。好みになりますが使い心地も数千円レベルと遜色ないと思います。耐久性に関しては使い続けないとわからないですが安いし使い捨て前提な思考でもい
いと感じます。
    故障するまでは使いやすくなかなか良い買い物をしたかなと思っていたのですが、僅か2か月で使用できなくなりました。多分受信機が壊れたのかと思います。C国製で
は結構あることなのでしょうが・・・C国製壊れるの早すぎ。これからは安さにつられずにちゃんと日本製を買うようにしたいと思います。使い始めた時はいい製品だと思ったん
ですけどねぇ・・・
    会社パソコンの標準マウスが使いずらいので自腹で買うのに手頃な値段のを探してました。着いた直ぐ次の日に持って行き、早速使用して見ました。接続と云うほどもな
く直ぐつかえました。使用感はとても軽く感度はとてもいいです。この値段でwebの前後のページに戻るボタンがついているのは凄いです。自腹でも使いやすい方がいいですね
。あとは耐久性はこれから検証していきます。
    良い所は安さとホイールの動作の感じだけ。左右クリック音がやたらと高くて耳障り、どう設定しても安定しない全ボタンのクリック、すぐに不安定になったホイール反
応、スリープに入ったのかバッテリー切れなのか（電池交換直後でも）ほんのわずかな時間で止まる動作…もう不満しかない。初めて一か月足らずで買い替える事となりました。
    599円で購入しました。安い光学式マウスなのでマウスパッドが必要になるかと思いましたがマウスパッドなしでも使えます。軽量で程よい大きさが気に入りましたが
クリック音が大きいのが気になります。静かなカフェなど少しの音でも気になるような環境では使いにくいかもしれません。省電力のために一定時間が過ぎるとOFFになる仕様
のようです。OFFになったらマウスを動かすだけではONにならず、どれかボタンを押す必要があります。クリックでONなので電池の持ちは良いかもしれません。良い物が買
えました。
    今までパソコン付属のDEL製ワイヤレスマウスを使用。これは電源を逐一SWで入り切りのため、使用後のSW切り忘れ多し。半日も経ってSWを切ることも屡々。本
器はその点、放っとけばSWが勝手に切れるので、具合よし。中肉中背（165cm、６０KG）の男子の手に大きすぎず、小さすぎず丁度良いサイズ。Forward、Bac
kwardスイッチは、NEＴサーフィン、Ｗｅｂ操作に便利。まだ使い始めたばかりで、バッテリー持続時間は未評価。
    使っていたLogicoolのマウスが反応しなくなったので至急の買い替えです。しっかり握れるサイズなので使いやすいですね。まだ動きに慣れないですが1日経て
ば全く問題無いと思います。WEBをチェックする程度なので充分です。また非常に安価で送料も掛からず逆に申し訳ないような気がします。
    完璧な「安かろう悪かろう」無線マウスで戻るボタン付きということでこちらを購入。マウスの使用感が明らかに滑りが悪い。裏面を綺麗に拭いたり、滑りが良くなるシ
リコンを塗布したりいろいろ試したが変化せず。こういうもんか馴れるであろうと2週間使用したが、細かい図面の作業をしてるとうまくいかずイライラそれでも根気よく馴れる
努力をしたが、、、私は馴れませんでした。残念。
    問題なく使用できます。この価格で無線対応マウスというのは非常にコスパがいいのではないでしょうか。　在宅ワークと通勤でＰＣを持ち歩いて作業することが多くな
り、持ち歩く荷物を最小限にしたいと考え、作業場毎に周辺機器を新調するにあたりこちらのマウスを購入致しました。そんな、機能性よりもコスパを優先したい方にはお勧めで
きる商品です。
    １．クリック音は静音ではない。２．使用感は良い。３．使用開始４日目にしてポインター矢印が表出しない。電池を新品に交換しても同様で、うんともすんともいわな
い。クリック音だけが響くのみ。安価なのであまり期待していませんでしたが、まさか４日目にして使用不可になるとは思いませんでした。即返金手続きするはめになった。
    価格を考えたら十分です。普通に使えます。カチカチ音はします。普通サイズですので持ち運びは優先しない方が良いです。軽いので、動作を最速に設定すると、ニュー
タイプ並みの反射神経必要です。チョイ使いや、緊急利用がメインであれば不満ないです。
    ボタンが多く、口コミが良かったので、購入。価格の割に、良かった。左クリックに反応しない時があり、不良品かと思ったけど、ボタンをもう少し強く押さないといけ
ないことが判明。そのため長い時間使っていると、指が疲れます。バッテリーは、まだ使い始めて間もないので、分からず。もう少しボタンの反応が良いといいなと思い★３。持
ち運びするので、もう少し小さくてもいいなと思い★３。
    無線マイクが調子悪くなり、このマウスを購入しました。男の人の手にはぴったりなじんで使いやすいようです。私が使う際は、手のひら一杯のマウスを動かすのが使い
にくいです。女性には、もう少し小さなサイズが良いかもと思います。
    耐久性や電気消費量はまだ分かりませんが製品自体は手に馴染みますボタンの感覚もカチッとして使いやすいです同封の紙に不具合については保証もしくは払い戻しに応
じると書かれてました良心的な販売者だと思います
    スクロールの反応が気になるタイプのマウス。サイドボタンも軽くて少し気になる。クリック音、軽さ、フィット感は想像通り。
    職場のマウスが有線マウスで使いにくかったので安くて使えるものをと思い購入しましたが、安いだけあってちゃっちい上、サイドボタンも押しにくい、マウスカーソル
がワープするという事が多く、作業効率向上を目的としているのに使い物にならず、作業効率が落ちました。
    今まで使っていたマウスのホイールが調子悪くなり評価順で検索してすぐ注文普段使ってる物が不調だと結構ストレスですね翌日帰宅すると届いていて助かりました最近
のモノと比べるとやや大き目な印象ですが価格以上の品質単三電池１本仕様も気に入りました
    テレワークと出社と言う状況です。テレワークの際に1からの準備で、ワイヤレスキーボードとマウスがセットになった物を少し前に買いました。そのマウスは平べった
い？薄い形状で、個人的にあまり慣れていなく仕事中はちょっと疲れてしまいます。今回買ったこちらのタイプは慣れている形状ですぐに馴染み、問題なく使えてます。今のこの
状況が落ち着くまで(落ち着くのかな…？)の使用なので、とりあえずコストを抑えて手にしっくりくる物を…であればこちらで充分なのかなと思います。
    普段、11インチのPCを持ち歩いており、モバイルマウスを使っていますが、自宅用としてもっと握りやすいマウスが欲しいと思い、この商品を購入しました。799
円と、激安の5ボタンマウスですが、非常に満足しています。握りやすさ、挙動共に全く問題ありませんし、このマウスのおかけで、自宅でのPC操作が格段に楽になりました。
コスパ最高ですね。
    しばらく放置すると電源オフになるのでその都度クリックして復元するのですが、余分に操作してしまうのか勝手に選択していることがありイラっとすることがあります
。使うほどにその頻度が高まるようで評価を見直しました．．．
    手のひらにしっくりくる大きさ、USBレシーバーが本体に収納できる作り。テスト電池無し。動きは良好で、全く問題なく使用できる。この値段で、この使用感はコス
パ最高だと思いました！
    7年使ったワイヤレスマウスが調子悪くなり買い換えることになりました。レシーバーをPCに挿しただけで問題無く使えました。国内メーカーではありえない価格で大
丈夫かな？と思いましたが、快適に動作していて驚いています。大きさはやや大きめだと思います。
    在宅ワークで使用するマウスとして購入しました。もともと使っていた３ボタンタイプのマウスの調子が悪くなったので、同程度のもので良いかなと探していました。こ
ちらの商品は5ボタンなので、機能は増えたのですが低価格だったので、「イマイチだったら買いなおす」くらいのつもりで購入しました。が、普通に使える良いマウスです。ま
だ使用期間が短いですが、壊れずに長く使えるといいなと思える商品です。
    これまで使っていたマウスがややくたびれてきた事もあり、手の大きな自分に合うマウスを探してこちらの商品にたどり着きました。皆さんのレビューや写真から自分に
も使いやすそうなので注文しましたが、大きさもピッタリでシンプルな形状が逆に使いやすいしお手入れも簡単です。この価格でワイヤレス 5ボタン
スリープモードもあり、消耗品と考えれば十分ではないでしょうか。気に入りました。
    在宅勤務用に購入しました。ワイヤレスマウスを使うのは初めてだったので最初は正しく動作するのか不安でしたが、購入から2か月経過した今まで問題なく動作してい
ます。やはりコードが無いのは持ち運びする際もかさばらず良いと思いました。ただ私の手が小さいのか少し大きい気がします。バッテリーに関しては2か月経過時点ではまだま
だ大丈夫といった感じしょうか。
    電池式なので　少し重いからなのでしょうか　黒で地味だからでしょうか大きさは比較的大きのですが　手になじむ。この値段で比較的高性能なマウスが手に入るなんて
信じられません。ウェブページの前後のページが　手元で操作できるボタンもついている。耐久性の評価は見た感じです。
    クリック感や重量は特に問題はない。しかし、ドラッグが致命的に途切れやすい。個体差があるのか、それとも私の指に問題があるのか。値段相応と言えば値段相応なの
で、あまりドラッグする予定がない人はこれでも大いに満足すると思われます。あとスマートスリープモードがクリック以外で解除できないのがちょっと面倒くさい。追記:1ヶ
月ほどで壊れました。使い捨てならいいんじゃないでしょうか。
    699円の無線5ボタンマウス。ダメ元だったけど、ちゃんと動くし使える。びっくり。当たり外れ、耐久性はわからない。ちょっと大きめ、重めなので男性向きかも。
操作感は自分には合ってます。
    Amazonプライムデーで購入しましたが、元々安い価格設定だったので気になって購入しました。正直２、３倍するマウスと同等レベルの質はありますね。あとは耐
久性がどの程度あるか、これから使い込んで判断します。今のところは文句なしです。
    使い始めて２週間経ちました。一言でいえば価格相応であって、使えない代物ではありませんが、欲を言えば、滑りが悪いためか重く感じます。これまでのマウスは机の
上に直置きで使っていましたが、久し振りに滑りの良いマウスパッドを買おうかと考え始めています。大きさは自分にピッタリです（あまり小さいのは好きでないので）２週間で
すからバッテリの持ちはまだ判断できません。
    重い。滑りが悪い。カーソルは飛ぶ。電池もすぐになくなる。なんでこんなに評価が高いのかわからない。マジックで印をつけた検品のシールも貼ったままだし。
    クリックなどは反応しますが購入して1週間立たずホイールが不調になりました。回した方向と反対に移動することが時たまあり、実用的には使いにくいです。そしてレ
シーバーも不調です。レビューの良さに惹かれて買いましたが、想像とは反した製品でした。
    ちょっと大きめかな、もう少し小さい方が使いやすいかも？でもこの値段でこの機能、買い！！（バッテリーの持ちに関してはまだ使用を始めたばかりなので不明です）
    昔のマウスの大きさで手にしっくりくる物が欲しいのであれば、これで充分です。形もよく、デザインも優れていて、金額以上です。
    画像から想像したサイズよりも大きかった。バッテリーの持続時間についてはもう少し期間を経過した状態でないと評価はできません。
    これまでのマウスが少し小さかったので新しいマウスを買うことにしました。在宅勤務で長時間PC業務には、少しの使いやすさの差が手の疲れ軽減にも重要だと感じま
した。ポイントの動きもスムーズ、この値段でこのクオリティー、とても助かっています。電池は最初から付属品の方が、コンビニに買いに行く手間が省けてなお良いかと思いま
す。100円ぐらいプラスでも。
    たまたまだったのか、購入価格は 590円
でした。それでいて6ボタンですから、コスパ強し。なんでも日本が一番という誤った思い込みは捨てて、素直にならないと日本の未来は暗い。
    価格が安く評価が良かったのでこの商品を選択しました。使用した感想は、オートパワーオフが付いているのでバッテリーのことは気にせずに使用できます。オンにはワ
ンクリックで復帰します。大きさは自分の手に丁度良くフィットします。ボタンの機能にも満足しています。大変コスパが良いと思います。
    誤動作が多く使えない。あの評価はツリです。安物買い銭失い。元々使っていたエレコムを買い直しました。
    クリック感や握りやすさがちょうどいいです。（厚みがあるので持ち運びには向いてないかも）レシーバーはデスクトップPCの後ろに挿してますが反応も良好。価格を
考えれば文句なしです。
    800円程で５ボタンでワイヤレス、まず有りえないコスパ品物もチャチィじゃないし、しっかりしている間違いなく購入の選択肢にいれるべき
    クリックはカチカチ音がしますが確実に反応して正確です。スクロールもスムーズです。こんなに安くても良い仕事しており抜群のコストパフォーマンスです。あとは耐
久性ですがこれからしばらくこれを使って確認ですね。
    購入後約１か月で故障しました。画面上に矢印が出なくなる時があり、その頻度が増えていきました。１週間後には全く出なくなり使用不可。別のPCに接続しても矢印
が出ない。クリックは使えるがカーソル移動ができない。使用感は省エネ仕様であり最初にワンクリックしなければマウスとして使用できず全体的にもさっとしている。しかし値
段を考えれば使用感は許容範囲内。
    クリックの音がそこそこします。持ちはエボルタ電池のせいかわかりませんが、いいと思います。
    ５ボタンで手になじみ大変使いやすいです。また、レスポンスもよく耐久性もあり、この値段からしたら文句の付け所がありません。良い買い物をしました。
    私の手には少し後ろが高い気がしたがべつに使い勝手が悪くはなかったです。ふつう
    初めてのワイヤレスマウスです。値段が安かったので、ちゃんと繋がるかなぁと心配しておりましたが、問題なく使えました！簡単接続だったのでパソコン初心者の私で
も全然大丈夫でした。この値段でこの使用感でしたら大満足です！ワイヤレスの使い勝手の良さに感動しております^ ^
    説明書が英語で、中国製という点はありますが、この価格でかなり使いやすく感じました。テーブルに直接当てて使った時は若干反応が遅れましたが、別で買ったマウス
パッドと一緒に使うと、遅れもなく快適に使えました。マウスは重めです。バッテリーについては買ったばかりなので、これからの期待を込めて評価高めです。
    側面の戻る進むボタンがふにゃふにゃでちょっと使ってて気持ち良くなかった。ただ、手を置いたときのホールド感とか軽さなどは良かった。
    クリック音が大きく硬い。特に中央ボタンは相当力を入れないと押せない程度に硬い。それでも値段が値段なのでと我慢して使おうと思っていましたが、購入の翌朝動か
なくなりました。電池切れでもなく、省エネ機能の誤作動なのかもしれません。もちろん返品します。
    この値段で5ボタンのワイヤレスマウスというのは、かなりコスパ高いです。軽くて使用感も良く，これといった問題もありません。ただサイズは結構大きめ（マラソン
マウスと比較しても縦に数㎝長い）ので、コンパクトサイズを求める方は注意。
    左側のスイッチ　キャッチ＆リリース過程で　ダブルクリックが発生しました
    動きが悪くなったマウスの代わりが欲しくて注文しましたが、直ぐに届いて助かりました。この値段でこの使いやすいさは大満足です。
    購入して1ヶ月ほどになりますが、とてもスムーズに動作しています。バッテリーはアルカリ電池を使用していますが下部にスイッチがあるので使わない時は切っていま
す。まだまだ持ちそうです。以前は単３電池２本のマウスだったので重かったのですがこれは1本なのでとても軽く手にフィットします。安いのに、当たりだったと思います。
    異常に大きい重い最悪に使いにくい。安物買いの銭失いでした。
    ホイールマウスが動作中に引っ掛かりが有り返品しました。
    今まで有線マウスを使用していたがアマゾンで安価で使いやすいとあり早速購入。簡単に操作でき、満足しています。
    バッテリーセーブ機能が頻繁に作動するため恐らく保ちは良いのでしょう、がしかし、頻繁に停止状態になり過ぎる！復帰が鈍く大変イライラします。正しい復帰方法を
明記して欲しい！
    使い勝手よく使用できそうです。マウスのサイズ的に持ち運ぶ人はあまりいないと思いますが、電源ON.OFF、レシーバーの収納は簡単にできます。
    せい今までのものがクリック性が衰えたため、良さそうなものを選んで購入しました。男性の手のひらに包み込むのにちょうどいい感じで早速使っています。これで耐久
性に問題ないことをが確認できない点を1ポイントマイナスして★4つにします。
    使っていたワイヤレスマウスが壊れたので新しい物を探していたところ価格の安さに目が留まり購入。個人的にはマウスサイズがちょうど良いのか使いやすさもGOOD
.マウスの耐久性や電池寿命はまだ判りませんが値段を考えればお手頃な商品だと思います。問題がなければお得感増し増しです。
    比較的安価で入手できましたし性能的には不満はないです。至って普通のマウスです。クリックが少し重い様な気もしますが慣れれば問題なさそうです。一番の不満はサ
イドの進むと戻るのボタン位置が微妙な感じで、作業中に触れてしまい画面が戻りやすいです。
    少し使わない時間があると、電源が切れてしまう、バッテリーの節約にはなるので良いと思うがちょっと切れるのが早くかな！大人の手でちょっとあまるサイズ
    599円でワイヤレス、6つボタンは安すぎます。サイズは少し大きめの為、女性には大きすぎるかもしれませんが、金額も高くないので、お試しに購入されるのも悪く
ないかと思います。欲を言えば、クリック音が大きいのの、電池カバーが外しにくいのが、改良されると更に良いと思います。
    接続セッティング、感度共に申し分無いです。以前大手他社¥5,000〜¥10,000のワイヤレスを何個か買いましたが、上手く使えませんでした。こちらの製品
はこの価格では間違いなくトップレベルの製品だと思います。
    今まで使っていたマウスの調子が悪くなり購入しました。最初ＵＳＢがどこにあるのかわからなくて探してしまいましたが、前のレビューを読んで本体に刺さっているの
がわかりました。教えてくれてありがとうございました。大変使いやすくて満足です。
    少し大きめですが、使い勝手が良好です。
    安くて機能的にも問題ありません。コスパが良いマウスです。
    マウスの調子が悪くなったので、試しにワイヤレスを買いました。説明書は英語だったけど、電池を入れてUSBを挿せばすぐ使えます。まだ長時間使っていませんが、
買って良かったと感じてます。
    コスパに優れてます。使いやすいです。
    到着から即作業に使えとても良かった!
    本体のコスパ最高で軽くて便利だと思っていたが、2ヶ月で電源が入らない、電池交換しても一瞬電源入るが使えなくなった。はっきりとゴミと化した。
    新しい電池に変えて毎日使って一月持たず。そして、これまでいくつもマウスは使ってますが、一月も経たず、右ボタンが左ボタンより下側にずれ込んで沈み、クリック
しにくい、、安かろう壊れますて感じですね
    デスクに透明なテーブルマットをひいていますがこの製品はマウスの反応がありません。使用にはマウスパッドが必要でした。今まで使用していたマウスは問題なく使用
できたのですが。残念ながら返品しました。
    本体とレシーバーが繋がらなかった
    半年使えれば、いいです。
    電池が1本なのもいいと思います、普通に使用しています。
    Macの表示があったので、購入したのですが、設定が悪いのか、Safariでの戻る進むボタンが効きません（Chromeは問題がないです）。
また、Finderでの戻る進むボタンが効かないです。 不良品なのか、よくわかりません。ご存知の方、教えていただけませんでしょうか。
    値段を考えれば機能、品質ともに文句は無しです。数千円する他のマウスと比べれば細かい作り込みが甘いと感じますが、この値段、5ボタン、DPI切り替えは破格で
す。欲を言えばDPI切り替えの幅を広くしてほしいです。現状だとあまり効果を実感できないので。
    安いけど普通に使えます。買ってよかった！後、サイドボタンの位置と柔らかさが好みです。また壊れても買います(^^)9/14追記:1ヶ月経たずしてホイールの
動きが鈍くなったので即返品処理。また買いましたけど、似たような症状でもこれを繰り返すします(^^)
    安価でどうかなと思っていたが、使いやすく軽く持ちやすい。
    購入してから２ヶ月経ちましたが、今のところ特に問題なく使えています。少し大きめですが、使いづらいサイズではないし、欲を言えばもう少し軽い方がいいかな、と
いうくらい。この値段で有れば十分すぎる性能だと思います。今後の耐久性に期待します。
    マウス本体に単三電池を入れ、マウス本体からレシーバーを外しＵＳＢにセット。すぐ使えました。コストパフォーマンスは良いと思います。耐久性は使えっていかない
と判断できません。
    荷物が届き開封して電池いれてスイッチいれてUSBさしてすぐ接続！めちゃくちゃ簡単です。使い心地は特に悪い点がみつかりません。あとは電池がどのくらい持つの
か、くらいですかね。しばらく様子みます。
安いワイヤレスマウスを探していましたが、いい商品でした。単３電池で動きます。男性には使いやすい掌サイズに合う商品でした。配達もスムーズでオススメの一品です。
    ずっと使っていた有線のマウスが壊れてしまったので初めて無線のマウスを購入。すぐに届いたので早速使いました。動きもスムーズだし、ちょうど手にあうサイズ。何
よりこの価格で問題なく使えるなら間違いなく、買いの商品でしょう！
    低価格なので正直不安でしたが、ダメでもいっかと購入したところ、なんと！　使いやすくて、テレワークでちゃんとしたデスクがない今、大変助かってます。コスパが
良いとはこのマウスのことですね。
    問題なし！コスパ良すぎです✨
    クリック音、クリック感が絶妙。誤動作防止は慣れるととても便利。USBドライバも問題なく接続と同時に稼働。極めてシンプルな造りと機能でコスパ最高。二つ同時
に近接で使ってますが全く問題なし。
    思ってたよりもデカかった、会社の普段あまり使ってないPC用に購入しました。少し反応が悪い感じがしますが、支障はないです。あくまでもコスパ重視で！
    軽くて普通につかえます。コスパ考えれば十分な性能。受信機も本体に格納出来て持ち運びも便利。バッテリーの持続は、まだ使ってまもないので。3で。マウスの形は
好みがあると思うけどクセのない形なので慣れれば違和感無いです。
    まだ1日しか使ってませんが軽くて使いやすいです。在宅勤務になってノートパソコンのタッチパッドで我慢してきましたが肩こりもひどくなり業務効率も悪く購入しま
した。安いですが軽いしボタンも多く使いやすそうです！
    滑りが最高！クリック音が一切しない！と言う程ではない。だが、この値段でこの使い心地なら買って損はないだろう。マウスにこだわりがない人。次のマウスを買うま
でのつなぎとして購入する人にはもってこいの商品だなと感じました。
    家の共有のパソコンのマウスが壊れてしまい安くてレビューが良さそうなものでこれを選びました。まだ数日しか使ってませんが、以前買ったものよりも安いのに使い勝
手がいいなという印象です。持ち手も持ちやすく大満足の商品です。
    この値段なら○
    妻のパソコン用に購入しました。サイドクリック有りと価格で決めました。バッテリーに関してはまだそれほど使用してませんので星4としました。
    何ら問題なくらくらく作動します。バッグンのコストパフォーマンス
    1週間ほどで反応しなくなり、使えなくなった。
    ワイヤレスでかつ5ボタンの物を探してたいたのですが、価格が安くお試しで買ってみました。購入後、商品も直ぐに届き満足です。耐久性については、今後使用してか
らですが、この価格でこの性能。満足で星5にしました。
    購入した翌日に到着しました。手のフィット感・操作感も良好で本当にお買い得な商品だと思います。今から使用して行きますので、耐久性はわかりませんが、造りはし
っかりとしていますので、問題はないと思われます。
    数ある廉価版マウスの中でも6ボタン、送料込みでこの値段だったら絶対買いでしょう。操作フィーリングも特に不満はありません。耐久性、電池の持ちはまだ判りませ
んが商品もすぐ届き満足度が高い買い物でした。
    在宅勤務が続いているため購入しました。このお値段で、全く問題なく使用できているので満足です。会社で使用しているものより若干大きいですがすぐに慣れました。
使いやすさも今のところ○です。
    やや大きいかと思いますが、軽くて使いやすいです。見た目も気に入りました。
    初めてワイヤレスマウスを買いました。ちょうどいいサイズ、重さ、電源のon/offがあり持ち運びに便利なところ、とても気に入りました！！安定感もよく、耐久
性が良ければま購入したいです！good◎
    格安でしたが、使用感いいです。反応もよく使いやすいです。電池の持ちはまだわからないので4としました。
    もう潰れました。安かったのでしかたないかな。
    使っていた無線ワイヤレスマウスのホイールが故障したため本機を購入。ＵＳＢレシーバーを差し込んだだけで動作でき、心配していたホイールでのスクロールも快適で
す。耐久性はこれから見ていきます。
    今まで使っていたマウスは、動きや反応が悪くなったため、買い替えを考え探していました。値段も安く評価も良かったので決めました。使った結果、ストレスもなくス
ムーズに使えて満足しています。
    この価格でこの性能なら充分過ぎます。バッテリー消費はこれから使ってみないと分かりません。確かにクリックした時のカチカチ音が静かな部屋なら気になるとは思い
ますが、職場で使うのなら問題ありません。
軽くて使いやすい。ボタンもあるので簡単に操作できる。まだ使って数日だが気になるところはあまりない。電池を入れる蓋が開きにくいのが少しだけ。手にもフィットする
    バッテリーの持続時間はまだ分かりませんが、マウスのサイズ感が小さすぎず大きすぎずちょうど良くて使いやすい！1000円以下でワイヤレスの5つボタンを購入で
きるのは大変コスパが良くて助かりました。
    使用していたマウスが壊れたらしく、仕事に不可欠なため昨日注文しました。昔の優先のマウスを仕方なく使っていましたが、注文翌日早速届きました。使用感も全く問
題ありません、バッテリーに関しては今は不明です。
    1000円以下ですので性能には大して期待しておりませんでしたが、まったく問題なく使用出来ています。耐久性に関しては使い続けなければ分かりませんが、いずれ
レビューしたいと思います。
    手に馴染んで使いやすいです。値段も高くないので買って良かったです。
    単３電池があれば、すぐ使える。マウスの裏にUSBが付いているので、それをパソコンにセットするだけ。嬉しい安価で簡単に使えるコストパフォーマンスが高い。
    値段が安かったので、あまり考えないで購入したのですが、問題なく使えています。説明書が英語しかなかったので、セットする時に戸惑いました。その他は快適に使っ
ています。
前日の夕方に注文したら次の日の午前中には家に届きました。急いでいたのですごく助かりました…‼︎商品自体も特に悪いところもなく、値段も安かったので大満足です！！！
    ワイヤレスマウスを初めて購入しました。大きさも、握り心地もとてもいいです。なのに値段も手ごろで大満足です。
    非常に動きがなめらかです。設定なども不要で、USBをPCに刺すだけなので、とても楽でした。文句なしです！
質感は確かに安いって感じですが値段の割にはかなり良い商品だと思います。長く使いたいよりも、さっと使いたい時にいいと思います。どのくらい持つのか楽しみです！
    リーズナブルな価格で、良い買い物が出来ました。非常に手にしっくりくる感じで、使いやすいです。是非、オススメします。
    動作に不備はありません。
    軽いし、感度も良い。バッテリーのもちはまだ解らないが、この価格では最高や。
    触り心地もいいし使いやすい！
    職場で使っていたマウスが壊れたので急遽購入。注文した翌日にすぐ届きました。若干滑りが悪くマウスパッドが必要ではありますが、ワイヤレスでこの価格なら全然良
いと思います。
    初日から、反応がわるく、電池切れかと思い新しいのに変えましたがまたすぐ反応が悪くなりました。レビューはツリかと思います。。。。。
    この値段で気軽にワイヤレスでPCを操作できる。持った感じも良好でデザインも仕上げも安っぽさはない。耐久性はこれからですが、先ずは問題なく使えています。
    前に勝ったマウスは、すぐにロールが誤動作するようになりましたあれはダメでした今回は、ちゃんと動きます良かったです
    デザインもよく使いやすいです。面倒な設定などしなくても「進む」「戻る」ボタンが使えて便利です。価格も安く、造りもしっかりしているので、おすすめです。
    操作性やコストパフォーマンスについては申し分ないのですが手が小さいため少々握りにくく、左・右クリックがしづらいです。普通の人なら大丈夫だと思います。
    800円を切る価格で少し心配でしたがデザインも使用感も大丈夫です。女性の手には大きめですが、滑りがよいので使いやすいです。
    使用中電源が切れる
以前使用していた無線マウスはマウス側のスイッチをＯＮにするとずっと電池を消費しっぱなしだったが、このマウスは自動的にＯＦＦにしてくれるため電池が節約できる。
    少し大きかったかも。マウスパッドとの相性が悪かったみたいで、少し引っ掛かる感じがする。使い始めたばかりですが、今のところ全体的には良い感じです。
    金額を考えたら十分すぎるかと思います。進む戻るのボタンがあるのも良いです。耐久力は使ってみてのお楽しみってところです。
    hp envyに使用。USBに挿すだけで簡単。しかもマウスに収納これも便利。ゲームに使ってますが感度も良さそうです！
    楽しみにしてたのですごく残念。
    はじめは、見た感じ大きいと思いましたが、使うと手にしっくり収まってむしろ動かしやすかったです。昨日ボタンも押しやすかったです。
    Light and very handy to use. Long battery life and multiple function
    コスパよい。かるい。少し反応が弱い気もするが許容範囲内。
    左ボタンと右ボタンのクリック音が少し大きめですが、適度な大きさでスクロールもしやすく、何の問題もありません。とにかく安い。
    今までワイヤレスと5ボタンを2つ使っていましたが両方の機能があってこのお値段。☆4つは私の手にはちょっと大きかったからです。製品としては大満足です
    少し大きめのマウスだが、手になじみやすく今までのマウスより使いやすかった。
    すぐに使えて便利です、ただ、sleepモードになると電源を入れ直さなきゃいけないのが面倒！でも、節電めんでは良し！
    とても軽く、手にもフィットして使いやすいです！お値打ちだったので購入しました。
    USB端子欠品のため使用できません。付属品も必ず入っているか確認を取るべきかと思います。
    お値段以上ですね。フリーソフト(x-mouse)でカスタムもできますし、大変満足です！
    ノートパソコンのマウスが壊れたため最安値の本品を購入。必要にして十分である手へのフィット感は少し悪い気がする
    価格を考えるとコスパは良いと思います。あとはバッテリーの持ち次第ですね。
    マウスのサイズ感も程よく、男性向けだと思います。なにより、普通に使えるのにコスパがいい！！その点だけで充分だと思います。
    ロジクールのマウスが壊れた為購入しました。安かろう悪かろうと思っていたのですが使用感、感度共に大手メーカーと遜色なく使用できてます。
    使いやすいですが、少し大き目です。私にはちょうどですが。電池は付属されていません。
    低価格だが、使いやすい。usbが若干差し込みにくいが、許容範囲内。マウスにusbの収納口があるのも無くさなくて済む。
    Not included receiver
    多ボタンで低価格だったので購入しました。今のところ特に不具合もなく、コスパのいい商品だと思います。
    軽くて手にフィットする感じがとても良いですね。サイドクリックもついていて、この値段でこのクオリティーは素晴らしい。おすすめの商品です。
    価格帯で言うと安価な部類に入りますが、特に問題がなく使用できます。特段のこだわりがなく、普通のマウスが必要な方には特におすすめです。
    初めから動きは、あれっ？でしたが使用中に、あれっ？が頻発してタイトル。
    コスパよしです。他レビューの通り、クリック音は少し気になりますが、そこを差し引いても、この値段だったら、満足な品です。
    自動で電源オフされるし、サイズ感もちょうどいいです。値段も安かったし、いい買い物をしました。
    スピーディーに届けていただきました。製品もしっかりした質感で快適に使えそうです。
    サブ用に手ごろなマウスを探していました。大きさもちょうど良く、サイドボタンもついているので機能面でも十分と思います。
    ２か月使用しました。この商品に問題はありません
    マウスの調子が悪くなったので、昨日購入し、本日届き、そのマウスを使っています。まったく問題ありません。
    一ヶ月経たないうちに動作しなくなりました。
    触った感じはよさげ、耐久性や電池持ちはこれからですね
    本日、商品を受け取りました。すぐさまPCに接続し、すぐに利用できました。
    価格が安いのにとても使いやすくて、購入してよかったです！！ワイヤレスマウスはやはり使い勝手がいいですね！！
    以前使用していたLogicoolは、マウスの動きがよくありませんでした。こちらは、以前より使いやすいです。
    値段が安いのに、マウスの大きさも手にフィットし、又パソコン本体から離れた画面でも十二分に機能しており満足しています。
    ワイヤレスマウスの中でも最安値(送料込み)に等しく、いわゆる粗悪品でもないため、コスパはかなり優れていると思います。
    マックで使ってますが、特に問題なく動いています。大きさ、重さも自分的にはちょうどいい感じです。いい買い物をしました。
    すぐに届きました。耐久性などは分かりませんが、すぐに使用する事ができ、とても良かったです。
    価格からするとベストな選択でした。使いやすさにも全く問題がない。
    大きさもちょうど良くて使いやすいです。今のところは不具合もなく使えています。なんと言っても安いのでオススメです。
    普通に使えました。Office、ブラウジング、ゲームなど一般人が一般的に使う上で何も問題ありません。
    この値段でこのクォリティはすごいと思います。マウスパッドを敷かなくてもサクサク動作もします。
    安価で軽量。動きもスムーズで、手にフィットする感覚も良い。快適に使用できます。
    値段の割にとてもいいです。電池の蓋が少し硬いのが気になりましたが、定規を使って開けることができました。
    機能充実でこの価格、お買い得です。
    問題なく使えています。この価格で，この使用感はお買い得だと思います。
    私の手には丁度フィットし大変使いやすくしかもこの値段で購入出来たので大満足です！
    思ったよりも大きい感じでしたが、使いやすいです。値段を考えれば文句なしです。
    電池を含めると思ったより重く、カチカチ音が大きい....それ以外は満足です。
    当初は少し大きいかと思いましたが、逆にちょうどいい大きさで使いやすいです。
    以下に該当する人は買いです安いものがいいデザインシンプルがいい
    この金額なら文句なし。壊れないで持ってくれるか・・
    コスパ良いです。当分このマウスにお世話になります。
    使いやすいです、この値段ならお買い得です。後は耐久性ですね。
    大きさがとてもいい、ボタンが6個あり配置も良いし使いやすい
    良い商品です。日本語説明あればよりもっと良いと思います。
    軽くて使いやすいです。無線でこの値段は満足。
    配送が早く、商品もとても軽くて使いやすいです
    通常作業には問題なし
    前回買ったマウス軽いし、使いやすい、大きさもちょっといい。超お勧め
    動作は特に問題ないものの、マウスの下部分が外れやすい。
    この値段でこのパフォーマンスは正直驚きました。買ってよかったです。
    手にジャストフィットしたのが良かったです。
    値段の割に大満足！テーブルによってはパットなしでも使用できます。
    見た目は少し大きいかなと思いましたが、手に当てると、完全にフィットしました。
    購入一週間で上下スクロールがガタガタで使えない,二度と買うことはないでしょう
    何よりワイヤレスでこの価格なら問題ない、少し大きめのサイズだが私にはピッタリ
    特に悪いとこは無かったです。使いやすかったです！
    この仕様でこの値段は安い
    使用しないときは、節電しているようで電池が長時間持てそうで期待される。
    接続すればすぐに使えて簡単でした。マウス本体は大きめで使いやすいです。
    初めて買ったマウスがこれで良かった。　とても扱い使いやすい。
    ホールド感が丁度良く、操作しやすく、スムーズに使用できました。
    このお値段でこの良品はお買い得です　アマゾン様に感謝です
    安価ですが特に設定も必要なく使用できました。
    コストパフォーマンスが良いです。
    軽くて使いやすくお値段以上です。耐久性に期待します。
    安いなりの素材感ではあるが使用に問題ない
    耐久性は使用してみないとわからないので。あとは電池の持ちかな
    遅延があるそれ以外は満足サイズ的にも
    商品が届きました。コスパも良く使いやすいです。
    なによりも安い特にこだわりがないのであれば充分
    この値段でこれだけ普通に使えるなら十分です。安すぎます。
    Easy to use on work/games...
    早く届きました。安くて使いやすかったです。
    値段に対して電池の持ち、6ボタン等、充実していてよい。
    1000円以下で買えてこのパフォーマンスであれば満足
    低価格でしたが、製品がしっかりしていて高性能でした。
    軽い！（本体もクリックも）滑りがやや悪い
    早い納品でよかったです。　使いやすい。
    今のところ何の問題もなく使えています。
    注文の翌日届きました。値段の割りには使えます。
    使いやすいマウスでした。
    コストパフォーマンスからしたら最高だと思う。
    かなりコスパがいいと思います。
    使いやすくていい。
    納品も早く、安価で機能も十分で満足です。
    とても安く、使いやすいです。
    少し、大きいから残念でした。
    滑りが悪過ぎる
    もう少し小さいとなお良い
    問題なく使用できました
    マウスのクリック音が気になります
    今の所、使用感は良い。
    大変使いやすいです。
    とても良かったです
    非常に使いずらい
    軽くて持ちやすい
    すぐに使える！
    この値段で良い
    コスパが良い。
    Good.
    よかった
    説明書は英語のみでしたが、簡単に設定することができました。①マウスの裏に単3の電池を1つ入れる②
マウスの裏からUSBを取ってパソコンに差す③スイッチボタンをオンにする以上3ステップで、思った以上に簡単にできました。
    ジャンク通りでも600円のワイヤレスマウス売ってたけど、こっちの方が良さげただ大きいので手の小さい人はつらいかも届いたばかりなので耐久性はわからないが、
期待も込めて☆５質感は値段相応。過度な期待はしてなかったので不満はない。dpiは自分はわからない。サイドに戻る・進むボタンの感度も良好。遅延も気にならない（ほぼ
ない？）もう少し使って問題でなければもう一つ買おうと思う。
    899円でプライム発送してもらえる無線マウスという事で、あまり深く考えず購入しました。以前使っていた無線マウスが気に入っていましたが値上がりしてしまい、
数百円の差でしたが使い捨てのつもりで、こちらを購入してみました。結論とするとサイズ感、重さ、実用的な部分に関しては何も問題ありません。ただし、クリック音がかなり
大きいです。個人的にはクリック音はある程度あったほうが好きですが、このマウスはちょっと痛い音がします。音の高さが高いクリック音なのでそう感じるのかもしれません。
価格を考えれば問題ないのですが、次も買うかと言われたら買わないと思います。唯一の不満点は高い音のクリック音だけなので、その点が改良されれば最良の選択だと思います
。
    今まで有線のマウスを使てたのでコードが邪魔な時がありましたがコードがないのでスッキリして動かしやすいです。取説が全て英語で日本語はありません。無くてもわ
かるからいいけど。
    購入してから未開封のままで２か月経ってから使ったのですが、マウスカーソルの反応が途切れ途切れでかなりストレスでした。電池が充電切れなのかと思い、入れ替え
てみても結果は変わらず。。。。正直検索して１番安かったから買ったのですが、文字通り安物買いの銭失いです・・・
    ボタンの数と値段を考えれば確かにコスパはいい。サイドボタンの感触が明らかにプラバネなので、耐久性は低いかもしれない。でもとりあえず、の道具ならそれでも許
容できる。ただ電池が持たなすぎるのはいただけない。アルカリ新品で1週間持つか持たないか。なので充電式の電池は必須。でなければもっといいものを買ったほうが結果的に
はコストはかからないです。
    使って1日で「これは使えない」と思い、すぐに返品ページでポチっとしました。返品用のページで、バーコードの下に「使用期限：12月11日」とあったのでギリギ
リの12月10日に送ろうと思ったら、実は返品期限が12月5日で。悔しいけどゴミです。返品しようと思った理由は、エクセルで全然使えなかったから。範囲指定しようとす
ると関係ない部分しか指定できないし、もう覚えてないけどとにかく「使えねー」でした。他の作業では使えるのかな。とりあえずこのショップは覚えておいて、二度と買わない
ようにします。
    予備で購入しました。進む、戻るボタンもあり使いやすいマウスです。PCのマウス機能からポインターの速度を調整しなくもスクロールボタンの後ろのボタンで３段階
のポインター速度を調整できます。コストパフォーマンスの高いマウスです。
    何よりコスパがいいです。見た目もいい感じです。大きいので、がっちり持った時私の場合に親指のボタンの位置がいいです。ディスクトップで使いたいと思います。電
池は単三１本です。
    小さ過ぎず、大き過ぎず、ちょうど良いサイズ感です。反応もスムーズで、スクロールボタンもサイド←→機能も問題ありませんでした。安価でも気に入りました❗️バ
ッテリーの持ちこれからですが、単三電池大量にあるので気になりません。
    購入後早速使用しましたが　　ポインタースムーズ性が良く気に入っています。又もう１台購入を考えています。
    この値段で普通に使えますので、コスパよいです。バッテリーは今後様子を見たいと思います。
    握りやすくて使いやすいです👍サイドボタンも押しやすくていい所しかないです😁
    機能に問題なし。静音、特にホイール音が静か。建付けもしっかりしている。永く使えそう。
    凄くスマートで使いやすいです　
    他商品と比較し色々悩みましたが買ってよかったです。
    わりに使いやすい
    I bought this to team up with an aluminium mouse mat for my laptop and I'm
absolutely delighted with it, it's really comfy and easy to use the aet up
really simple so simple I could do it and believe me I am useless with tech
stuff, it connected to my laptop straight away I love how the little USB
connector was in a small compartment underneath which is great if you travel and
take it all with you just pop it back in and no fear of it being lost this is a
sure fire winner I highly recommend this mouse and it's a fab price you cant go
wrong it's really good quality
    I was looking for a wireless mouse and I came across this absolute bargain
on amazon. I ordered 2 as I needed one each for my desktop and one for a friends
laptop. The instructions are quite clear and all you have to do is insert one
AAA battery. Then connect the little USB connector,and that is it. I've tested
both of them and they work flawlessly and I like that there is an on off button
as well. Absolute bargain for the price and I ordered via click and collect for
next day delivery to my local shop. Great product and quality from the seller.
    Very easy to set up.  Good to go.  Job done. Recommend this products
    Received the wireless mouse yesterday. Bear in mind that it does not include
batteries and this was already mentioned in the order details. The instructions
were very clear in the pack including how to remove the micro-receiver from the
mouse and inserted this to my PCThis is day 1 of using it and so far, I am happy
with the feel of the mouse when I am using it to work on my PCGiving it 5 stars
based on overall rating which includes value for money, ease of use and
comfortable. included a picture of the mouse on the mat.
    I've bought a couple of cheap wireless mice over the years, but this one is
actually pretty good compared to the others.I've had Tecknet and PATUOXUN (with
the T logo) - both were too small for my hand (19x10cm).I was sceptical at £7
for this Jukstg but am pleasantly surprised.  Light weight, nice shape.Clicks
are a little loud, and it does have a cheap plastic feel. But £7? It's
great.Might purchase another as a gift for Christmas.Hard to say what it'll be
like for gaming. I assume it has a low polling rate etc. But for basic games and
nothing competitive I'm sure it'll be fine. Edit: polling rate seems to be
around 250.. pretty low and super noticeable in games I tested. Fine for very
casual play, but nothing like a shooter.
    A very good mouse i can say its very comfortable, smooth and easy to use it
saves the battery and turns off when not in use straight away only a click away
and its awake straight away overall a cracking priced stylish computer mouse i
would definately recommened this to fellow people, its just what i needed i am
very,very please with this product and the service be happy to buy from again in
the future, go on buy yourself one you wont regret it.A+++++++++++++ top seller
:):):)
    I was skeptical about this mouse given the price paid but was pleasantly
surprised just how good it was! One of my pet hates in mice is if the shell
feels warm or unpleasant to the touch, so the smooth exterior was a relief to
see. Matte casings are ok but I prefer my hand be able to breathe when using it.
Which this allows, very nicely. The size is overall good, slim but not too slim
and a decent length. I would've preferred a mouse that's a little more full-size
(i.e. like 4cm thick) but that's only as I favour a claw-like grip; but this one
is fine. I've used mice that have very poor in this regard (Logitech's Pebble
mouse is one I've just had to submit a return for, this very reason;
uncomfortably thin!). I encountered no problems when connecting and there were
no droputs or anything, all fine in that aspect too. So, this little beauty gets
my vote :)
    For a cheap mouse this really fitted the bill. for people with larger hands
it is quite wide but very flat, so does not take up much space in the laptop
bag, also having a silent click is good when in the company of others.a good
product at a good price
    Very nice and simple mouse, packaged in environmentally friendly cardboard.
Very easy to setup and use - just remove the battery cover, insert just one AA
battery and plug in the USB dongle to your PC. It's plug and play so it works
instantly. Excellent value for money and fine to use. Happy to recommend
    Absolute waste of money, arrived faulty, manual missing and cover part of
optic sensor missing,Dongle also faulty - windows wont even detect it!!Dont
waste your money!!!Quality is poor, feels flimsy, even in working condition it
would be over priced in a pound shop!!Ideal item for taking up space in your
wheelie bin!Now the decision -  do I waste time and fuel driving to a drop of
point to return an item that should be checked prior to dispatch or do I just
bin it immediately and lose my money! I really dont understand why amazon cant
also collect faulty products, only deliver them.
    JUKSTG Wireless Mouse, Portable Silent Mice With Nano USB Receiver,2.4G Slim
Wireless Mice,1600 DPI,3 Buttons Really good basic wireless mouse. I have no
issues with it and easy to set up.Just plug play also work with rechargeable AA
battery.
    If your looking for a cheap basic wireless mouse then this is ideal.This is
a full sized mouse with a USB dongle and is powered by 1 x AA battery.  Set up
is very easy, its plug and play, insert battery, insert dongle, wait for Windows
to set up dongle, then switch on mouse.The mouse is comfortable to use and is
ideal for general computer work and all the buttons are precise.  The battery
life is extended by the auto shutdown of the mouse after non use.Highly
recommended.
    This was an absolutely inspired buy ... my old mouse was playing up because
the wire was a bit dodgy so I thought I'd try this wireless one. It's brilliant
and I found it really simple to set up (note: I am not the most technically
gifted person). It was so reasonably priced I can't imagine why I didn't get it
months ago.  I'm thrilled to bits with it and its performance.
    I like the minimalist design and that the mouse wheel is perfectly accurate.
Many mice that I tried suffer from poor mouse wheel, e.g. you would try to
scroll down and instead the page would jump up and down.  This one has a perfect
mouse wheel, and perfect front/back page buttons.But I must say the wireless
performance is pretty bad.  It keeps losing connection and then reconnecting.
Which is annoying because the mouse pointer freezes during this.  And it
sometimes happens several times per minute.  It also drains battery pretty quick
compared to some other mice.
    I had a requirement to work from Home.I already have wireless mouse in
office,  so could not get used to using mouse pad on laptop.So decided to look
for a cost effective mouse for home use.Saw the reviews and decided for the cost
there was little to loose.Item arrived on time and well packed.No battery
included but takes a standard AA.Added the wireless sender / receiver to free
usb report and mouse worked immediately.So far so good, works well and is
exactley what I needed.100% recommend
    I'm really pleased with this mouse. I had one previously which was slightly
smaller. I got the smaller one as I didn't really think the size mattered... :)…
BUT the size of the mouse turned out to give me wrist problems as it was too
short. This one is much better as the heel of my hand fits onto the back of the
mouse which means my wrist is at a more ergonomic angle. The mouse is light and
easy to move around which again helps with any RSI issues. Would recommend this
mouse as excellent value for money.
    This mouse costs less than £5 but delivers everything I wanted in a wireless
mouse.  It connected immediately with my Windows 10 PC and has a few extra
features that I did not have in my previous mouse, such as the front and back
button, which enables you to move "front" and "back" in a browser.  Even though
I have not obviously used it long enough to drain the battery, I rated the
battery life as 5, because (a) the mouse seems to switch off automatically when
my PC goes to sleep and (b) it uses a single AA battery, which I have more of
around that house that the two AAA batteries I needed for my previous mouse. All
in all, an excellent buy.
    This is a decent mouse for it's really low price. I wasn't expecting the
world, but it does the job well. Only 4 stars because I've had to unplug it and
plug it in to get it to re-connect sometimes - but at this price tags not a huge
problem.
    It fits comfortably in the hand and is well made. They are very affordable
and probably will last as long as more expensive mouses, in my experience, and
in my opinion. Also, very easy to install on my laptop. The only minor problem I
had was removing the battery cover as I have weak nails, but with the use of a
very small screwdriver I was able to remove it easy-peasy!
    The ordered arrived quickly. Setting it up took less than a minute and
worked straightaway with a mac laptop. However, for reasons unknown to me, it
cuts itself off and disconnects. I put a brant new battery in and this should be
enough to get the mouse going for months (supposedly has a long battery life?!)
I am really frustrated that every few minutes I have to turn it on/off to get
the connection re-established.
    Is this the greatest mouse you will ever use? No.But, if you just want a
useable, comfortable, everyday mouse then this is perfectly good. Not precise
enough for first person gaming, but if you were expecting it to be at this
price, then frankly go give yourself a good talking to.If, however you just want
a mouse for day to day PC/Laptop use and have no intention of using it for
playing Call of Duty, then this mouse is amazing. It does everything you expect
from a mouse and even has extra buttons for going forward or back when browsing
and for adjusting the dpi.At this price why wouldn't you buy it? This is a
wireless mouse for less than the price of a large coffee!
    This mouse arrived yesterday and was the quickest set up imaginable.  I
plugged in the do-dah (I think the technical term may be receiver but I'm not
very technical) and by the time I had put a battery into the mouse everything
was good to go.  It's easy and comfortable to use.  It's also excellent value
but as yet I can't comment on the battery life.
    I was annoyed at my husband for dropping my last mouse but after receiving
this one and using for only a few minutes, its the best thing he ever did.This
mouse is so comfortable , I have arthritic fingers but this mouse just fits
under my hand nicely.  It is very responsive  and all the buttons work!I am so
pleased I bought this.
    The first few weeks this worked great no issues. Then I have had to replace
the battery twice and now no matter what I try the mouse no longer connects to
the wireless USB. In all this has lasted me about a month and a half.
Disappointed, and now I am going to have to try and find another replacement and
more unnecessary money to pay.
    I bought this as my iMac that's sat for years (with internal issue) I wanted
to clear and make sure no data can be accessible once I trade/sell it.  My Mac
mouse just won't work.  so bought this and I can say it arrived very quickly and
it worked instantly.  allowing me to do what I needed to.  I recommend this
product to anyone.
    I purchased this for my father to use. I love the fact that the wifi USB can
be placed within a compartment in the mouse itself. It is easy to use and he
picked up how to use it very easily. It feels very comfortable in your had and
is comfortable to use. I am thinking of getting another for myself.  Would
highly recommend it.
    This is very lightweight even when there is a battery. Good Bluetooth
connection. Feels a little flimsy though, like it would smash into a thousand
little mices. Not used it for gaming yet hence the no stars but only gave 3stars
for battery life as it depends on what battery you use. According to the advert,
the battery with the running bunny is a good start.
    Just got this so can't comment on battery life, I like the on/off switch
though which will help to conserve it. Can't comment on gaming either as I don't
do it. Very easy to install, anyone can do it, even non-savvy pc folk like me!
Seems nice to use, first wireless mouse I've had, and I much prefer not having
the cable. Very happy with this.
    I'm very happy with my new "JUKSTG", wireless mouse. Its slimline design
fits my hand and is very comfortable to use. So far it has functioned perfectly,
the quick scroll wheel makes zooming up or down a web page simplicity itself and
the "slow scroll" function makes reading longer articles very easy. At just
under £5 I'd say that it is better than just value for money and is more like a
right bargain. I'm very happy to recommend this mouse to others.
    You can spend a lot of wireless mice these days from big brand names, but
this product goes to show that spending more does not necessarily guarantee
quality above other brands that you may not have already heard of. This product
is a fine example of example of this - a good price, nice to use and does a good
job!
    1For the price you cannot go wrong.  I like the feature it turns off to save
on battery is a great feature.The ergonomics are good however just me i have
smooth hands and this is a smooth mouse so i just like a bit rough surface BUT
it does not deter from the quality of the mouse.Overall, i am very happy for the
price i paid.  It seems sturdy, worked on my 3 laptops.  The accuracy of the
mouse is good too! the mouse is better than my old lenovo mouse which seem to be
a bit less ergonomic and lacked the feel.No complaints i would recommend this
wireless mouse.
    I have a number of wireless mice for work and home laptops. This one is one
of the best I have though, its sleek, comfortable and fits my hand well. It's
too early to comment on battery life, but with the addition of an on/off switch
I expect it will outlast some of the others which tend to get knocked on in my
bag.  So overall I am very happy with my purchase.
    Took 2 days to arrive.......by Amazon Prime!  When it finally came this
product is cheap and nasty.  So i'm very surprised if all the reviews on here
are genuine.  The spring in the battery compartment was damaged and pointing
upwards so wouldn't hold the battery in place.  Unfortunately it was also
completely inaccessible so impossible to correct so live end of the battery was
not connecting properly and hence no power to the mouse. Cheap crap BEWARE!!!!
    Really odd product. I use it for all round PC work, Office, Gaming and
working on the Internet.Sometimes it works fine, then suddenly its reactions go
slow, the left mouse button ceases to work and it generally ceases to function
well at all.Not recommended...even at the cheap price
    My previous USB mouse gave up and funds are very tight so i went for this
wireless option.WOW! prompt delivery and so easy to use. It was a very
reasonable price and i feel it is so smooth and light and easy for my
arthriris-y fingers to manage!I would definitely recommend!!!
    Absolutely brilliant design. All the functions work well and the device
links automatically with the PC when you insert the bluetooth receiver; no setup
software needed.Only complaint is with Amazon delivery driver who I watched
circling my address all day on the tracking map delivering other items until
after the delivery time Amazon stated, then left a sodden cardboard package that
felt like he'd dumped it in a puddle.Fortunately the contents were undamaged and
I'm delighted with the mouse.
    Great priced mouse, easy to set up and away you go. I like that it goes to
sleep when not being used. The only thing, I didn't properly read the
instructions, and when I saw no usb nano in the box or taped to the mouse I got
impatient. So please know the nano usb is underneath the mouse at the bottom,
and you just pull it out and put in your pc.
    It's a good mouse. Takes 1 AA battery, is very light, and works without a
mouse pad on my desk, so is an improvement to my old mouse.  The button to
change the DPI is useful, and there have been occasions in the past when i
wanted to change what will now take me the click of a button. Would buy again!
    Great mouse - exactly what I wanted. Clicks are barely noticeable as per
description. I like the sleek look and it grips very comfortably. The only thing
is, i have recently noticed that it keeps freezing half way the task so not sure
the battery is low which it is not very economical as I had it for just over a
month, or it is just faulty. But otherwise, happy with the purchase.
    Why would anyone pay a fortune for a new wireless mouse when you can
purchase this one for less than a fiver including next day delivery. I received
this one, inserted a battery plugged it in and perfect. Works well and feels
good. Cannot find any negative points to mention.
    I needed a replacement mouse quickly so ordered this on prime next day
delivery, opened the box plugged dongle in and put old used AA battery in and
windows 10 Regegnised it straight away, been using it a while now on same
battery and works great, don't even need to use a mouse pad and it's still
running off old battery
    Cannot comment on battery life and gaming etc as I wanted to use it for
everyday life at work but it lasted 10 seconds. The very second I got it out the
box it didnt work. The left click button keeps sticking meaning it is now
useless.
    Quick delivery, design is ergonomic and comfortable to use.  I cannot
comment on the gaming side of it as I don't play games and as I have just
started using it, I can not comment on battery life.  I am pleased with my
purchase and would recommend the mouse.
    This mouse has all the buttons and fuctions I can desire. It is ergonomic
for my hand, it is a medium-large size mouse (ab. 12 cm long). Battery life
seems pretty good, months of every day use. It also goes to sleep automatically.
A really good buy.
    Yes, it is plasticky and cheap, but, it IS CHEAP including delivery !!Soon
get used to the weight. Size is fine. Buttons fast and responsive, tracking
excellent.Best of all....it turns off after a few minutes when not used, saving
battery, woken up with a button press.
    I think this product is fantastic! It does exactly what is promised, it’s a
wireless mouse that connected to my work tablet instantly, no set up or download
any drivers or anything. Just had to plug in a AA battery and plug in the little
USB port and you’re all set to go. I love the buttons are soft so you don’t have
the whole ‘click click’ annoying sound! I’d highly recommend the product and
this company. Free prime delivery and here the next day! Thank you.
    It worked straight out of the box, only had to put in an AA battery. Its
says I will get a £5 Amazon gift voucher if I write a 5 star review. I would
have written one anyway. I will keep you posted about how it performs long term,
but atm well pleased
    Love my new mouse.  It has six easy to use buttons. Four on top which are
the left and right button, the scroll buttonand the DPI button, it means you can
change the speed of the mouse's on-screen movements by simply pressing the
button. The two left buttons on the side are forwards and backwards. Never had a
mouse with more than three buttons before but really enjoying these extra
features. And of course the price is amazing
    Loved it when it first arrived, really fast delivery as my old one died on
me, but glad I didn't write a review straight away because now the mouse is lazy
and I have to bang it gently on the desk to get it to wake up, it just forgets
what it's job it, ordering a different one
    I bought this as a back up mouse for my work laptop. Considering I used it
only a handful of times I changed the battery twice and it stopped working when
I needed it after a short period of time. I have thrown it in the bin.
    Just stopped working. I've rebooted, changed the battery, put the bluetooth
dongle in a different USB port, etc but nothing. Was great before that but I
can't work out what has gone wrong.  Will look for a different brand :/
    This arrived quickly and is so easy to use.  It is just the right size for
me.  You just remove the small USB - plug into your laptop ,  add an AA battery
to the mouse and it works straight away.  Really pleased - so easy to use.
    Was looking for something to carry out with me and wireless was the way to
go. This mouse is light, works perfectly and does the job well. Is very
comfortable to hold which is important for daily use. Would definitely recommend
for comfort and ease of use.
    I like the shape and size of this mouse, it's bigger than my old one,  which
is another reason I like it, and it's very comfortable to work with. Very easy
to set up, just plug in and click to go.Even a non-techy like me can set this
up!!
    Ordered this quite late yesterday evening and received it this afternoon.
Great little mouse. More than happy with it. For £5.88 you can't go wrong. Only
been using it for a couple of hours but can't fault it so far.
    Given the price of this mouse, I was somewhat sceptical that it was going to
be any good. I have bought others for a similar price and they have been pretty
rubbish so this was my last attempt before I spent big.I'm certainly NOT
disappointed :)The mouse sits really well in my hand, not too small and not too
big. It glides nice and smooth across my desk and it's really responsive, both
with clicks of the buttons and moving the cursor.I'm well happy with this
purchase and I definitely recommend it :D
    Mouse worked fine for a couple of months. Now it randomly starts and stops
working. I changed the battery, laptop recognises the dongle but mouse doesn't
communicate with it then a few hours later it works again.
    Perfect for my PC. Quick to install/connect and Easy to use. Very affordable
compare to other expensive ones.Now I can control from anywhere in my room. But
mind it that it needs 1x AA Battery. Perfect, Very happy.
    These are great for putting in your laptop bag and using when out and about,
nice shape and <- -> buttons are a great help.If you use a PC all day, I'd
suggest you pay more and get a better one ;)
    I have used a variety of wireless mice.  This one I find comfortable in my
hand. If it's left to rest a while, a little shake wakes it up and side button
takes you one step back.  I'm very happy with my purchase
    This wireless mouse is excellent value for money and works as well as more
expensive brands. It is a full size mouse, so best for adult hands, but all the
buttons are responsive. I particularly like that the usb dongle can be stored
within the mouse, so less danger of losing it! Too early to comment on battery
life but it can be switched off when not in use so this should help.
    This mouse is horrible, it really is one of the worst i've ever used, so
badly designed that accidental clicks occur frequently but the worst thing is
the response & feedback from the scroll wheel it is just hideous, its an all
round awful experience with noisiest mouse. It belongs only in one place, the
dustbin.
    I received this today and so far all seems good. Great value, easy set
up.Very simple to set up.Take mouse out box.Put a battery in (batteries not
included as part of the order)Pull out the wireless USB connectorPlug it into
computer and there you go!
    These are not worth even the low price they are. You will probably spend
more fixing the broken window you attempt to throw these through. They stick and
judder frequently. Lift them up and you will find the laser has stopped. tried
multiple devices with all kinds of batteries. All similar poor performance. I
wanted a cheap mouse but thought they would be reliable. Waste of money. Will
drive you mad.
    The only reason that I have given this 2 stars, rather than 1, is because I
am probably unlucky. The fact is that it just doesn't work.  It clicks, scrolls,
but doesn't move the cursor.  I assume the sensor is faulty. More waste plastic.
    To be honest this is a really annoying mouse. The wireless connection is
poor and I often have to switch it on and off again to make the cursor move, no
matter how new the batteries are. The little button on the inside left where
your thumb rests is very easy to press by accident, which acts as a 'Back'
button when you're using a Web browser. If you're trying to stream a film or
something this can be frustrating.
    I've had this mouse just since 12th September and already it is not working.
Utter rubbish, thin plastic and feels like it will fall apart at any moment.
Can't see how to return this item at all.
    I wasn't too sure what to expect for the price but I am really impressed.
The mouse is much better than my previous one (which I only replaced because I
found the flashing blue light of the receiver distracting). This one has a nano
receiver and no flashing light at all, you don't even notice it. I plugged it in
my Windows 10 laptop, switched the laptop on and the mouse worked straight away.
So far I am very happy with it. It also only uses one battery (bonus as my
previous one used two).
    This mouse has been great for all of my engineering assignments. when we do
computer modelling. It is very comfortable to use, even after several hours of
use. The buttons work really well, and I really like the overall ergonomics of
the product. It even has its own energy saving mode. If the mouse hasn't been
used for a few minutes, then it will put itself to sleep, and you just need to
click on it to wake it up again. Would highly recommend for a good mouse that
won't break the bank.
    If you want a non-click mouse this is the one for you. Find yourself annoyed
by your own clicking mouse or a colleagues. Treat them to this mouse, a great
value gift that will stop this annoying feature. It is also wireless which is
very handy.
    I was looking for a mouse to replace my previous mouse I'd had for over 10
year;, big shoes to fill but this mouse has more than filled them.  I wish I
bought a second for more pc as well as the one I got for my laptop.  Set up was
so quick and easy, you don't need the instructions.  The hardest part was
getting the back of the battery cover. :) If you need a wireless mouse, you
can't go wrong with this one.
    Love this mouse. It's really responsive and very easy to set up. I now sit
on the sofa and use the mouse on the arm.I've been using it for a while and
there is no problem with the batteries. Looks like it shuts down if it's not
used for a while to conserve the batteries.Should have bought this a long time
ago :)
    i am very pleased with the mouse so easy to use the price is good to i would
buy again not used it for gaming so can not comment as i have just got it so
again i can not comment on battery life
    Excellent product, great value and helping have slot for USB connector to be
stored in when not in use. However after two months is simply stopped working-
very disappointed - definitely some questions about build quality
    This is a great little tool. Easy to use & great value for money. Comes with
clear instructions & does the job well. The set up was very simple. It has a
nice feel & responds well. Light and smooth. We received prompt delivery.
Wireless is so adaptable to every day needs. I feel the importance of a review
is not a long list on the specification but it functionality, this gives a great
performance & it worth every penny. I totally recommend buying this product.
    Quite cheap for a reason; it failed within days pl;us the USB was mis-sized
and very difficult to put in a regular USB slot. Good service from the vendor
though, refunded immediately.
    This product has been easy to use.  Just take the USB connector out of the
bottom and plug it in your computer, put a battery in the mouse, turn it on and
you’re good to go.Very pleased.
    great budget wireless mouse does what i need as a spare for the laptop. came
with a money off voucher too in return for a fivestar review. (not the reason I
give a five star review but very generous none the less)
    Just what I needed at a great price.Simply plugged the micro USB into my
laptop and it connected to the mouse immediatelyGreat feel and controlWould
recommend
    I ordered 2 of these after reading the reviews. I've been using these for a
few days and so far so good. Set up was plugin and go and took a few second .The
battery saving feature is brilliant
    This is a fantastic devise, and excellent value for money.I needed a cheap
mouse for working from home and reviews suggested this was a good one to go
for.It is really easy to set up - just plug and play - has an auto off function
to conserve battery life, and even features an on/off button to ensure the mouse
does not activate when you don't want it to.Feels sturdy in the hand when using
it, and buttons are very responsive.Very happy with this product.
    After some poor choices with my previous mouse I'm very happy with this new,
smooth, silent, pro mat mouse.Love the feel and the smooth way it works.
Definitely highly recommended- 5 star revue, no problem, and excellent value for
money
    I was so surprised at how good this mouse is, its fantastic for the price I
am so pleased with it.....I ordered it yesterday and received today, I wasn't
sure if it would work with windows 10 but it works perfectly. I give the company
and the product 5 stars I will deffo buy off this company again in the
future....
    Nice, solid mouse. Fits in the palm of my hand very well. Was an absolute
breeze to set up i.e. just inserted battery - not supplied - and plugged in the
dongle and off I went ! Does what is supposed to!
    This mouse works very well, it's very responsive and feels nice to the touch
- it sits comfortably in my hand and I am happy with it.
    This mouse is incredibly effective and efficient. It is so easy to use and
straightforward. It has made my life so much easier when I am working on my
Laptop. I love this product and highly recommend it. You won't be disappointed.
    You have to take the battery out after every use otherwise it will drain the
battery even when its not on. Absolutely useless. I gave it 2 stars because it
technically works.
    Arrived the day after ordering it.  Nice and sturdy and comfortable to use.
The only reason I went one star down on the Easy to use is that I struggled to
get the battery compartment open.  It does the job and I am very pleased with it
and the service.
    Great value wireless mouse. I thought it didn't work when I first tried it
but you only need to click right or left to activate it. Works grand, good
signal and response.
    A great product, does everything you need it to. Clumsily, I have dropped it
on the ground numerous times, still works perfectly fine. I’ll give it an A* for
durability. To add to this, it fits in my rather oddly shaped hand as if it were
custom made, superb! Lastly, the battery life lasts a significantly long time.
I’m convinced that the next time the batteries inside my mouse will run out of
power, Will Smith will have bought himself some anti-ageing cream. 5/5.
    I would not recommend it for people with small hands.Update: I bought it
exactly month ago and stopped working this morning. Would not recommend for
people with small or big hands
    Does exactly what it says on the tin and more, given it's battery powered I
love the fact that goes into standby mode if unused for a while and wakes up
again immediately you press a mouse button, brill.
    I use this mouse for work purposes. It is small and neat and comfortable to
use. I have not had it for long but so far I have been very impressed. I will
never use it for gaming so I have not scored it for that. Too early to say I
would buy again but no reason at this stage for me to say I would not.
    Don't expect this to scream quality, maybe I've been using my G502 for too
long but this looks and feels "cheap" thogh cheap is exactly what it is. Got
this to use on a worstation in my FBA prep center, does the job well, a bit big
for use with laptop if you like something smaller and more "packable"
    I have gone through a few mouses in my time from cheap to expensive, wired
to wireless and this mouse is amongst the best I've used. Designed perfectly,
feel like a quality product and works a treat.
    Great product to use as a wireless mouse. it has been very handy and
comfortable to use, the wireless feature means no tangling and portable to carry
about whenever and wherever. It is very user friendly with the hand and very
easy to maneuver.  it was so good, I had to get another one for my wife once she
used mine and wanted to keep it for herself. So now we have one mouse each and
both enjoying the use of it every single day. A very nice purchase.
    i wanted a wireless mouse straight away but only had £5 in the bank. I found
this product thinking that it would just get me buy til i could find a better
one. The product has just arrived and i can safely say it is just as good as any
other i have had in the past. I literally took the mouse out of the packaging,
inserted 1 AA battery and plugged in the usb port. The mouse synced straight
away. I am really happy with my purchase.
    Great mouse, I like that it only requires 1 AA battery not 2 AAA's like my
last one and the mouse wheel is really smooth. Overall I'm very pleased with
this product.
    I have used this mouse almost daily for over a month now and am pleased to
say I have had no issues with it and find it very easy to use. Would happily buy
again as it performs well especially considering the price paid.
    Setting it up was easy. Worked immediately less  than a minute and was using
along with a ‘Macbook Pro’ laptop. Unfortunately, for reasons unknown to me, it
cuts itself off and disconnects.  Changed batteries - long life batteries.  Very
disappointed……  I have put  brand  new  battery in and  I am really frustrated
that every few minutes I have to turn it on/off to get it to  re-establish.
Stopped working all together – purchased in May 2020.
    What can I say,The mouse arrived in good time on the right date, it was
almost half the price of other options, works great, has features I wasn't
expecting. small enough to fit easily into my laptop bag.Why would you consider
anything else
    My Son wanted a wireless mouse for his laptop............. He was so so
pleased with it.He tells me all he friends love it.No problems recommending this
product
    Great! Does what it says it does, ever so simple to get going and a good
feel when using. The click when using the button could be quieter, but hope that
may get so after more use. Have bought again.
    Worked fine for about 2 months, then the issues started. Some days it just
didn't work, I thought it was battery so I changed few times but no luck. Tried
on other pc and laptops, looks like it just died for good. Wasted money
    All ok, nothing wrong with it. I'm just using it with PC for basic functions
so I cannot really leave a detailed review. It still works so all good.
    I've changed my rating as after about a month and a bit the mouse stopped
working properly (It would need a new battery every week) and now it does not
want to work at all. Otherwise this mouse wss amazing! Great value for money!!
It did the job perfectly and you don't hear it when you click.
    I bought the wireless mouse because my one broke.  I ordered this mouse and
I was so impressed.  It connects within seconds and was also impressed with the
simple instructions on how to use it.  It was value for money and has a shiny
outer which makes it looks expensive.  It is definitely worth buying and I would
highly recommend. 
    I needed to replace the non-wireless mouse with a wireless one. This one is
perfect.  However, I would not have minded paying a little extra for it to be
sold with the battery.
    Was great when arrived and good product, however the first time I went to
take it out, only part of it came out and the reminder stayed in, I tried to get
it out and it was just damaging it so I decided to just leave it in permanently.
However now I'm sending the laptop in for repairs and need to remove it. It
won't come out so I'm gonna have to keep trying and will most likely end up
braking it in the process so for me was a waste of money.
    Excellent mouse. Plug and play so super easy to use (if you put the battery
in the right way!). I’m using it for graphic design and it’s perfect, very
responsive.
    It's very light, very ergonomic and easy to use. Rolls easily without
catching, and the clicky noise when you click isn't too loud.Insert a battery,
insert the dongle into a USB slot and off you go.....really simple.
    This mouse is very easy to use and a really good price. My son is very
pleased with it as now he can use it with his new gaming laptop. Also delivery
was very quick.
    I love this mouse, it’s incredibly easy to use, all you do is plug in the
USB tab that is conveniently stored in the bottom of the mouse and it works
instantly. I haven’t had any problems with it at all. If I had any gripe with it
at all I’d say that the buttons are slightly loud but it’s nothing major.
Definitely worth the money and I highly recommend it to anyone.
    Great mouse for the price. Worked straight away, no connection issues. I've
used it every day the last week without a hitch (do note that you need to click
the button to reactivate after computer sleeps). I previously bought a more
expensive Logitech wireless mouse having had a small wired Logitech for years.
It kept disconnecting and giving issues. This one isn't quite as ergonomic, but
overall is better than the average office mouse and works without a hitch.
    A couple of months after purchase (and I've been using it almost on a daily
basis for gaming) it started to smell like something was melting or burning, and
I discovered that the metal bits connecting battery are very hot to touch and
smell. I tried another battery but it was the same. Thrown away...
    Bought this as a replacement for a logitech wireless mouse. Not the same
quality and sensitivity doesn't seem as good, but for the price, it's good and
would recommend.
    Arrived on time.Easy to hold.Battery life is up to the user based of course
on which brand battery is used-so no issue there.haven't rated Ergonomics cos
just received the mouse but i really don't forsee any issues on account of how
easy it is to hold.
    I’d say buy this rather than buying a well known brand. You don’t need to
give extra pounds for no reason. The only reason I’d suggest you buy something
else if you want an ergonomic vertical mouse, that’s it!
    I got it same day, opened the box, inserted a battery, plugged it in and
started using it - as perfectly uncomplicated as a mouse should be. Very happy
customer.
    Very good piece of kit. Very sturdy and well built with good hand control
positioning. Looks more expensive than it was. Recommended.
    Nice, economical and affordable piece of kit which des the job it's supposed
to and very comfortable to hold. Delivery was very prompt, actually before
promised delivery date. Quick and efficient service.
    Item is just as described and looks just the picture very happy with it and
the delivery was super fast and was kept informed of when my delivery would be
ever step by email would definitely recommend this product and seller.
    I bought this item around the beginning of lockdown since I forgot my
original (and much more expensive!) mouse at the office hoping that I would not
need this one for long. However this one completely turned out to be beyond my
expectations. Since I am not using this for gaming, I could not give 5 stars for
that category however this is great value for money.
    i received my mouse today and the look and feel are nice but i set it up and
the mouse clicked but the cursor did not work at all, i looked through setting
on my laptop but found no way of making it work so i believe the mouse hardware
is defective
    The wireless mouse was delivered promptly. What was described by the seller
was correct and been able to use it without any problems.
    Just the right weight to glide around a mouse mat. Feels comfortable and
very responsive, so good I bought one for my wife ! Highly recommend it, so good
for the price too.
    Not sure if it is due to the mouse or the laptop (which is new), this mouse
keeps freezing evey so often. Other than that it is nice to use.
    I'm very happy with this product. The battery lasts for a long time and it
fits perfectly in my hand (however I have quite small hands). It is not very
silent, but it doesn't bother me as I'm mostly using it at home.
    Great mouse at a great price. Does everything better than a wired mouse,
without the wire faffing about. Highly recommend this mouse.
    Works well, great price, a little bigger than I thought but that's fine for
me. Arrived very quickly and well packed
    Dispatched and arrived quickly. It does seem a little light and flimsy. But
I think will do the job I'm after. I don't do gaming on the laptop so don't know
how it will cope with that for anyone else.It's comfortable in my hand and I
have big numb hands. The wheel and buttons work smoothly overall very nice
    The mouse is very comfortable to use and works well. It also arrived very
quickly and is excellent value for money.
    Although we can't review the battery life just yet as we have only been
using it 3 days, we can't fault anything else about it.It works exactly as it
should and is responsive and accurate to movement. We have even been using the
mouse on the carpet and against our clothes and it works perfectly. Very happy
and very good value for money!
    Far surpassed my expectations as it's quicker re-acting than my wired mouse.
Particularly like the unobtrusive USB port which is very unlikely to get broken
or get in the way. Excellent price, too.
    The mouse is one of the best mouse I've ever used to hold on to.It's a bit
bigger in size which is perfect for my works from home system. Unlike the other
cheap flat mouses I've ordered in the past which used to give pain on the back
of my palm, this moulds on your palm.Brilliant value for money!
    Good product and size is good for a person who can't handle.small items in
their hands!So far been using it. Is good
    It worked for like 10 seconds and then stopped working. Replaced the baterry
as well and still doesn't want to work. What a load of s**t!I don't understand
how this product even has so many good reviews, but I will be sending mine for a
full refund.
    Fastest delivered, easiest to set-up, simplest most mousiest mouse I could
have wished for, bargain at twice the price!!
    + Does the job.+ Cheap price -£4.88+ Easy set up+ Value for money- clicks
are loud
    Delivered next day, well packed, plugged in a single AA battery, unclicked
wifi dongle from base, plugged it in and it recognised right away.Nice low
profile feel and very comfortable operation. 5 stars. Very happy.
    I was looking for a replacement mouse and couldn't ignore this one, the
price is excellent, it arrived the next day and I was using it within minutes as
set-up was simple, just plug in and turn on.  So far so good!
    Got two of these and one of them works well yet the other has constantly a
problem with connecting to the computer-couldnt be bothered returning it tho
    A quality product for a great price. Easy to set up and works perfectly.
Comfortable to use and navigate screens. I bought this to use controlling my
CCTV - just the job. Would definitely recommend.
    Arrived as stated and very comfortable to use thank you will definitely
recommend to friends and family
    Been a lifeline since lockdown as too difficult to use laptop without a
mouse. Much better than another mouse I ordered which only lasted a couple of
months.
    It works fine for a mouse, but if you really want a mouse that works, it
works. the side buttons are really spacey and when it is left for a few mintues,
it takes a second to "wake-up" which is not great.if you want a decent mouse,
spend a little more and it'll be worth it.
    Just the job for a Lady of advanced years very easy to use and get around
her laptop without problems
    This is a well sized mouse and really good quality especially for the price.
It's comfortable to use, 3 dpi settings and browser back and forward buttons.
There is also built in storage for the wireless dongle too. Battery life has
been brilliant so far had it 2 weeks of constant use and still going strong.Very
impressed with it and well worth the money.
    I really like value this product offers, for the price the performance is
great and hence I bought 2.Definitely recommended
    Needed something cheap but reliable for the work laptop whilst working from
home. This has been perfect :-)
    great mouse, nice & sturdy, the click is very quiet, the hand fits nicely
round it, its got a nice grip to
    Works great so far-couple of weeks in. Just pop USB thingymabob in and off
you go. Very good value.
    When using this mouse, it just gives you this premium feel about it for
example even the way you click or scroll with it, it's just so smooth. It is
good looking and perfect fit for a hand. Also another good quality was how it
stores the USB  chip inside the mouse so you can take it anywhere without the
fear of losing it. I highly recommend this mouse for anyone.
    I bought these nice to keep my cat company after my Big Mouth Billy Bass
stopped working, the cat loved them, the finest mice money can buy.
    Delivered today and it's great, brought other wireless mice, but this one
fits really easily in the hand and has a smooth action.  Would definitely
recommend.
    Awesome product for the price, very easy to set up, just add a battery and
insert the USB applicator in your USB slot and it's ready to go!
    great mouse great price easy to setup and does what it says it does , great
service quick delivery
    Great product, value for money.  I am working from home and needed a
replacement mouse.  I chose a wireless one for convenience and I am not
disappointed.  Thank you
    Bought as replacement for expensive Dell wireless mouse which was having
trouble with drivers.  I love it with my big clumsy hands.
    The usual fast delivery from Amazon and happy with the mouse. Fita my hand
well and is faster than the mouse it replaced.
    it dose the job got it for my husband he says it better than the Microsoft
mouse he had before Thanks You
    Just received my new mouse and I have to say it is excellent for the price.
Very easy to setup and works smoothly and quickly. Hopefully it will last but
for now I am very happy with it.
    Excellent for what I need to control security cameras dvr. Not a gamer so
can't comment but great for my needs. Great price and superfast delivery by
seller AAA***
    This mouse is comfortable to use & was so easy to set up (just pop the USB
in the computer and thats it!)It works well and does what it should.
    Just got the mouse, it is wireless and super easy to set up, literally just
connect the usb and it works. Sturdy and ergonomic, generally a quality product
at a very reasonable price!
    I’ve had this mouse for almost a month now and I am very pleased with it. It
is a great price for such a good device. It’s very accurate and responsive (I do
a lot of graphic work and often find it better and easier than a pen).
    Very good mouse. Easy to install and easy to use. Bargain price too. What’s
not to like.
    Perfectly sized, looks really sleek and so simple to use - put a battery in
the mouse, turn it on, take the USB chip out of the mouse and insert into your
laptop and ta-dah! Instantly recognised, no need to mess around. Would
definitely recommend.
    Super cheap product but very much worth the money, No need to spend a lot of
money on something else.
    Beautiful little mouse. Greatly packed in one little mouse and one small
cardboard box so no plastic involved which is great for the environment
    This is the second of this particular wireless mouse that I have purchased
(for separate computers in different parts of house.)  Easy to set up, just
insert an AA battery, plug the USB dongle into your computer, and away you go.
Nice ergonomic design, looks smart, battery lasts ages, and very competitively
priced.  All good!
    Bought this mouse to act as my remote for when i was watching things on my
laptop and was too lazy to get up and use the trackpad. The mouse was incredibly
simple to setup, plug the receiver into laptop, put battery in mouse and you're
ready to go! Haven't experienced any issues with it whatsoever - was exactly
what I needed!
    A cheap mouse but really good for the price.  Sure you can buy more
ergonomic mouses but not at this price !
    This is perfect for task, needed it for my step-son and his laptop as he
doesn't like the tracking pad.  It was well packaged and the product itself is
extremely good quality and worth every penny.  It's comfortable to use for long
periods of time and very responsive.
    Seems very good but too early to comment on battery life as a Christmas
present. Very reasonable price.
    A simple & easy to use wireless mouse. Well made item at a bargain price.
Thank you
    I bought this for my wife and she loves it. Its very easy to set-up and
works great with her laptop. It has very good battery life too
    What a great mouse for the money. It has a good palm feel. Feels robust and
more than up for the job.
    Bought two different devices for our two PCs and this performs as well if
not better than the more expensive unit. Just fitted the battery, inserted the
USB tab and it worked instantly on a table top without mouse mat. Great product.
    Delivered same day which was a plus.Strong and sturdyWould recommend
    For use at work in a busy environment where clicking sounds are usually
distracting, this mouse is very soft and is hardly audible. It’s slim and ideal
for travel. For the price it is unbelievable.
    Very good mouse work's well with my laptop pluged it in and it worked right
away no problems.
    0 star, cheap, gets stuck every second, cannot believe the low quality of
this product
    Really good basic wireless mouse. I have no issues with it and easy to set
up.
    JUKSTG Wireless Mouse i ordered which is fantastically working. This  review
i am writing  this after using  product  4 days .I would recommend this mouse to
every one, according to price , quality is far ahead.Also, deliver experience
was great , as this was delivered before the commitment day.Thanks for
    Very neat little mouse............Works well & sets up very quickly...5
stars!!!
    Mostly I use my laptop  After Mid Night.  The Mouse I used to use made a
disturbing noise every time I pressed the button. Imagine how my wife felt
saying you are disturbing my Dream Sleep ! Since I started using This so "Silent
Mouse" now she is disturbing me "Snoring so Heavily "  😂
    Battery life isn’t brill on these but they do the job and work quite well.
    Happy with the mouse. Works we expected and goes into standby mode to
reserve battery when it's not on use.
    At first i thought i may be taking a chance at such a low priced mouse but i
i'm more than happy with the outcome.Mouse feels good in the hand even for me a
left hander. Buttons have a distinct 'click' unlike some other mice I've used in
the past. Plus the mouse works well without a mouse mat. All in all a nice
little buy.
    Pleasantly  surprised when this mouse actually arrived , prompt and on time
. Better than previous ones i have bought  which cost a lot more .
    This mouse is superb especially for the price paid, I like the way the USB
fits conveniently in to the bottom of the mouse and it connects instantly upon
inserting the USB stick in to a computer/laptop. As for movement it works fine
and functions well on clicking and scrolling. I would definitely recommend
buying this product.
    Great mouse. Worked straight away. Great packaging and quick dispatch. Whats
not to like.
    For a cheap wireless mouse, this is very good and does the job well.
    the only problem is how far away it can  be, but same with most types
    The mouse is honestly just great. I bought it to use with my laptop, as I'm
not a fan of trackpads. It's a bit bigger than I actually expected, but it fits
great in my hand and it works very well. Feels so sturdy and I really have
nothing to complain about so far.
    This mouse surprised me for the £6 that it cost. It feels like a quality
mouse. It does have audible clicks, but they also give decent feedback. I have
large hands, and it's large enough to feel comfortable.
    Quite flimsy and even with using once a week for some meetings only, it died
after 3 month, waste of money.
    really good, was just used as a mouse for a laptop, so i didnt need nothing
overly expensive. couple little buttons too, that shorten things. its good
mouse, i do reccomend it. only thing i have is that sometimes the on switch
times out after a minute without being turned off, and needs swtiching off and
on again to work
    Good item, incredible value for money, most mice like these are going for a
lot more. This does the job, connects no fuss. Only issues are when taking about
it will turn on if accidentally clicked (red light comes on) and it’s not a
silent mouse as described, it sounds like a normal mouse.
    Good mouse - does the job and easy to set up. I would recommend a mouse mat
as the sensor sometimes lags when using it on my desk
    Great product I did have to also install USB Overdrive to use all the
buttons on my mac but it is now just what i need
    Very prompt delivery. This is an excellent mouse for the money - connected
immediately, no fuss. An ideal travel wireless mouse.
    Just wanted a simple wireless mouse to use when I work from home - as my
tracking pad drives me crazy! This took seconds to install, is easy to use and
satisfying to click :) It's very good value too. Very pleased with it!
    I like the fact it's comfortable to hold works well and yes it only needs 1
battery great product
    Purchase to used for a laptop whilst travelling. Was not expecting anything
great at the price paid. However, the mouse is very good. Its lightweight,
comfortable and so far very accurate on various services. I would say its better
than more expensive versions I have on my desktop PC's.
    A really nice mouse runs smooth and clicks easy quick delivery
    Great product at an excellent price. Easy to install and straight to work
with your mouse with no hassle !
    Have to love this. For the price it's a fab bit of kit, easy to use, plug
and play. Accurate
    Brilliant mouse, low profile and dead easy to set up. Just plug the micro
transmitter into your usb port and away you go
    Arrived in time and got it working in less than a minute. Very soft click,
fast scroll and efficient.
    This mouse is great value for the money. Easy to install just plug the USB
plug in and you are away.It feels like more expensive mouse types. Can't tell
the difference.I have given the battery life 5 stars as it has an on and off
switch so should last ages!
    This product came within a few days and it is useful and i mean very useful.
It is easy to move around and the connection between my device and my mouse is
stunning i would really recommend it to all users.
    I bought this mouse for home computer use as we have all started working
from home because of the virus . It arrived the day after I ordered it and it is
very good value and very good to handle. Cant fault it does what I need it to do
and is a nice size.
    Amazing product for value and ease of set-up. Just plug and play (Windows
10). Nice feel to the tracking, buttons and scroll wheel. Good quality. Can't
comment on longevity or battery life but no reason to assume this won't be good.
Note that battery is not included, but it's a standard AA so no problem really.
    Great mouse! Can’t believe how good it is for the price I paid. Nice fit in
the hand and works like a dream
    Yep works well straightaway, and good for left handers to.
    Product was as described. I am satisfied with my purchase.
    Works well and is nice to use, didn’t come with a battery.
    It does the job, feel right when I'm using it, it's not too big or small and
for the price you just cannot complain! Go and get yours now ;)
    The description over glamourises it, but it works well!!
    I't's ok I suppose, does what it should but Special? No!
    Needed a simple mouse for use with my laptop. This worked great straight out
of the box. Arrived promptly and  a great price.
    Very fast delivery. Light and durable. Easy to you. Bargain
    I was really wanting a wireless mouse but was not wanting to spend alot of
money on it. This wireless mouse fits the mould! Its ergonomic and packs easy
too. Only trouble is that its not a silent mouse. But again, thats a minor
thing. Definately recommend if you're looking for a cheap good wireless mouse!
    Need a new mouse as the old one was not working, this does the job perfectly
considering the price is so cheap I especially like the buttons on the side make
going back and forward easy.
    Excellent mouse,light,easy to use and set up recommended
    I love this, it's very easy to use, connected straight up to my laptop no
problem and arrived in time. Definitely recommend
    Has been hit and miss since I bought it 3 months ago now has stopped
working.  It seems there’s a connection problem as it works if I wiggle the
battery but stops when the back goes on.  Now I’ve missed the return window.
    Works just as I expected and can't fault it. The only constructive feedback
is the opening to retrieve the micro-receiver is a bit fiddly to get into. It is
very comfortable to use and I've been using it for a month and haven't had to
change the batteries yet.
    Great only thing I would say is it doesn't seem to wake up you have to turn
it off and on again if you haven't used it for a little while.
    The mouse is very ergonomic and battery life is good
    Ticks all the right boxes!Arrived quickly-thank you!
    This is an excellent value for money Wifi mouse. I am not a tech wiz but
this moves well and and fits  nicely to the palm of my hand. Very comfortable .
    Unfortunately this was not usable. If you place a battery the cover
protrudes making the mouse wobbly when you click a button. Had to return this so
worth paying for a better brand.
    I used the mouse on my laptop and it does the job as it should.
    Very prompt delivery works great on my sons laptop great value for the price
very eased
    This mouse has only lasted a couple of months and it has broken. Unless you
replace the battery every time you turn it back on it will not work. The
connection seems faulty at best, and only sporadically works, if at all. I would
avoid if I were you, unless you have an unlimited supply of batteries.
    great value arrive next day simple set up and easy to use
    Really good value for money. Works great, easily turns on and off, usb
stores inside mouse when not in use. Love the function that the mouse turns off
when idle for s period of time, saves the battery getting drained.
    Fantastic value for money. Does everything required for less than a fiver.
    in my job i use a laptop but station myself at desks at various offices.
this is a great piece of kit.literally plug in and go.great features with site
buttons and scroll button.battery life is goodgreat value for money.Would
defiantly recommend 10/10
    Reaches from downstairs into our loft for our cctv
    Great mouse - fits nicely into my palm and moves very smoothly.  The
ergonomic design is great and a big improvement on my last mouse. Plugged in the
USB receiver which automatically recognised the mouse, so I was able to use it
immediately. Overall very pleased with this purchase.
    This mouse is perfect! I've been using it for 1 week now and I can finally
say it's perfect! Complete, really easy to hold, the bluetooth connection is
really fast and never disconnects. The two lateral buttons are really handy too.
There is nothing bad about this mouse, definetely recommend it!
