    I'll start with the bad since theres less bad than good:1) not very
effective for phone calls. But I purchased this for music while running so I'm
only subtracting 1 star2) if you read carefully, there are a lot of reviews
sharing language similarities. I always read reviews carefully before purchasing
a product, so I can sort real reviews from fake ones. I went ahead and bought
these anyway because there were enough good true reviews. Why not let the
product quality speak for itself?3) same improper english tendencies are riddled
throughout the instruction manual. It is understandable but I recommend having
someone do a grammar check and revise the manual, simply because it comes off as
a cheap product when the language is unprofessionalOn to the good:1) no issues
connecting2) the fit is good even while running3) very easy to use, you dont
have to worry about turning these off to save battery4) love the magnetic
charging case, and there are neat indicator lights which show the status of your
charge, and will automatically turn off once the earbuds are fully charged
    Did my research, looked at practically everything comparable. Been through
enough headphones /earbuds to know any claimed differences are insignificant for
the most part.Understand that the biggest reason these lesser known brand names
don't have many reviews (which is one of the biggest influences on here) is
because most shoppers are too hesitant to make a purchase with them and instead
feel safer with big name brands.So with these earbuds,  I must say, have been
one of the best purchases I have ever made on Amazon. Fit effortlessly and
comfortably in both my ears, the design and feel of these are not cheap at all.
My biggest concern was battery life (because I wear headphones my whole 8 hour
shift and that was by far the most crucial factor for me) and using them a
couple weeks here are the very encouraging and satisfying details:1) Each bud
last about 3 hours give or take a few minutes.2) Can use together OR
individually which was exactly what I wanted to make sure was the case.
Instantly connects to phone via Bluetooth after you pair EACH EARBUD (Left &
Right respectively)3) The power bank case has been the biggest surprise since
any bank I have ever owned has never lived up to its manufacturers claims. I
have only charged the case once since I got it as it still has over half its
juice left after many times of switching and charging each earbud (about 3 times
per shift which is better than expected)4) Each earbud takes just over an hour
to charge which when only using one at a time has made my overall concerns with
charging a thing of the past.Overall, don't get put off by being unaware of the
manufacture, and just trust in these reviews. Me personally, I can't think of
the last time I even took the time to write a review, but I have been so blown
away with this purchase that I felt it was owed to the company PASONOMI.Amazing
Earbuds.
    I came from the GoNovate G9 which I loved.  I bought these as a replacement
and they are great.  Battery life is good.  They fit nicely and are not too big
and I don't feel goofy wearing them.I highly recommend you try all the rubber
tips, you'll be surprised the smallest tips work the best.  There are similar
brands, I bought the PASONOMI because they were on 2-Day Prime, cheaper, and had
a 10% off coupon.  There support is good too from what I see.You CAN use them
separately, the instructions show you how to.  I only use them for music, I have
used them for phone calls.  You can turn them on without the case.  I just don't
like that you can't turn them off without the case.  (Unless you turn off your
phone bluetooth for 5 minutes.)I still never thought I would rate this 5 Stars,
but after a week of using them..they are solid.  I have shopped for months
before I decided on these.  They get uncomfortable about about 3 hours.  I use
them when I go grocery shopping or sitting in the breakroom.
    Having developed quite the affinity for wireless earbuds, I decided to go
back to the well and find a suitable pair for my wife.  This time, I wanted a
pair of wireless earbuds with a charging case, as she has an older iPhone model
for which the battery only lasts about ½ the day.  Here are our thoughts:•
Package: The wireless earbuds come in a nice portable case, which acts as both a
carrying case, a charging station for the earbuds, and its own charging device
for other small electronics.  Additionally, there is a small USB cord that can
be used to charge the charging case, as well as three different sizes of rubber
ear pieces.  One thing I would note is that the carrying case is a bit bigger
than other models that I've tested, though I suspect that this is due to the
charging capabilities that it carries.• Size/Fit: At first glance, the earbuds
may look a bit loose fitting due to the lack of support on the earpiece itself.
For that reason, I decided to use a larger rubber piece, though we quickly found
that the small size is more suitable for her.  Fortunately, we had no real
issues with the fit as the earbuds fit very snugly and did not feel loose at all
while in use.  She even tested these during a light run on the treadmill, and to
our pleasant surprise, the earbud did not feel loose at all.• Connectivity: We
had no issues connecting the earbuds to her iPhone or iPad.  We were also able
to connect these to my desktop at home.  Similar to Airpods, the earbuds connect
automatically when you remove the earbud from the charging case.  This is a
small nit, but when the left or right earbud connects individually, it carries
the same name as the other earbud, so it requires an additional step of renaming
the connection to differentiate between R/L.• Sound and Call Quality: In short,
we were blown away by the sound quality, as it is rare for the earbuds to have
such a solid bass.  This holds true for a variety of music, from Top 40 to EDM.
Likewise, the call quality was crisp and ahead of other similar wireless earbuds
that we've tested.• Charging Case: We tested the 2200 mAh battery on her iPhone
6.  The charge was a bit slow and I suspect that it is really only good for a
single charge.  That being said though, I consider this to be a bit of a bonus
and likely enough to get through the whole day if you do not have access to
another charger.In summary, this is a great value for wireless Bluetooth earbuds
that also doubles as its own portable charging device.  The sound and call
quality were stunning at this price point, and this has already become the go-to
listening device for my wife.  Highly recommended for those looking for new
earbuds!
    Let me preface this review: I typically keep a pair of pixel buds, jaybird
x3s and a wired pair of Bose earbuds in my arsenal. I'm a mailman and want easy
access to reliable audio options .I haven't out these through the wringer yet
but plan on using them for a full day Monday to test out battery life and range
(when I run out of the truck to make a delivery ).My phone: Google Pixel 2
XL+Pairing was simple enough+These are comfortable at first (we shall see how
comfortable after straight use for 5+ hours)+Sound quality is surprisingly good
for this price point and type of earbuds+They don't protrude from your ears too
much so you don't look like an alien off of Dr. Who-Case isn't sleak and it's a
tad big (but it's not a deal breaker)-When entering my Subaru with these paired
the Subaru overrides and then makes you re-pair (my Subaru does this to all
Bluetooth sets and it's always a pain...but I've learned its more often than not
the Subaru that needs re-pairing and not the earbuds)I'll test these buggers out
more and update!I didn't rate: durability or batteryUpdate 11/5/18:-the battery
on these do charge quickly but they only last 2.5 -3 hours at a time-No one can
understand me when I'm on a phone call with these, so thats another bummer for
these
    I use these a lot, and it's been about 11 months since I bought them, but
they are almost unusable at this point.  The left pair doesn't make any sound,
even when paired, and the volume on the right one is so low.  My original review
is below:I was hesitant to buy these because the price point is low for this
type of product.  I took a chance because I know Amazon's return policy would
protect me if they were crap.  I am glad I did!  I have purposely waited a month
to write a review because I wanted to make sure they would last.  Great quality,
easy pairing, and they work independently and together quite well.  Battery
lasts 6+ hours.  I use them the most at work where I only want one in at a time,
and I can easily swap one for the other when the battery is drained.  The
charging case is great and has remarkable battery life.  I had trouble pairing
them at first, probably because I didn't follow the directions, and the seller
responded to my request for help very quickly and fixed me up right away.If you
want truly wireless ear buds, buy these!
    The earbuds and charge box work great.  The directions are poorly translated
in english.  It is hard to even understand just what a terrific product really
is!  The box itself is a remote battery charger that actually keeps the Ear
plugs charged when they are in it.  You have to then recharge the battery via
the USB every now and then.  Also be sure and remove the tiny pieces of green
tape on each earbud or they will not charge the earbud battery in the earbud
itself.  No where in the directions does ir say to do this as the tape looks
very much like it is there to protect the magnet connection on the buds.
Otherwise this is a very nice product for the money!!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I was so impressed because
I actually wore them the whole time i was in the shower just to officially know
if they are waterproof or not. Not only did I wear them I listening to music
they were great talking on the phone as well. I was amazed as I had a full
conversation as well as utilized one of the earbuds phone featurs by triple
tapping sensor the earbuds  tell the phone to automatically redial the last
number you were connected to. Overall I’m so happy with my Pasonomi Bluetooth
wireless earbuds.Thanks
    These earbuds are so great, and setup was a breeze. While the instructions
weren’t perfect English, they were clear enough and the device basically handled
all of the setup for me. I’ve been very impressed with how well the sound comes
out, how these are completely sound proof, and the long lasting battery power.
The pack is a great case to keep the earbuds safe while traveling, and I love
the magnetic nature so the earbuds fit perfectly in the case for charging.
Fabulous product.
    I'm always a bit skeptical about off-brand items.  But these earbuds really
surprised me!  It was super easy to set up with my iPhone, and charges very
quickly.  The clarity on these earbuds is really good, not like some of the
cheaper ones.  The case that it comes in and the storage back looks very sleek.
Plenty of extra earbud tips in case the old ones become damaged or are lost.
Really impressed - I would buy these again!
    Comparing it with air pods, it’s more comfortable and cost less. Very easy
to pair it with my iphone. It starts to pairing  when i take headphone out from
dock and connect to my phone without problem. I take them to the gym and listen
to my music while I am running. The charging dock can charge the headphone while
I’m using it and also charge my iphone for emergency. It come with a charging
cable. I put the bluethooth on at work and keep the dock charging on my desk.
Worth buy.
    I wanted a relatively sweat proof bluetooth set that I could wear outside
working in the yard or at the gym, so decided to give these a try.  I figured
ponying up ~$50 instead of the &12-20 range would get a better set.Well.They
worked fine for about 2 weeks, then the left bud just stopped working.  Since
this is the bud that pairs to the phone, they're worthless now.  And I've only
used them at work (in a facility, with no sweating), so this can't be attributed
to moisture.  Also, the microphone quality is not good when on phone calls; most
people on the other end said I sounded like I was across the room on speaker
phone.  Finally, if you only have 1 in your ear (e.g., while driving or some
other activity where you need to hear what's around you), it has to be the left
bud, as the right doesn't have a microphone.I'm returning them today and trying
something else that isn't cheap chinese tech.
    Do you like a device that pauses/plays every time you adjusts it, while
somehow not sensing your touch when you mean to? Or one that doesn't turn off
till the battery dies no matter how long you press the 'button' for, or even put
it in the charger.Trash.
    Where to start...These headphones are a very poor quality. I generally use
headphones just to listen to music for the gym. I currently have some over the
head Cowin Bluetooth headphones, and those have fantastic sound, and these were
around this same price point, so I was very hopeful that these would be
good.SOUND: the sound on these is terrible. I had to turn my volume up almost
all the way on my Spotify to listen to music, but it really didn't help because
there was no bass or any kind of depth to the sound on these headphones.
Whenever I was listening to dance, pop or rap music it sounded extremely flat.
Turning up the volume did not help this, just made it sound more tinny.FIT: I
tried these at the gym and they were constantly falling out of my ears every
time I did anything. The only time they stayed in my ear was low-impact cardio.
If I was doing a plank or went on my back or side, or getting up from a laying
position, they would fall out.DESIGN: These earphones are too sensitive to the
touch for a pause/play button. So every time the headphones fell out of my ears
during working out, and I'd go to put it back in, I'd hit the pause/play button.
It was near impossible to put them back in my ears without touching the
pause/play button and pausing my music by mistake. And then sometimes it would
think I was trying to activate Siri and I'd then have to go to my phone to stop
that and play my music again. It was so annoying because I couldn't concentrate
on a workout with my headphones falling out and pausing all the time.NOT WORTH
IT, awful quality, not user friendly, these should be sold for $8. I'm in
process of returning these and I think I'll just invest the money in Apple
AirPods or Bose Bluetooth. I would NOT recommend these if you care about music
quality at all.
    The sound quality is complete garbage. I had bose sound sport and beats X
earbuds before I bought these. If you want to hear bass or miss in your music
then do not purchase these. The sound has an echo effect that happens right
after pairing and again when the battery is low. To top it all off these
headphones start to get uncomfortable fairly fast after you put them on. I was
really hoping that the reviews on this product were correct because I really
wanted to save a few bucks. I just purchased another pair of bose sound sport
wireless and now I have quality again.
    It was a fine product that pretty much resembles all the functions from my
previously owned Apple Airpods. A few pros and cons are listed below for your
reference:pros:-quite fit into my ears without struggles-the range of the
wireless connection is far enough. the music in the earpods is still playing
while I'm cooking downstairs with the mobile device connected left upstaris-I
love the one-touch feature that I just need to touch the surface of the earpods
with my finger tip to pause/resume the music, and double click for dialing the
most recent number in record-the battery power seems to be durablecons:-I still
haven't figured out how to skip songs with the fingertip touch, that's how I
accidently discovered the double click leads to redailing feature-the connection
doesn't appear to be very impressive when you're calling through the earpods,
people are complaining that they are struggled to hear my voice when I am using
the earpods to speakTo sum it up, the product provides fair functionality and
feature as a non-mainstream wireless earphone brand and is fair for its price.
    Absolutely the worst Bluetooth earbuds I've ever had don't waste your time
    At first I was very pleased with this product and enjoyed hands-free calls
and cordless listening with good quality sound. However, the product has
suddenly stopped working.  I purchased the product in late November so I'm very
disappointed that they only worked for 2 months. The ear buds are fully charged
but I can only get the right one to power on and even then it won't pair with my
devices so I can't even listen with one ear.  This product has unfortunately has
turned out to be a waste of money and I will not be purchasing products from
this company again.
    I charged these before using today and less than 2 hours in they cut off. No
warning. They just seem to be dead so now I’m stuck on a stationary bike, no
music.  Weak.  Also, they arent that loud, just acceptable, with barely
acceptable quality. Also, if you shift your head a little they might cut out for
a second.  ALSO, if you touch them to adjust them they might tfurn off the
music, so you know.... try not to have to adjust them while you workout or do
anything that requires movement.
    I bought these with the impression that I could use each one individually
and get about 6 hrs of play time out of them, THIS IS NOT THE CASE. You can only
use them if the left one is out and as soon as that dies they both disconnect.
Also the sound quality is terrible for the price. This was advertised to be able
to both be used individually and that is why I give it 1 star because I hate
false advertisement. Also the right one skips sometimes and cuts out and if I
turn my head to the right outside it turns off completely.
    This product is not good except for the sound quality. Putting it in your
ear for a long time will be very painful. The most terrible thing is that it is
easy to fall. I just lost it when I bought it for three days. Now I can only use
one, and the song is always dropped. I am telling the truth, I hope to help you.
    Downsides: The touch sensors on the earbuds, doesnt matter who you are they
are a pain to adjust during a workout. 1 touch pauses and depending which is
double touched its gonna skip a song, held too long and the volume changes, this
is neat to better prevent water damage but it's tedious.Secondly is the volume,
i was disappointed thats its mostly just treble which is compared to $15 wired
buds, little bass. The ear bud sizes can be swapped, which are suuuper thing
plastic and nothing like regular squishy buds, but that just helps cancel noise
thr biggerthe ear bud, the quality of sound is poor.Cool part was the charger
case, seems durable and charges phones and other stuff.
    I have been using these for about a week or two now and have to say I am
underwhelmed. The positives are ease in pairing, connecting to the phone for
use, in ear fit, and general idea of being able to charge when not using
them.Negatives:- Sound quality: The sound is very hollow and little to no bass.
Its fine if listening to podcasts, but leaves a lot to be desired when listening
to music.- Connectivity: While its easy to connect to your phone, the buds
themselves have numerous issues. The main issue is them keeping connectivity to
themselves. They frequently cut out sound in one ear or the other. They also, on
occasion, cut out sounds all together as if I was too far away from the
bluetooth source (which I often keep in my left breast pocket of my suit. The
root cause of these issues is unknown.- Call quality: Unusable outside while
walking or with any ambient sound around. Have had to scramble to disconnect
them while walking so I can hold the phone to my ear. Nothing but complaints
from people, and combined with the connectivity issues, is just nothing but
frustration.- Fit in case: If you change your earbud size, it may not fit well
in the case, and then it may not charge.I think for the price point, its still
hard to justify. I have a pair of anklers that cost 20 bucks, and none of these
issues. I just wanted something without a wire getting caught up on my collar
and would take usb-C. These don't take usb-C but figuring it takes many charges
before recharging I figured I could sacrifice that. In any case, may very well
be going back to the anklers.
    I have had these for almost a month now and I have never had to recharge the
case.  Pretty awesome! My old headphones would only make it through about 3 or 4
workouts.  These headphones have lasted 12 so far and it doesn't seem like I
will need to charge them anytime soon.  This is also my first pair that fits
just in my ear and I have been surprised that they have never fallen out with
the running, rowing, and Insanity workouts I do.  Pretty darn good for the price
if you ask me.
    I'm not sure how this product has so many 5 star reviews out of 4,000
reviews. That's what brought me to this product in the first place to buy them.
It was a cheaper alternative to me buying the Samsung Galaxy Buds for
$139.99.Now that being said I bought these for $49.99 thinking I was getting a
good product for a cheap price going off the excellent reviews. No these
headphones are terrible I work in a manufacturing plant where most people by
these type of bluetooths and use them to get through are long shifts. The
battery life is terrible it last up to one hour of use. The sound quality is so
bad I'm not able to hear anybody while I'm talking on the phone at work nor can
they hear me. You cant have either earbud in to talk on the phone, you HAVE to
have the left earbud in to use the phone feature and if you put the right earbud
in its case it disconnects the whole bluetooth and you have to reconnect them.
I'm comparing these to the Samsung Galaxy Buds which I use every day. They are
amazing the have noise cancellation that actually works, my wife doesnt hear
machines in my background when she calls me at work she just hears my voice. I
can have either the left or my right in to talk on the phone. Listen just spend
the money to get the better ones these are really bad. TRUST ME!
    I was excited to get these and initially thought that they sounded ok.  I
researched how to properly wear Earbuds and discovered that the tips are meant
to seal your ear, so that it feels plugged, and once I used the correct size of
tip the sound quality improved a lot.  I really enjoy listening to music on
these now.  They are engineered to play inside a sealed ear, so if there is any
air leakage or gaps from tips not fitting right, then the sound quality will be
affected.  When I pause music I can still hear things going on around me, though
a bit muffled.  I was using them at the store, paused my music and was able to
talk to the cashier and finish my purchase just fine, then resume music as I was
leaving.They last for about 3 hours of continuous music listening and then take
only 1 hour in the case to be recharged.  While the case itself can recharge
them many times over (They say 72 hrs, but I haven't fully tested that yet).As
for the fit, they feel snug in my ear and I have done some moving around without
feeling like they will just fall out.I have used them in the shower a couple of
times and can say that they do survive that.  The only issue that I had in there
was that when I put my head under the water to rinse/wash my hair the water
running over them would cause them to think that I was pressing and holding them
and cause the volume to increase to max or decrease to min.  The way I found to
get around this was to set the bluetooth volume lower on my phone and max volume
in the headset to a reasonable level, then I wouldn't get my eardrums blasted
when the water triggered it again.  That is just due to the touch controls on
the buds.  I wonder how they will react when swimming, I do plan to find
out.Lastly I also connected them to my computer to test out listening to music
and using them for VOIP calls and discovered a couple of things.  First
Bluetooth interferes with 2.4GHz wireless signals, so if your computer/laptop is
running on wireless in that frequency, then your internet connection will cut in
and out.  I fixed this by connecting my laptop to a 5GHz wireless signal and now
it works without any issues. The second issue was being able to move between
listening to good quality music and using them as a headset for VOIP.  The
default will not allow you to do that.  Something about Bluetooth bandwidth just
doesn't allow it.  So after a few hours and almost wanting to throw my laptop
out the window I discovered that if you just click on the Speaker Icon in the
bottom right of your windows taskbar you will get a volume indicator as well as
a dropdown to select current output.  When you want to listen to music or movies
just change that to Stereo Headphones (it will show the name of the device as
well) and when you want to make a call or record a video change that to Hands
Free Headset (also shows name of device).  Also, you don not have the
functionality of switching to next song or adjusting volume when you connect
them to the computer.There are no such issues when connecting to your phone, all
functionality is as it should be.Now I can just switch them back and forth
between my phone and computer.4 Stars for the showering issue with the touch
commands.  I would give 4.5 if I could give a half.  I am really enjoying these.
Hopefully my comments will be helpful for other buyers and users.
    I've been looking for Bluetooth earbuds, and when I saw this product on
Amazon in the first sight, I decided to purchase it due to its cute appearance.
The product was delivered with perfect packing in a timely manner together with
a clear and detailed manual.I really love the design of the box, which is super
cute. Also, it's super good for me to have a place to store the Bluetooth
earbuds when I take them off since I'm a person who always lost stuff.It could
be charged in the box via a USB cord which makes it extremely convenient.It's
easy to be connected and works well until now.Love it!
    First of all it came 2 days prior to the date I was given which was amazing.
I Just thought it would be 2 regular earbuds in a box.... BUT NOOOOO.  I am not
the most tech savy person I know, so I may just be the only person that didn't
know what to expect.  It came with the 2 ear buds as I thought, I thought that
when the battery would die I would need to have a charger etc to charge them.
NOT THE CASE!  The charger actually charges the ear buds AND the case they go
in.  So if they happen to die and you have the case in the handy bag it comes
with, the charger base actually holds a charge WITHOUT being plugged in.  The
bag is perfect for throwing it in your hand bag or back pack and comes with TONS
of extra ear pieces.  This is amazing for on the go.  I used to take a train to
work in a city, and this would be amazing for a situation where you may not have
access to a charging device.  I would recommend this to any of my friends and
family.
    This product is not for everyone and is not excellent but it is passable for
the price. I bought these with the intention of listening to music/videos in the
shower and to be able to talk to friends when I go on walks. Neither of these
are enjoyable with these headphones.Pros:Volume can get loud (not that it has a
volume independent from phone's volume, so both need to be turned up)Music comes
through clear.Initial setup is very simple.Battery life is reasonable (3 hours
of music use according to documentation and I tend to agree)2000 mAh battery
pack is nice.Good support, quick to replace defective unit.Cons:The microphone
is a joke. [1]There is little to no sound isolationI had to use the largest ear
tips provided and they still feel like they could fall out occasionally. They
aren't that bad, but there isn't enough material on the tip to actually grip the
ear canal.If the ear buds get unpaired from each other it is a pain to get them
synced again. [2]The touch controls are stupid. [3][1] I bought this and I had
support replace it because the only sounds it would pickup were 50-500 hz. I had
my microphone echoing in my ears to test, I started loudly and no sound, I
stepped lightly and now I heard that. The replacement was able to pickup my
voice but it is still REALLY bad.[2] I tried to get this to work for over an
hour with the documentation on hand and still couldn't get it to repair.
Thankfully I was returning those ones the next day... but the fact that I failed
to resync them is depressing...[3] Short tap for pause/play. long tap for Google
Assistant? Why is this a thing which is seen as more important... Volume control
3 second long press, volume increasing/decreased every 1 second there after.
Despite being... water proof... in the shower the video or song I'll be
listening to is constantly being stopped by Google Assistant with no efficient
way to get back to my content.--- UpdateI was contacted by the company who
offered to replace the headset with a non-functional mic for free and offered to
refund 10% of the cost. This is good customer service and I appreciate this
effort.However when I received the new device, while I did get the microphone to
connect to my phone for a little bit, it is unreliable. This tells me the
product is not good and not worth trusting.FURTHER! After 2 months of use, the
headset's media control rubber cover started becoming disconnected (See
pictures). This has exposed the circuit board underneath.If it were not for the
reasonably good audio, functional Bluetooth and relatively good battery life, I
would be giving this a 1 star despite the amazing customer support as this
headset is just too unreliable for me to recommend.
    First of all, I would like to say that this headphone is GREAT except the
fact that mine stopped working around 3 week mark ( hopefully this doesn’t
happen to anyone else ) :/ I tried everything but nothing seems to be
working.EDIT:  they refunded me the cost which made me happy !
    Read all the reviews took a chance and it was very average sound/bass is
weak 1-10 give it 4-5
    The earbuds arrived and I was so r cited only to be overcomes with
disappointment 3 hours later! UUUGG I have a iPhone 8 and these earbuds act
independently of eachother and I have not been successful getting the earbuds to
sync to eachother. They Bluetooth won’t sync to booth buds and that really
sucks... when I researched questions apparently others have asked and been
directed to go to the FACEBOOK page! WHY!!?? Because there is nothing there... I
think these work for other phones but iPhone buyers beware. Useful if you want
to use one earbud at a time! They look good and have a great packaging but the
bud stops there... UUUGGG .. . I will purchase something from Best Buy and
RETURN THESE
    I wanted to like these.  The audio is stunningly crystal clear in both ears.
High frequency sounds are fabulous, but the bass is seriously lacking.  Hence, I
will be returning them.
    I have tried a fair number of wireless headphones over the years, for I use
them daily.  I tend to use my earbuds for lifting weights, running, playing
basketball, mowing lawns, doing choirs, and walking to school.  The sound is
clear and they stayed in my ears well, but that's about it.  They lost
connection enough when I was playing basketball that I decided to turn them off,
and when I tried them in the gym, I had to be within feet for it to work
properly. I was looking forward to bluetooth 5.0, for I currently have another
pair with bluetooth 5.0 and it connects to my phone (Samsung Galaxy S9) well,
but these simply aren't the case. Two stars, because it's clear sound and good
fit.
    I've recently decided to check out these "Budget" Wireless Earbuds and i was
shocked.*The Pairing process was pretty self explanatory just hold both earbuds
until they both pair to eachother*The only problem i would see in the case is
the power bank feature i could only charge my Phone 20% more battery(Iphone 6
Plus)*The Earbuds Do Slip out sometimes but it's not a really a problem.*the
range on the earbuds are decent and it could go from downstairs to upstairs.*the
touchscreen feature on the earbuds were a nice touch to make it have that modern
feeling.The Only Complaint i would have with the product is the battery life on
the case , Charging a Iphone on a simple powerbank can bring it up to 100% but
for this earbud powerbank it would only bring it up a few %.
    I’ve never had wireless headphones that were completely wireless. So I can’t
comepare them to others. I’m switching from the beats power wireless 3 after
having two pairs of those and both of the ear clips/Bluetooth wire snapping
off.Update: it’s been almost 24 hrs since I received them. I couldn’t wait until
I got off work to try them in the gym. Changed the tips to help cancel out the
noise and it worked. They’re not as loud as my beats but they’re actually noise
canceling so you don’t need them to be super loud. So even after hours of
listening my ears still aren’t ringing. With this being a same day review I
couldn’t tell you how good the battery is , but I train for a little over 2
hours in the gym and they still didn’t die or say low battery. I’m hoping the
battery is good. I also hope these last longer than my beats. My beats power
wireless 3 lasted almost a year before on snapped and I know within the first
week off getting them and using them I had to super glue the speaker back
together because it came apart.Anyways the only Con with these are they’re not
as good distance wise as the beats are. I’m in an almost completely open gym and
the water fountain is on the back wall in the middle between both locker rooms.
As I got to the fountain the sound started cutting out, but it’s no issue. I’ll
keep my phone on me especially so I don’t forget it or lose it at the
gym.Update: it’s been a month and now they won’t pair with each other. I can
only use one or the other
    **UPDATE** 1/20/2019Back in December, I purchased a pair of these earbuds
(please see original review below), and was disappointed because they didn't
work. The company reached out to me to make things right, as they were concerned
with my satisfaction of their product. They replaced the ear buds, and the new
ones work perfectly. Pairing was a little tricky, but with a little patience
they paired on the third try. I would recommend these to anyone who wants true
"wireless Bluetooth.Original Review 12/2018"Not the best experience."I really
wanted to like these guys. However, they sounded so tinny and just lacked any
real sound. The other real problem is that they lost connectivity with my
iPhone, and would just randomly disconnect and reconnect within 10 seconds.
    These are absolutely terrible.  If you order these, you will be very
disappointed.  The sounds quality is terrible.  You will be much better off
sticking with the wired earbuds you currently own.Something is really not right
here.  There is no way possible this product can have so many five star reviews.
Something is amiss.  The sound is equivalent to AM Radio.  All treble, zero
bass.  I bought them as a gift for my wife and I cannot even express the
disappointment I feel about these. When I placed my order, there were well over
3,000 5 star reviews for this product.  I simply cannot believe people would
think this is a great product.  We tried all the different settings, we tried
all the different attachments, and nothing fixed the sounds quality issue.  They
did tend to fall out of her ears also, but this problem was nothing compared to
the absolutely abysmal sound.I will be reaching out to Amazon about this product
listing.  I truly hope they can test the product themselves and get to the
bottom of this.  This type of listing manipulation is very bad for Amazon.  It
calls into question the reviews on other Amazon products. I've been an Amazon
customer since the early days, and I have never had this bad of a misfire.
Sometimes products haven't met my exceptions, but nothing has come close to this
level of disappointment.
    Edit: 2/20/2019 - these puppies are cool!  Make sure to try the different
sized domes.  You're going to want to be able to occlude the ear canal.  Anyone
saying there is no bass simply does not have them fitted correctly.  When the
ear canal is occluded with the correct dome, these guys put out some BASS.
Actually with an equalizer, I can get too much bass.  2👍Packaging and "feel" -
solid.Fit:I sorta screw these into my ears.  I'm using the domes that came on
them and the fit is very good.!  These fit as good as any Earbuds I've
tried.Shook my head, jumped up and down.  Wore them for 3 hours before getting
"low battery" verbal warning..  During that time I forgot I was wearing
them.Sound:Volume - Finally!  These are great - I can wear them while mowing and
still don't have to maximize the phone's volume.Your instructions should say: To
adjust volume touch AND HOLD multi-function button for at least 3 seconds until
volume starts to change, release when desired level is reached.  Right bud for
increasing volume, left bud for decreasing volume.Tones - OOTB pretty
impressive!  (Out Of The Box)  Using the Advanced Sound Equalizer you can get it
to your liking.  BASS - these are earbuds,, get over it,  there is no subwoofer.
BASS is as good as I've heard..2200 mAh @ 5v.  Says 3-4 charges before having to
recharge case.There is a "Battery Active Button" on one end of the
case.....(why?)Bottom line - for $50 bucks,  buy 'em.
    I purchased for use for distance running. I used air pods but believe it or
not enough sweat can make them slide out. After losing a Apple AirPod to a sewer
drain I opted for ear buds, something a little more secure. They did what I
wanted them to do, stay in my ear during. I read reviews that said the bass is
horrible for me it was decent. I’m no audio snob. My biggest complaint is the
super cheap rubber tips. They were so uncomfortable, it’s like the thinnest
piece of rubber EVER. I couldn’t get a good picture showing how thin they are
but if you can zoom in on my first pictures you’ll see what i mean. It came with
several rubber tips so I tried them all and each was worse than the last. The
audio is decent, it isn’t going to knock your socks off but it’s good for 50
bucks. I gave in and just brought some Bose sound sports. But if your hesitant
to spend the money this is a solid option. And if it doesn’t work out, return
them.. also beware of some of the other reviews
    So this is my first ear bud set and I can honestly say that I am impressed
with these bad boys here. One thing I would say is that I wished it wasn't so
sensitive to the touch tough! I wear a hoodies while I workout and thenhoodie
keeps pressing against it changing the song or turning the ear buds off! Smh.
Last but not least is the phone quality when calling could use some work. But
overall, I love them. :)
    So I ordered these as an alternative to my current headphones (made by
sennheiser) because I wanted something waterproof.Things I like:1. Very easy to
use/pair. Instructions were clear and concise and included both text and
pictures.2. Battery life. Haven’t had to charge them yet but I am using them
sparingly.3. They stay in. I move around a lot and even took a shower with them
in and they stayed put.Things I didn’t like:1. The fit. They aren’t super
comfortable. They kinda stick out in a weird way and despite trying the
different ear fitting pieces, nothing seemed to change the way they felt.
Additionally they don’t really attenuate or block external noise at all, due to
the tenuous fit.2. Sound quality. I’m an audio engineer and music coach by trade
and I can definitely say these sit solidly in entry level range. The low end is
severely lacking (my apple-made earbuds included with my iPhone are leaps and
bounds ahead of these in sound quality). If you are looking for a balanced
representation of the frequencies, these are not for you.3. The controls. The
controls aren’t very intuitive, and even when you follow the directions the
touch sensitivity only word half the time the way it’s designed. The volume is
particularly difficult to adjust effectively and consistently.4. Waterproofing.
This was a big one for me as it is the main reason I bought this product. I did
take them in the shower to test their useability,  and I wasn’t completely
heartbroken.  They did continue to function in the shower,  without shutting
down or sustaining water damage.  However, due to the touch control features on
the side, when water comes into contact with the side of the earbud, various
features are accidentally activated (track changes, volume changes, Siri
activation, etc).  So I would say these are not designed to be used with
swimming, as pictured in advertisement may indicate.
    The sound was great, but BEWARE, if you drop an earbud once it will break,
making that earbud unusable.
    These ear phones are amazing! My favorite thing is the case is what charges
them, so once you’re done using them, put them back in the case and they
automatically turn off and start charging.... ready to use them again? Take them
out and they turn on and pair to your Bluetooth! These are perfect even if
you’re not tech savvy! Sound quality is amazing - very clear. Different options
for the ear bud piece, to fit perfectly in your ear the way you want.
    Sound quality is decent. Not great, but not the worst I've ever heard. Same
for comfort/fit. Main issue, for me, was the connection quality.  I could
repeatedly cause the left and right earpieces to disconnect from each other by
simply yawning.  Despite what some people might want you to believe, the mere
presence of Bluetooth 5.0 is not a panacea for connection issues. The dropouts
were so annoying to me that I returned these the next day.My original review, as
appears above, gave this product 2 stars. I updated it to 4 stars today because
the manufacturer reached out to me and sent me a new pair to see if I still
encountered the issues I encountered with the original set that I'd returned.
They have been in communication with me all week to try and pinpoint the cause.
This proactive approach to customer service is, frankly, rare, and while this
particular product wasn't for me personally, they definitely stand behind it and
I wouldn't hesitate to give 'em a try.
    I have these, Airpods, Anker Soundcore Liberty Neos, and Jabra Elites.
These are the worst sounding of the four but would sound better than the
SoundCores if they weren't so poorly equalized that they are only really sound
good for voice or podcasts without significantly reducing sound around
100hz-200hz and bringing up anything less than 100hz. These are capable of
putting out significant bass, but without an equalizer you wouldn't be able to
tell. I can't tell if it's the drivers or the low quality SBC codec (these don't
support AAC or aptX) but there is almost no high end to boost. No triangles, no
high hat sizzles, no metallic overtones anywhere. Equalizers can't help
there.The case is twice as large as any other cases I've tried which makes these
not very portable because the case is necessary to turn these off.  Several
times, I've found myself stashing these directly in my pocket to talk to
somebody only to find out I accidentally unpaused a podcast and lost my place.
This is the most annoying problem besides the lackluster audio quality.Speaking
of the controls - the touch controls register maybe 70% of the time, and when
they do, they often register a double tap rather than a single.  Be careful if
you have any moisture on your fingers because a drop of water could register as
a long-press until you dry them off.Also annoying is that, when removed from the
case, they frequently go into pairing mode when they should simply reconnect to
my phone sitting directly next to the buds when powering on. The easiest
solution is to use my phone settings to unpair and repair or put the buds back
in the case and hope they reconnect the next time I remove them.If you only have
$50 and know how to use an equalizer, then these are fine. But if you want to
hear hi hats and bass drums, then pick up the Jabra Elites instead.At any price
I'd buy them in this order:Jabra EliteAnker Soundcore Liberty NeoAirpodsThese
Pasonomi'sI rank the Airpods so low because they are no in-ear and despite
having the highest quality drivers, so much of the sound bleeds out that all I
can hear is soft midrange audio.  And, for the money, the Liberty Neo's are 1/3
the price of the Jabra's.If shopping for a pair of $50 earbuds, pass on these
and pick up the Liberty Neo buds.
    Append 19/02/19I have found there to be some issues with wearing beanies
over my ears with this product in. I suspect that the signal gets messed up if
you're deliberately covering the unit or whatever your bluetooth signal source
is, so be wary of signal blockage.Otherwise the connection on these things are
top notch.On another note, I am sad to say that I have had to return these, but
it isn't because it's a bad product. Because of my schedule I have found less
time to kick back and use these, and as such they have more or less just been
collecting dust in my bag. When I contacted customer service they were quick to
respond and understanding of the situation, and I thank them for that.Final
review:TL;DR-Overall great product-Excellent sound clarity-Good fit, hasn't
fallen out of my ears-Decent battery life, can last a week or two with heavy
usage on one charge-Bang for the buck-Excellent customer service as wellThere is
probably a 1 in 10 chance that you may be unlucky enough to have a weird enough
ear canal geometry that these will never fit properly inside your ear. You can
tell quickly by the fact that you will have tried out all available ear tip
sizes and all have come out sounding “tinny” or lacking bass.In lieu of that, be
sure to actually try getting the thing fit properly, because that makes a whole
world of difference.So, my final review of this is that the product is actually
pretty great. I did end up having to return these not because they were a bad
product, but rather I wasn't using it as much as I had initially hoped. Didn't
want these lying around and collecting dust after all.The sound quality of these
earbuds are undoubtedly good regarding the price you get these for. I'm not
kidding around either, being an experienced budget audio equipment user. The
bass is very present, and not muddy at all, and the mids and highs have some
strange, but welcome clarity to them. In fact, the sound quality of these almost
closely match my old favorite pair of bluetooth headphones, the Sony MDR-330BT,
a very solid, but discontinued pair of on-ear headphones.The build quality of
the earbuds and case is pretty solid. The case is a little bit beefy, but I find
that to be a non issue considering that if it were any lighter the winds could
probably pick it up and blow it to a place I don't need it going. As a careful
individual I don't think I have dropped the case but the worse that could happen
is that it opens. Thanks to the magnets that hold the earpieces to the charging
prongs, you'd probably have to deliberately throw the thing to get them to pop
out.As for the earbuds themselves, I may have accidentally dropped from time to
time, but they haven't broken apart at all. Not that I recommend dropping them
in the first place.Initial review:The first day of any product is always hit or
miss for me, but I'm going to be using these for a week or so to give it a more
proper review.
    I have never had wireless ones stay in my ear or that didn't hurt before
getting these. I am so freaking happy with these. Pairing was a NO brainier.
easy to accept calls, pause music or books with a simple tap. Stays put with all
my movement! Charges great and quickly. I pretty much wear one at a time and
change them out every few hours to more give my ear a rest then battery life.
When talking on phone others say I am crystal clear and no tunnel sound. Love
these!
    The old saying you get what you pay for does NOT apply here. These
headphones have so far performed well above the expectation of their price
point. They are extremely simple to use - simply take them out of their port and
connect! The sound quality is good, and they fit perfectly, and comfortably.
For me, there was no need to change out the silicone pieces but they come with a
good variety of sizes. I love all the different things I can do with a tap or
two on the earpieces. I wasn't expecting them to be able to field phone calls,
change the song, raise/lower the volume. They do wiggle some during my workout -
which is the main reason I purchased them - but not terribly, and I sweat A LOT.
I haven't tried switching out the silicone pieces to see if it lowers the wiggle
yet, as it is manageable. One thing I haven't checked out is the distance they
stay connected to my phone. I'm within a few feet of my phone for all my
workouts. Overall, I highly recommend these earphones to those looking for a
new, reasonably priced pair for everyday use!
    Customer service is awesome from this seller. I returned the original
headphone and was sent an upgraded model.The music sound quality is great. As I
said in my orignal post that I would have kept them if that was my only want for
them.Call quality is much improved, that was the reason for the return.  My
caller's are able to hear me even on windy day's.  No one has asked me to repeat
any of my conversations.The fit is not too bulky, Comfortable in my ear.Thank
you,Seller
    I love them! Nice quality, sound it is great.Customer service is wonderful,
I had an issue connection, I send them an email and the response was very quick
with an clear and specific information step by step how to fix it and it worked
perfect! 100% recommended. Affordable price and great quality!!
    I use this mostly while traveling and was amazed how something so light can
provide such great sound quality.  Cancels all outside noise and has the sound
of Bose without the price.  These really blew me away.  Also has a great
warranty though I doubt I will need to use it, working great so far.  Great
range also can walk to other end of airplane still hear music from iPad in my
seat.  Very ergonomicly designed charging base compact and sleek.
    I am an Apple user and have been considering getting wireless earbuds. I
came across these and they seemed to be a great alternative. I must say that I
am quite impressed by them. They are easy to pair, fit great and hold in my ears
while running. The charger is conveniently use and can charger other devices as
a power bank. Sound is great for the price. Highly recommend these.
    I use these at work in an industrial environment. I bought third party foam
tips so that they have good noise cancelling. They work really well with those
tips, but not sure how isolating the included tips would work in that
environment.I listen to talk (podcasts and such) almost exclusively and they
sound fine. Music leaves something to be desired, but I dont know how they
compare to other wireless buds with music quality.They last about 3 hours on a
charge and can recharge in about 30 minutes.The charging station lasts me over a
week and I charge the earbuds 2 or 3 times during the day.I wish they could last
all day on a single charge but that is just the current state of wireless earbud
tech right now.
    Note: I've had these for about a week now, so if I need to come back and
update this, I will.These are true wireless Bluetooth earbuds, with absolutely
no wires. I have never even had regular wireless headphones, so I wasn't sure
what to expect. The charging case feels sturdy and looks polished. I like that
it has a carrying pouch, but I do wish it had a longer charging cord - it's
maybe 8" long.I'm one of those that likes to read instructions, so that's the
first thing I did. They seemed to be pretty comprehensive, with some
troubleshooting tips, and easy to follow. When I first took the earbuds out of
the charging case, it seemed as though they both paired with my phone, but I
only had sound in the right ear. I followed the instructions, which suggested
that I "forget" the earbuds, put them in the case, and then try again - and that
worked perfectly.The charging case stores these with help from a magnet, which I
appreciate as someone who is accident-prone. I like that the indicator lights on
the case are easy to understand. I have not had the chance to fully test the
life of the battery, but from my previous research, if it is truly 3 hours,
that's the middle of the pack when it comes to these style of earbuds.Like
others have mentioned, there isn't a lot of bass with these, but I also wasn't
looking for a lot - I was looking for a balanced sound - and was pretty easily
able to achieve that with the earbuds and with using the music app on my phone.
I was very pleasantly surprised with the sound volume - it plays very loudly, if
you want it to. I also like that there were multiple sizes of rubber tips to use
with the earbuds included so you can customize the best fit.I haven't yet tested
the phone call capabilities, but will update this if I get the chance to use
that capability.One minor disappointment was that the range of the earbuds from
the phone was on the low end of what I've seen with Bluetooth. I couldn't walk
even all the way across my apartment without the connection dropping. However,
what I did appreciate was that when I walked back to within range, the earbuds
automatically picked the connection right back up.Overall, so far I'd say that
for the price, these are a great set of basic true wireless earbuds, and the
price can't be beat. Hopefully they will hold up with time, and if they do then
they'll be a real great value.
    Put them in my ears and immediatly took them off. The sound was awful. Very
strong mid-range. Distortion and zero absolutely zero bass. The worst headphone
I've ever heard. Shame because comfort was decent. Price is obviously
incredible.For the price they are good I guess. But no matter the sound quality
is so bad for my taste I just can't. I've got $30 sol republic headphones that
smoke this. I don't know how the reviews are high. They must not know what good
audio is.I'm not a big complainer either.
    I've had multiple issues with this one. The left earbud broke not long after
use, giving a static-like hiss at high frequencies. Other earbuds I own do not
do this, so I know anyone would run into this problem.To make matters worse, the
ear-piece is difficult to angle in your ear and leaves you feeling extremely
frustrated.I had to finesse it so much, in-fact, that the silicone ear-tip
dislodged and I had to dig it out of my ear with a toothpick! The silicone tip
was cheap itself and the connection to the earbud easily came off as well.I
bought these to have the option to charge other devices with it, but I'd rather
just have a functional pair of earbuds.+ Charging case holds a large charge and
lets you power other devices.- Cheap silicone ear-piece.- Terrible ear design
makes it difficult to hear unless you position it just right.- Personally, I
didn't like the touch feature. It sounds good in writing, but you can easily
skip when you mean to pause.- Defective left earbud.- Had to finesse it in my
ear so much the silicon ear-piece lodged in my ear.- Due to the design, when
cleaning off earwax the mesh screen also came off (glad that didn't fall in my
ear as well).All around terrible. Their customer service was nice and helpful.
Too bad their product was god-awful.
    First off, the sound is pretty good for their size, and they fit snugly in
place once you find the right plug size. The earbuds also do last for around
four hours of listening time, with a very good amount of standby time, so even
if you pause something on your phone it won't keep running the battery down as
normal. But there are problems to be found.First off, the audio-only indications
become really annoying, demanding you to charge them without giving any
indication how MUCH charge is left, or commanding you to stop holding a finger
to them. Something about the voice is less status indicator and more fussy mom
-- must be the tone. Another annoying "feature" is that there's no way to use
the right earbud on its own, because only the left one will sync with devices!
Speaking of...This will only sync with devices that do not require a passcode
(making them backwards-INcompatable with older BT transmitters, but that's not
uncommon) nor will it sync with devices that require a button press to sync
(which can be very annoying). So about half the things I bought the damn things
for, such as my PS Vita and a BT transmitter for my Switch, are just flat-out
unusable.Additionally, the recharging base (which also acts as a battery in
emergencies) is a weird little scrot -- apparently dropping from 3 dots ("full")
to 2 dots ("""""""half""""""-full") means its almost dead! I've found this out a
few times when recharging the earbuds. Its really frustrating, as apparently
even in 2019 manufacturers can't get this simple, basic system of telling power
levels right! Either that or the battery is worse than advertised and I'm lucky
it hasn't exploded inside the case.Also, I have doubts about how many times it
actually recharged the earbuds before needing to be plugged in itself, but I
cannot confirm this as I have yet to count the exact number of times I've stuck
them on to recharge, and sometimes they were half-discharged, so... meh. That
gets a pass.All in all, the sound and convenience are the only real positives
for these earbuds. But you get what you pay for, and these are on the cheaper
end of the current (at time of purchase) wireless earbud scale. At least they
aren't Airpods, I guess.UPDATE (Oct-06-2019): And now they won't even stay
active long enough to pair, despite apparently having a full charge, since when
placed on the charger the red charging light slow-blinks for ~10-12 seconds then
shuts off, even when the base unit has full charge or is also being charged.
However, upon removing them, they blink for about five seconds before ceasing.
(See video; neither the left (base) nor the right will stay active long enough
to pair anymore.)So my 40$ is now confirmed to have been spent on complete junk.
Definitely don't buy these.
    Updated: I ordered these earbuds based on the reviews it had received on
Amazon. I was looking to replace a pair of Zolo Liberty earbuds and save a
little money (esp. since the Pasonomi appeared to be rated higher). This is
actually my second pair of these earbuds as the first pair I received had some
audio issues.Likes: Really liked the idea that I could use the case to charge
other devices. Easy to see indicators on charging status. Overall build quality
seemed decent. Pairing was pretty easy too and I've had no drop-outs so far.
Sound quality is good and they get surprisingly loud compared to others I've
tried. Battery life is also good, lasting several hours on a single charge. They
also have EXCEPTIONAL customer service! (More on that in a moment...)Dislikes:
These did not fit my ear nearly as well as I would have liked, despite trying
several different tips. (In full disclosure, I use the largest tips to help
isolate outside noise, but even the largest tip didn't quite work for my left
ear. But that is not entirely unusual for me either. I've run into this before
with other earphones and earplugs for that matter.) Additionally, the mic
quality could be better for making calls (where my wife said she had a hard time
hearing me with these on).To be fair, these are about $30 cheaper than another
mid-range earbud that I use, so it's not unreasonable to expect some differences
overall.Customer Service: As noted earlier, there were some issues with the
initial set of earbuds I received. At first I was disappointed that I would have
to return them (and pay the shipping to do so), but when I shared my concerns
with the seller, they IMMEDIATELY reached out and bent over backwards to make
everything right! They refunded everything AND shipped me another pair (quickly)
to try again. They REALLY went above and beyond! (Probably the best customer
service I've experienced with any online purchase!) They truly want you to be
happy with the purchase. That is for certain!
    Like everyone else I’ve been trying to find a good set of earbuds so far I
can say I found them. No there not beats or apple buds ect but they do just
fine. I like the fact that they’re wireless, they don’t fall out my ear. The
music  is good the bass is good. When received a phone call or when I make a
call people can hear me perfectly fine with no complaints. I can use one earbud
separate or I can use them both they automatically connect with no problems. It
has good battery life. I had this for going on two weeks I fully charged the
case and I have not re-charge the case since I got it and it’s been holding a
charge quite well. Only small down fall I’m not 100% sure on the sound
cancellation it doesn’t completely isolate the outside sound, but that is still
ok and people can still hear me. Also when the earbuds stay in my ear for a long
time they can be a little uncomfortable but overall  I am very satisfied with
these earbuds.
    Okay, so, I've been using this product for a while now, so here's my review
with lists of pros and cons:Pros:1) Sound quality is pretty good, I'll say.2)
Connection is really easy.3) Can walk way from the connected device and mostly
fine with connectivity. This definitely depends on your devices though; I can
walk farther away when they are connected to my laptop, but not quite far when
connected to my phone.4) Not gonna lie, more stylish than I thought when I
ordered this product.5) They sit well even when you are active. I've done
running and jumping with these headphones in my ears.5) Easy battery charging.
Additionally, the case that also functions as an exterior battery is quite
convenient since you don't need another outlet to charge them.6) GREAT CUSTOMER
SERVICE!! I had a problem with my first pair about 6 weeks after my purchase,
and they replaced the old ones with a new pair without any question asked. You
also have an option get a refund instead.Cons:1) Charging is easy, but the
battery life of the headphones itself is not the best. Maybe I should've read
the description more carefully or done more research, but the battery life of
the headphones alone is probably 3~4 hours. You can charge them easily for sure,
but probably not the best headphones if you're someone who is on your headphones
for a long time all day (i.e. I often read or study with music on for hours
without stopping).2) This may depend on devices, but the maximum volume is not
that loud when connected to phones, but it can get louder when connected to
laptops. So it looks like how loud the maximum volume of each device you use is
determines how loud sound these headphones can provide with.Do I recommend them?
Yes. Compared to the price, I think they are great. But, if you are someone who
sits down with your headphones on for a long time (i.e. College Student), I also
recommend you to get wired headphones so that you won't have to pause all of
your sound while charging your pair.
    update: I found out  inside the Box that they give a three month warranty so
I'll update you guys once I find out if the warranty  works ...After reading
several reviews and comparing these headphones to other headphones around that
same price I decided to go with this unknown name. When I first got them they
seem to work great. After a month my left one was not as loud as my right one
and it was considerably noticeable. I called Amazon and try to get ahold of them
but they couldn't do nothing for me. So I guess I'm stuck with them. Basically
one works at a level 10 the other works at a level 2 volume... these are not
used to me like that I would recommend corn with a name brand.
    I bought these and they were great for a few months. You can take them out
of the carrier, place them in your ears, and hear sound with some nice silicon
dampening. The microphone quality for calls was inconsistent and often poor, but
I bought these mostly to listen, and they did well...... for about 3 months.
After 3 months, problems started:- The left bud wouldn't sync with the right bud
and just be quiet.- The left bud would actually connect to the right bud and
kick my phone off!- The right bud would sync with the left bud and both would
shut down.- Each would independently beep indefinitely until I returned them to
the case and tried again.I could solve this once in a while by going through an
elaborate sync/reset procedure, but that lasted until the next time I returned
them to the case and tried again. The overhead to put these in was several
minutes of frustrated insertion, removal, and returning to the case, repeat
until functional.I'm very disappointed with this product, and strongly regret
purchasing it.
    I've been searching forever to find something to fit my small ears. Finally
Pasonomi came through for me and I was totally satisfied with these earbuds at
first. I actually still am,  it's just unfortunate that the right earbud stopped
connecting and playing even after resetting them. Checking online blogs it seems
this is an ongoing problem with this specific set of earbuds.  I mean everything
about these earbuds was just awesome but then that happened. I've been waiting
for a day and a half to hear back from pasonomi via FB messenger about a
solution or replacement. I'll update this post later after I hear from the
company. I would slam them but they fit so good so I just can't. You big eared
peeps might want to steer clear of this set of earbuds 😉. UPDATE 1: Pasonomi
messaged me back and offered replacement earbud(s). I'm not clear if they are
only replacing the right one or the entire set. I'll update this post when I
find out more. So here's my update.... got the new earbuds the day they said I
would receive them. Followed the instructions and connected them and just like
the last pair they are simply amazing. I would purchase these again and again(as
long as they keep their return policy).
    The first time I got them, they worked great for about a month. The right
ear piece no longer charged or worked. Company sent me a replacement. The
replacement has worked well. Sometimes the sound cuts out even when I’m not away
from my phone, but returns quickly. That doesn’t really bother me. I use them
for about 2 hrs 4-5 days a week at the gym. I’d rather have these than have to
pay $170 for AirPods. The company has reached out to me more than once to make
sure I am satisfied. Can’t find that kind of customer service too often these
days. I really appreciate that. That’s why I give this product 5 stars. Customer
service makes all the difference. I am confident that if I have any future
problems, even after the return time, they would be more than willing to help me
out.1/30/20 UPDATEearbuds going out again. As always, it’s the right one. I
guess I expected it. I think I had them less than a year. All 3 lol. But still,
good customer service since they sent me 2 replacements free of charge. Just
wish they actually kept working.
    I waited a few weeks to leave my review after reading the prior reviews
about battery life, dropping calls, sound quality diminishing after the first
few days. I can honestly say after using them for over two weeks now- both left
and right ear bud have worked perfect since day one. Connects very quick & easy
after reading instructions. Sound and call quality is wonderful. I wasn’t
expecting them to have so much bass- I was pleasantly surprised! No static
whatsoever. They are waterproof. Having the option to pause/play songs, also
call just from a tap on earbud is amazing! I also love that I can use only one
ear bud. They are great at noise cancelling so when I need to be aware of my
surroundings,  I only put the left or right one in and it works flawlessly! The
case doubles as a power pack which is an added bonus. I have also used it to
charge my iPhone. Battery life is remarkable. Carrying pouch has been a
lifesaver when on the go. Includes a few different size ear cushions so you can
choose a perfect fit for your ears. They are very light weight & comfortable- I
haven’t had any problems with shifting/moving after putting them in. Range is
great too. Overall, I’m very happy with my purchase- You won’t be disappointed!!
    These are a pretty decent entry level true-wireless headset.TL:DR - For the
price these are a great value.  They don't compete well with $400 and up high
end units, but they have a crisp and clean sound and pair easily after first
pairing.These wireless earbuds a pretty great deal for the price.It took a
minute to get them paired the first time (I had to cycle BT on my phone once.)
but after the initial pairing the connected instantly upon pulling them out of
their case.The case is a nice 2200mAh charger for the buds and they pop into
position magnetically so they don't have a problem charging or being misaligned.
It can also act as an emergency battery for your phone, but I didn't test
that.The sound quality is good, they are on par with other earbuds in the <$100
price range.  The low end is a little thin, but that seems normal for in-ear
buds.  Overall the sound was crisp and clear when listening to music or taking a
call.  Nobody had trouble understanding me.They are lightweight and I had no
problems with them staying in place even when working out!I run at a decently
fast pace and I've had problems with buds falling out in the past.  These are
light enough that they didn't want to fall out.  Also, the kit comes with 6
different sizes for ear cushions so you should be able to find a snug fit.These
aren't sold as noise cancelling, but they do block out a good amount of ambient
noise because of where they sit in your ear.The best feature I discovered (that
wasn't well advertised) is that you can use just one.  If you pull only the LEFT
bud out of the case, it will pair with your phone and you can use it for taking
calls or if you want to exercise but still have awareness.  Additionally, if you
remove the RIGHT bud only it can be paired as a separate device.  So you could
use that stand-alone as well.  Using only one bud limits the control scheme a
little, but it's a super cool idea.The controls are pretty responsive (touch
only, no buttons!) but they take some getting used to in order to learn the
right amount of pressure and timing to activate them.  1 tap = Stop/Start music;
2 taps LEFT = Last Track; 2 taps RIGHT = Next; Long Press 1.5sec = Voice
assistant; Long Press RIGHT & Hold(3 sec.) = Vol. Up; Long Press LEFT & Hold(3
sec.) = Vol. Down.  When I first started using them it was a little confusing,
but it works.Battery Life:  3.5 hours of CONTINUOUS music.  Standby is longer.
Also, as the case is a backup charging unit so anytime they are in the case they
top up.Overall a very good deal on entry level true-wireless buds.
    At first they sounded great and had decent volume. Within about 3 weeks of
each other, both ear buds lost considerable volume and are virtually worthless
at this point.The battery life is baaad. You maaaayyyy get 3 hrs if you're
lucky.The touch sensor is actually a pain in the butt. I have hung up on
numerous calls by accident just by trying to adjust the bud in my ear. Virtually
all the surface area that you can grab hold of is part of the sensor. It.. is...
ANNOYING!Lastly, the mic apprears to be poor quality. I had several calls where
I just abandoned the buds all together because the caller couldn't hear me well.
Note this was while I was in my car, absent wind or ambient noise.At this point
this is an underpowered, over priced battery pack. No not buy!
    I have tried several kinds of wireless earbuds, and have found most of them
to have pretty bad sound quality. I was completely blown away by the sound on
these! I have been missing my wired earbuds ever since I got a new phone without
an audio jack, but I don't think I will be missing them anymore. These sound
even better than my old wired ones. I don't know how they did it, but these
sound almost more like you're listening to a speaker than earbuds. I was so
impressed I made my mom and my boyfriend both try them, they agreed that they
were remarkably good.Another nice feature is their charging box, it charged my
phone very quickly and has kept the earbuds charged very well. I have used the
earbuds pretty much all day at work for two days and charged my phone once. I
charged the box for about two hours while I took the earbuds to the gym with me,
just to see if they would stay in while I went for a run. They didn't move
around at all and stayed paired with my phone when I put it down to do things
like weights.Also, I did not think I'd use the tap controls on the earbuds
because usually it's just easier to use my phone. However, while using them at
the gym it turned out to be very helpful to change songs I didn't want to listen
to and it worked very well.Another thing I appreciated is that the earbuds and
case were both fully charged when they arrived and the earbuds paired really
easily. The voice telling you they paired with your phone is not at all
irritating, and helpful in that you don't have to worry about thinking your
earbuds are connected when they aren't and blasting your music on accident.
    For the price I was fairly impressed! I have a Sumsung S8+ which worked
great with these.Things I noted:1) I was able to switch from one ear phone to
the other and it would stay connected to the music. For example, I work in an
environment were I have to be semi-aware of what is happening around me, I am
able to put on ear phone (left or right) back into the case and the music will
switch to using only one earphone while the other charges in the battery pack,
bring me to #2 (I noted a small problem, most likely a bluetooth fundamental,
when I put the earphone that connected first back into the case they stop
playing music. When this happens I just put them both into the case for 5-10
seconds and pull out the one I wanted. Then it connects instantly. Not really a
problem in my opinion2) I am sure other earphones have a carrying case that is
both a charger and carrying case, but I really like being able to charge them on
the go, knowing that when I pull them out of the case It is charged.3) The sound
quality at first was bad for me ->>>> However, when it switched the tip to the
next largest size the bass and music quality greatly increased. <<<<----- If you
experience poor sound, try changing the tips. They provided several sizes.4)
They are not very heavy in my opinion, I forgot they were in my ears within
minutes, they feel no different than an ordinary earphone with cord hanging off
of them - except there is no cord  - yay!5) I cant hear anyone around with me
with music on (around 40-50 % volume. If I can hear them, they are naturally
load people6) I didn't get any cracking or popping of the sound on 80-100%
volume listening to EDM (my music of choice), However Listening to the piano on
these was a treat, as well.7) I believe these are IPX7 and are water rated to a
depth of 1 Meter for 30 minutes - same as my smartwatch - so I will be taking
these through some water and will see what the experience is.Overall I am very
surprised. I am glad I bought these thus far. If anything changes I will update!
    These earbuds were something I've always wanted but were skeptical because I
was so used to wired headphones and wasn't sure if they would stay inside my
ears. I was totally wrong! These earbuds are able to be Bluetooth to any
Bluetooth device you own, for me, I connect them to my laptop and my mobile
phone.  I was impressed that they actually fit perfectly inside my ears and they
are super comfortable too, too comfortable in the fact that I keep forgetting
there inside my ears.  I love the sound quality too. They definitely do cancel
out any surrounding noises and that is a plus when I am at the gym working out
and just wanted to listen to my music without any distractions. They are cute,
fashionable and they are perfectly fitted to my ears.  I'm totally sold now with
the wireless buds, I don't think I could go back to the wire headphones for with
those, you risk losing sound from the tangled wires. With these, you don't
really have to worry about losing sound because they are good quality buds, they
last a long time when charged.  Another thing I like is the charging case.  When
you're finished using the earbuds, safely set them back in it's charging case
and you're good.  Say goodbye to the old fashion wired headsets folks, cause
wireless is where it's at! With today's new phones not having the input for
wired headphones, you'll end up needed the wireless headsets anyways and with
these, you'll love em.
    I have small ears and small earholes. The headphones that wrap around the
ear were too big for me and kept falling out when I run so I decided to try
these. I'm so happy to say that the fit is awesome and I'm incredibly pleased
with the sound quality. I regularly use them for two hours and have never had a
problem with them losing their charge. I charge the case after two or three uses
although I could wait longer.I had a problem with the charging case; it's
started rejecting one earbud as though the inner magnet that attracts the ear
bud to stay in the case had flipped or something. The earbud kept popping up and
although the lid for the case would push it back down it didn't seem to be
charging as well as the other one. I emailed the seller and they were super
quick about responding and sent me a replacement immediately, which arrived in
two days. Overall I'm very satisfied and I definitely recommend this product. I
would also be happy to buy from this company again.
    I originally purchased these as a birthday gift for my husband. I tested
them out for a few days before wrapping them up and absolutely fell in love. I
purchased a pair for myself just a few days later. They are remarkably
comfortable and the sound quality is amazing. Bass is deep, vocals are clear and
ambient noise is practically cancelled. I wore these to a family/friends day at
the air show and we were pretty close to the jets; these worked better than the
foam earplugs to dull the noise. The controls work well- tapping/holding the
earbud to pause, next, ect. Although it is a bit sensetive. For example, if i
tuck my hair behind my ear, the song may pause if i touch them accidentally.
I've used them for calls a time or two and could be heard on the other end
without a problem. Tho I've never used them to charge my phone it's nice to have
the option since i carry these in my bag, but not a portable charger.I wear
these pretty casually, but my husband wears them about 5 days a week while at
the gym for about two hours at a time. He did have an issue after 3 months of
use with one of the buds being near silent and the other playing perfectly. I
reached out to the company via email and they wrote back immediately and offered
a replacement along with a video tutorial of how to fix the issue. We tried the
video fix first and were able to get the bud working again. 5 month later, the
same issue in the same bud reappeared but the video fix did not work. I reached
out to the company again and they offered to send an immediate replacement. You
can tell that they stand by their product and take pride in their design.
They've certainly earned our loyalty. Ordering more as gifts in the upcoming
year.
    lets get to the facts and my personal oppinions. I tried pairing my cell
phone first (lg k20 plus). With my cell phone i felt like the bass was under
powered ecspecially when listening to music but this was specifically with this
device and with a quick and easy download of a "mixer" app it was easily fixed.
I do have this issue with just about every headphone i use because i love bass
over all. Secondly i paired this device with my laptop " hp laptop 15-da0xxx". I
did have a issue getting sound after pairing but after a quick and easy google
search all you have to do to fix that is go into your sound settings and make
the device your default output device and no more issues will occur. I did join
the "vip program" and when the manufacturer emailed me back the next day they
asked how i was enjoying the device and i informed them of this issue they
emailed me back again the following day and did take a proactive approach,
unfortunately the holidays hit and they have yet to respond which is
understandable. The manufacturer is clearly overseas (im in U.S.A.) due to them
emailing at around 3:30 am.. So all in all the company seems proactive in the
care and concerns of its customers. the volume level of the device is awesome
(me personally the louder the better which is probably why i cant hear like i
used to). The bass/treble work beautiful together (depending on the device due
to my cell needing a mixer and my laptop not). Aside for the initial "set up"
they work beautifully (again depending on the device but from my experiance
quick and easy fixes). All in all i thoroughly enjoy these headphones. Now in
regards to the case/portable charger for your phone. The lid on the case when
opened feels a little flimsy (like it could pop off easily) with that being said
it also looks like it could pop back on even easier. The "charger" didnt really
charge it more kept my phone from dieing and kept it at the same battery
percentage (as i was using my phone). That is the only reason i am giving this 4
and not 5 stars is due to the charger not really charging my phone but keeping
in from dieing while in use.
    The case comes with a battery big enough to charge any phone at least 50%,
reserve power. Doesn't do a great job on noise cancellation, can hear ambient
noise well even with volume set to high. Music output quality is great though,
strong bass and clear vocals. These buds also work with phone in my bag or back
pocket, no range problems there, the touch button controls take time to memorize
them and get used to though.Although, I bought the same bluetooth earbuds last
year, this says 2019 version but there's no any difference between them both, BT
5.0 nad 2200mAH, little confused.
    I honestly ended up loving these earbuds WAY more than I expected to! They
paired to my phone instantly and I rarely have any issues with keeping them
paired with each other or the phone. As for the sound quality...totally floored.
At first I was a bit disappointed because they sounded a bit hollow and had no
real bass to them, but then I swapped out the rubber ear plugs for a tighter fit
with the ones they provided and BAM! They sound absolutely amazing! I love them!
The design is great too. They don't stick super far out and aren't heavy at all.
They fit my ear really nicely and don't jiggle. They haven't fallen out in any
of my runs either. Low profile and secure! In addition that bonus of using the
case as a back up charger for my phone is great! I actually used it this weekend
while I was camping. Did it charge as fast as a wall plug? No. Did it charge and
keep my going the entire trip? 100% absolutely! I cant say enough about how
impressed I was with these.
    I really wanted to like these headphones due to the excellent noise
canceling and the case which acts as a charging bank. After using them all week
at work (5 days, 8 hours), it was apparent that these headphones would not be
something I would keep.The biggest issue is the pain that occurs when these are
in your ear for more than about an hour. The headphones are kept in via a
pressure system against the inside of the ear and this causes pain after awhile.
Another issue is the poor battery life - I could not get more than 2.5 hours
before I got the battery warning chime.This brings me to my 3rd and final issue
- THE LOW BATTERY WARNING CHIME! At 20%, you will get this incessant "Low
Battery, Please Charge!" and several beeps until you charge them. I could
understand if this was once at 20%, once at 10%, once at 1%, etc, but this
occurs once every 30-45 seconds, rendering them completely useless. This causes
the battery life to be effectively shortened to 80% use when the battery life is
already not stellar.Overall, I cannot recommend this product. They were
returned.
    Once they connect and are playing your media, theyre pretty solid. The
charging case is nice, the fit of the ear buds is good (dont feel like they are
going to fall out, for instance), and they are fairly comfortable. My biggest
complaint is pairing/controls and range. These are my first all-wireless
Bluetooth earbuds, so i dont know how standard these controls are. But when you
first turn on the buds they default at about 50% volume, which is too quiet even
at full volume from my phone. Adjusting hardware volume require both ear buds
(long press left bud is volume down, long press right bud is volume up)...
Pairing is also an issue, it sometimes takes me a few tries to get the earbuds
paired with my phone; sometimes my device will say its paired with the buds but
the buds don't say "paired, left channel" or whatever, so i try again... Once
paired, they work fine, except for the fact that if i have my phone in my pocket
or even holding my phone in my hand while walking, the connection is weak and
audio cuts in and out. I have to put my phone in my chest pocket or hold it at
about chest height to keep the audio uninterrupted.
    Pretty great for the cost, but we bought two pairs and both eventually gave
out on us. One pair was about five months in and the other, about 7. The sound
slowly went out on one side. Other thing is, the battery life is incredible, but
they do start to malfunction A LOT when the battery starts to get low. The
crummiest part, you don’t usually know until you already have them in with
intentions to use them then suddenly they are having trouble connecting and
staying connected or refusing to disconnect even. On a positive note though, we
used them daily at the gym and they are great in comfort and style, they stayed
put well even during running or intense workouts and were comfortable for
extended wear. In the long run, pretty good for the cost, but probably not going
to last you very long. (Please note though, both myself and my husband used
these nearly every day for a solid six months, so they were well loved. If you
have intentioned of using them less often, these may be perfect for you!)
    These headphones are fantastic lately I've been using them for audiobooks
while walking. They stay in my ear without fearing they'll move if I pick up the
pace to a jog. You can pair these with up to two devices at once. Easy to use
keeps charge a few days, charges quickly and easy to place in your purse or
pocket.
    I bought these primarily for listening to music while relaxing or working
out at the gym. For both of these purposes, I don't have any complaints. I was
happy with the multiple size earpieces to ensure a proper fit. They do tickle
the inside of my ear a bit but after a few min of wearing them, but forget all
about it. I had considered purchasing some other name brand ones which were
double the price and I"m super happy I went with these as they work fantastic
and I was able to avoid spending too much money.I like the storage case/charging
station it comes with. Hoping it will help prevent me from losing the
pieces!Charging is quick and easy and the pairing was super quick to my iphone
X.
    I got it earlier when the Airpod style earbuds aren't that common. The box
is pretty big compared to the current trend. I got a smaller box before but the
battery was usable only for a few months.  It looks like they put a NiCad
battery into it and the capacity degrades very fast. This earbud lasts a lot
longer and the battery is still going strong. There is a USB socket too so you
can charge other things in a daisy chain.The sound is good. I just discovered
that it has a mic too. It sounds about the same or better than the one on my
Chromebook.The pairing is as easy as any other, basically, they will pair or
connect once out of the box.  But if you switch between stereo mode and two
independent mono mode, there is a non obvious reset sequence when they are in
the box.  The newer ones are easier. They pair or connect when you open the
cover.
    Just got these today but i have to say I'm very impressed. Right out of the
box set up and pairing was a breeze, no different then any other blue tooth
devise.The touch pads take a little getting used to but in time after a few uses
I'm sure i will master them. Battery life is OK for this type of head set. so
far I'm going on 3 1/2 hours with pure music and still going strong even as i
write this. OK for all that says they lack the bass well that can be true if
they are not installed in the ears right. I tried all the buds that came with it
and found the medium to be the best for me but it was still lacking bass so if i
pushed them in my ears more the bass would come out but they didn't stay put and
were not all that comfortable.So I had a idea and put my regular med cone shape
buds on them from spares i have and that did the trick no more pushing in to get
bass. So to some it up if you need to push them in your ears to get more or any
bass try different buds from other head sets. I don't think the buds that come
with them are the best quality and don't seal all that great that's why they
lack in bass.These things sound GREAT now with more then enough bass.They are a
little snugger fitting in the case but I found when I close the lid they start
to charge fine. For the money these are a GREAT deal. I have listened to air
pods and i was never impressed with there sound as i am now with these.The
reviews 4000+ don't lie most are very positive.
    I've been using this product for about 6 weeks now, so I feel like I have
enough experience to comment on all the pertinent concerns. In general, this is
a solid product. It has it's pros and cons, as with most products.PROS (let's
start with the good)The price is great - what can I say... $40 for all this is
hard to beat.These fit really well in my ears. I know this can be hit and miss
for most users, because ear shape matters. But they do come with three sizes of
rubber inserts, so I imagine most will find these comfy.The sound quality is
pretty good, if not slightly under-powered. Sometimes max volume is not quite
enough (like when inside my motorcycle helmet when riding, in which case, using
both buds helps).They function independently, which for me is essential. My
previous experience with Bluetooth (BT) ear buds is with singles (not sets), so
I use these both individually more often than together. In other words, I use
the right (with left in the charging cradle) until it runs out of battery power,
then switch, and so on, back and forth. I use them together when I listen to
music and need the full sound (at the gym, hikes, etc).One of my favorite
features is the rechargeable battery pack cradle. As is advertised. this cradle
can charge each bud at least a dozen times, probably more. I think the first
time out it did 15 or so. In six weeks, of relatively heavy use (daily,
switching back and forth), I've charged the cradle itself only once. It still
has all bars itself. I just carry the cradle with me basically everywhere I go
and this always provides a way to charge the buds. Love this!(I haven't used it
to charge a phone or tablet, but I probably will one day. Although, I have a
24000 mAh battery pack I use for this)CONS (not really bad, but less than
good).The pairing can be finicky. This has been mentioned in several other
reviews. I have a rather complex set of BT requirements, so I've had to develop
a system to keep this straight. I have the following BT connections with my
phone: Car audio, sound bar, workstation, laptop, JBL standalone speaker, and a
tablet. And I should note that other sources connect to some of these (which
makes it more complex). The way I set up the earbuds was to label the left EB-
L-P (left primary) and the right EB-R (right). This makes it very easy to use
them separately, which is my primary use case. Whenever I have a problem, I
revert back to the pairing protocol in the user manual. This squares me away
most of time. Also, when switching out after battery is low, I put the used bud
in the cradle and wait a 5-count, then remove the freshly charged one and allow
it to connect.They are kind of large compared to other in-ear buds I've tried.
The single ear buds tend to be smaller and lighter, so I had to get used to
bulkier feel of these. All in all, not that big a deal, but noticeable. I can't
wait for a smaller set of ear buds to come out, something more sleek and light
weight.My least favorite feature is the touch buttons on the buds. I'm used to a
physical button on my previous several single ear bud products. Mainly because
I'm always accidentally pressing it (it's like a small touch screen). Just
picking up the bud and inserting into my ear often starts playing. And if you
have kids who like to muck with your ear buds, well... I'll find my content has
been playing for minutes (or even hours sometimes) by accidental button
presses.One thing I used to do all the time is take the bud out of my ear (when
going into a coffee shop or store) and stick it in my front shirt pocket. This
was not a problem before, but now often is. I much prefer a physical
button.Overall, this is a good (almost great) product. I highly recommend it.
Aside from a few improvements (mentioned herein), I would give this 5 stars.
Maybe the next generation of these ear buds will get my 5.
    I love these! I’ve been using them regularly since I got them. The charging
case still hasn’t died. Granted, I probably don’t use them as often as most
people might, but it’s still significant.The sound quality is top notch, it
handles phone calls well, and the controls are touch sensitive so it’s fairly
easy to operate volume, Siri, and skipping without having to pick up my
phone.The downside is also the touch sensitivity. Firstly it takes some getting
used to handling these puppies without accidentally starting/stopping your music
or whatever else. Secondly these are water proof to a certain extent, but I’ve
had issues with the volume control when the right one gets wet. It cranks the
volume all the way up. No damage to the headphones; just reacting to the water
as if it was my finger. Simple answer is don’t wear them in wet environments.
    First the sound is great.  The instructions were very easy to follow for
set-up.  Right out of the box they were able to be used.  They paired very
easily with my I phone.  They fit great in the ear and did not fall out as I had
experienced with other wireless earbuds.  The sound was great.  I love that the
case can be used to charge your phone also.  I bought these for myself but my 16
year old son tried them and he actually said they were better than the pair he
bought, which cost more.  He said they were great noise cancelling earbuds.  I
think I am going to have to buy him a pair!!
    I found these headphones after wanting to try to use completely wireless
headphones. These had good reviews for working out, talking on the phone, and
just for music. The noise canceling is really great on these. But for the price
you should’ve just bought ear plugs because the sound quality drops quickly.When
I first bought them the sound was loud and vibrant. I used them at work and for
running about 2.5 hours a day. The sound quality started dropping quite a bit
with-in the first two weeks. (I now can’t use them for podcasts with the volume
all the way up because if it’s a soft speaker I can’t hear them.). The volume
will go in and out and for me it’s always all the way up when I use these
headphones where as I used to be able to keep it in the low to medium volume
settings. So I stopped using it for podcasts. Then now when I accept a call the
ear buds will freak out and shut down completely if my phone answers through
them.What I thought was a good deal is now just two useless headphones that
block out noise so you can use them for hearing protection if you’d like.
    A good pair of Bluetooth headphones . Sound quality better than I expected .
The instructions are descreptive enough but there is broken english in use as I
believe this is an Asian brand or something. Not the best for phone calls I have
to speak louder than I've had to before with other pairs of headphones but it's
not terrible . Touch functionalality is good and not overly sensitive. One bad
thing I'll have to note is the headphones charging case isn't the most secure on
keeping the headphones latched to the charging port within the case . The case
itself is solid but the charging port for the headphones youll have to make sure
they are really on there for them to charge at least in my experience .
    My first PAIR of "wireless ear buds" so maybe my expectations are
unreasonable but a few things i found disappointing even though i am generally
satisfied with the product. I've usually use blue tooth earbuds wired from side
to side or single earbuds like the focus.Used for about a month so far, everyday
nearly all day.Bluetooth host device : PH-11. Have to do the Bluetooth dance of
disconnects/reconnects + settings-> output device  SOMETIMES to get the earbud
to output over the speaker even though it has no problem connecting. Most
notable when switching from one earbud to the other.2. Cant turn them off unless
placed back into the CHARGED case. You can disconnect them and they will time
out or place them into the case but if the case is not charged and you leave
them connected to the host device, they will stay on till the battery is
depleted.3. While the touch features neat concept, i often find myself wanting a
button. Trying to place the earbud or reposition the earbud sets off my google
assistant(two taps), i accidentally stop and start content because my arm/hands,
my kids hands, etc will brush against the touch sensor. Scratch your ear? eye?
rub your nose? content stops..4. Using both earbuds at the same time is the only
way the control the volume as touch control only works one way per earbud.
Example, long press the left and the volume will go up(?). Long press the right
side earbud and the volume will go down(?) but both functions cannot be accessed
when using one earbud at a time.Good points: I always do get it to connect,
eventually output to the earbud. Sounds good, comfortable fit, decent battery
life, lots of charges from a fully charge case. Feels like its not the cheapest
thing China makes and they even fit while wearing my motorcycle helmet.Bottom
line, i feel like i got my monies worth. Hopefully they will last, bought it
because it was the cheapest of a similar selection. Wouldn't be adverse to
buying it again if it was still most inexpensive of the bunch.
    I was skeptical if these earbuds would fit in my ears because I've had other
wired earbuds that were too large for my ear canal.  But was very pleased that
they fit great!  The sound was great also and they stayed connected when I went
upstairs to another part of my house.  I didn't measure in feet, but was pleased
with the distance.  The charging case battery has lasted a very long time.  I've
probably used the earbuds for 8 hours and put them back each time I'm finished
and I haven't had to recharge the case at all.  I actually compared them to
another pair of earbuds my father had, and the sound is a little better on
these.  A little less "bass".  Only one downside, which I found in my father's
earbuds also.  If you are connected to a smart TV, the lag can be annoying.  I
haven't found a way to fix this.  If you are buying these to watch Netflix, you
may find them frustrating.  I mainly got them for podcasts and audiobooks, so
I'm very happy!
    I have been searching for a pair of wireless earbuds for my Galaxy Note 9 so
I can listen to my audible books at work. These are the first ones I have found
that fit my small ears and are not uncomfortable to wear. And that was after
returning the Jabra Sport ones I had. There are 6 sizes of ear tips which made
it very easy to find ones that fit both ears. The main bluetooth control is in
the left ear and so far I haven't been able to use only the right one unless the
left is out of the charging box, but I can do it with the left one leaving the
right in the box. I need one ear to answer the phone and hear the boss! The buds
are sturdy and well made but not heavy and fit nicely into my ear. The quality
of sound is very good. I haven't used them for calls, but as I have hands free
in my vehicles, these will mostly be used for privacy listening at work. The
price is great esp for the product and support I rec'd when I asked questions.
The videos on line show IOS steps, but I was told they would try and get Android
ones up since they are a bit different. The directions do give ones for use with
Siri. All in all, unless you are dead set on the Airbuds, you might want to give
these a try, esp if you tend to lose things. The charging case is sturdy and it
comes with a bag to carry that in, along with a short cord. Sweet deal!!
    EDIT 2: And another one bites the dust, the second of the same set of
earbuds just stopped charging. For $50 I would expect them to last a bit longer
than 3-4 months. The other set is still working, so I'm still giving it 2 stars.
Bummed, cause other than the longevity, we really liked them.EDIT 1: I
originally gave these 5 stars, I'm now editing to 3 stars as the right earbud
has stopped working. It just won't charge or work at all. So it pretty much
failed at longevity.  I'm still giving it 3 stars as 3 out of the 4 earbuds
still work but, it's only been a few months and it's no longer a good deal if
they only work for a few months. Bummed because we really liked them.ORIGINAL
REVIEW : I bought a pair of these for my SO about a month ago. He liked them so
much, I wanted to order a pair for myself. I ended up ordering a different pair
in the same price point because they had wireless charging. Unfortunately, after
using them for just a bit, I quickly realized they were not as good as these.
Thanks to Amazon's fantastic return policy, I was able to return those and buy
these for myself too!The reasons I chose these over the other pair (and others
like them) :-Quick and good pairing- I can walk around my entire condo and don't
need to carry my phone with me-Controls on the earbuds- I can change the track,
the volume, play/pause, and even get Siri, with a quick touch to the earbuds-
Good sound - I'm no audiophile and the bass is not super deep but it is well
rounded sound and I'm very happy with the clarity and sound quality (if you're
looking for really deep bass, you probably won't love these as much as I do)
They also get pretty loud if you need that.-Fantastic battery life- like I still
haven't charged them and have used them a ton since I got them. The fact that
the case can charge other things through the USB is a plus but not a deal
breaker for me. Now this also adds bulk to the case, so if this isn't a deal
breaker and you don't want a bigger case, you may not like these, but if you
hardly ever want to charge them, these are a winner.-Each earbud can be listened
to separately- this was one of the biggest things for me- I can have 1 earbud in
and the other one charging, still use the controls, and pick up the other one
and it immediately picks up. And yes each one works like this (there is no
master and slave) Even better, I can pair 1 to one device and the other to
another device and listen to both at the same time!-They are comfortable and
good sized- they come with 6 different sizes of rubber for your ear, yes that
part is cheap, but it's a silicone piece for your ear and it's pretty
comfortable. Even laying down in bed, they don't stick out of my ear so I can
lay in bed with them.-Phone calls are fine- the mic is in the earbud, it's far
from your mouth, so it's going to sound like it's far from your mouth. I didn't
buy these for phone calls anyway and it works as I would expect.Now, I haven't
compared these with Apple or Bose or anything like that, but those are a
completely different price point anyway. Overall, at this price point these are
definitely a 5 star purchase. (Otherwise I wouldn't have bought the second pair)
    So.....  if you like to listen to audio books this set of ear buds is for
you.These wireless ear buds came in and fit perfectly as they were delivered.
Very impressed with the fit and long term comfort of the ear buds.The sound.
Well that leaves a lot to be desired. I wear these everyday for my lunch break
walk.  At first I didn’t really notice how poor the sound quality was. Just
assumed it was normal. After a week or so if use they ended up not being charged
one day. So I had to resort to my free wired apple ear buds.Let’s just say I was
instantly unimpressed with the sound quality of the wireless buds I purchased.
The free and wired buds that came with my phone sounded 1000 times better.I
still am using the wireless buds.  Simply because I hate cords.  But I will be
looking for an alternative pair in the not too distant future.
    When these do work, they're fine. I liked them quite a bit. They're
comfortable and they pair with each other and with my phone very easily.
However, after only four days of light use, the audio started cutting out
whenever I walk with them. If these were just for using while I'm at home, I
wouldn't really mind. These were primarily for when I'm out and about. I can't
walk to the bus stop without the audio cutting out every block. It's a
shame.I've reset them, hoping that would fix the issue, but it hasn't. And it
isn't that they need to charge. The audio still cuts out even if they've just
been charged.
    I have purchased numerous bluetooth earbuds, both wired and wireless. The
problem with the wireless is most often pairing. My previous purchases have been
in the $25-$35 range, so $50 was a leap. The sound quality is what you should
expect for such devices. No noise cancelling. If you want premium sound and
noise cancellation buy some nice $400 over the ear Bose headphones.The instant
pairing of these earbuds is remarkable - both left to right and with my iPhone.
The battery life of the charging case is also remarkable. I use the earbuds at
the gym for a couple hours 4-5 times a week. I put them in the charging case. I
have done this now for 2 weeks and have yet to recharge the case.If you want
bluetooth earbuds with no wire that fit nicely in your ear (5 different size
plugs) and are actually easy to connect to each other and phone, I highly
recommend.I have now used these earbuds for 15 trips to the gym, 2 hours per
session. I put them back in the charging case after each session. Today is the
first time I have needed to recharge the case. Incredible.
    I was asked to provide a review on these ear buds I got. My first thought on
the product was that they worked really well better than other brands I have
bought.I love the case acts as a carrying case and a charging station for the
buds as well as a charging station for other products. The wireless earbuds come
in a nice portable case, which acts as both a carrying case, a charging station
for the earbuds, and its own charging device for other small electronics.• the
fit of the earbuds was great for me. The company provides a few different sizes
as well in the box for others who may need it• Connectivity: We had no issues
connecting the earbuds to my galaxy 9 note.• Sound and Call Quality: I was blown
away by the sound quality. This holds true for a variety of music, from Top 40
to EDM. Likewise, the call quality was crisp and perfect for buisness calls.• I
love that the carrying case acts as a charging port for small electronics. Was
able to charge my phone. It's a slower charge but it works when I forgot my
other chargers.Highly recommended for those looking for new earbuds!
    UPDATE: 15 Sept 2019:I purchased these buds 1 Jun 2019 based on the number
of 5 star ratings. As of this date, (a little over 3 months) the sound on the
right one has become extremely low, to the point I don't even use it anymore,
which defeats the purpose. The left one still functions well, but without the
right one you cant control the volume effectively since one bud controls an
increase in volume, and the other controls a decrease in volume. I'm not sure
how this item received such high ratings, especially when going back and reading
the low ratings and seeing the complaints are pretty much variants of the same
issues. If you really want a good pair of ear buds, spend the money for a good
pair and DON'T SPEND YOUR MONEY ON THESE!!!I've deleted my initial 4 star review
for one more appropriate of this item.
    So they sound alright, charge fast and the charging pack lasts forever
(sometimes) but after using them for a few months I scraped these and got some
Raycons. The things that fell short of usable is that the battery life is only
like 3 hours max. I had connectivity issues where one pod just stopped
connecting completely after about 2 - 2.5 months. I got the rubber ear pieces
stuck in my ear often as I tried to remove them, thats a little heart pumping
and annoying, I went as far as to superglue the rubbers in place. Even without
touching them, just walking around, they tend to fall out of place and they
slipped out of my ear or shifted to where I couldn’t hear anything. And one
really annoying thing is that sometimes I’ll put them away in the case to charge
and then next morning or next time i go to use them they’re dead and the
charging pack is completely drained. If you don’t seat them completely in the
dock, and its near impossible to tell sometimes, it’ll create a draw and kill
the pods and the pack. Lucky it only take like 20 minutes to charge the pods but
the case takes a few hours. All in all they’re not bad for the price but they’re
cheap Chinese ear buds. Spend a little extra and get good ones that dont have
these design flaws.
    I love these earbuds!They come in a great charging/carrying case with
battery built in, so right off the bat I was able to charge the actual buds
completely up. Nice magnetic connection so the buds go right in, plus a fullsize
usb ports lets you charge other devices too!The micro usb cable included is
pretty short and though.The buds themselves are great and sit in my ear
comfortably, plus come with several different eartip sizes. The rubber eartips
also attach pretty tight so no worries about them falling off.Great noise
cancellation as I cant hear people talking, and great music sound quality.Touch
controls are very intuitive, and just a quick check over the manual was all I
needed.Only tiny thing that comes into mind as a potential con is that once when
there was a jolt/jerk from my jumping off something high, the touch control
registered it as a touch and paused my music, but then I want able to recreate
it after.Overall I really like how comfortable and easy to use these are
    These are great for listening to music but maybe not so much for calls.---
What I love-----Presentation: These are for my mom but I always try on any
headphones/cameras/etc myself when buying off brand because many times they
don't work off the box. The box is neat and have a good presentation when giving
it as a gift.-Silicone buds: I loved this! my mom is very particular about
things on her easrs (not too tight, not too lose) so I  am sure that she will
find her size here and there are doubles in case she loses them.-Sound: She will
be using this while working out so it is great for music.-Charging case:
Thankfully it is magnetic and it is easy to place the earbud in place without
having to fidget with it a lot. I did some shaking to it and the earbuds stayed
in place to charge. Also it comes with a bag for the case, it is plastic and can
be easily scratched. I hope the case will keep the case scratch free.---
Suggestions----Print; I could not get a clear picture, but the print on the
earbuds was already coming off on one of the earbuds. Not that big of a deal but
since I am giving them as a gift, it made it look cheap and used.-Microphone:
Not very good. I had to go back to phone/speaker because the person on the other
line could not hear me. Since I bought these for music is not a big deal for me,
but anyone looking to use this while on a phone call, I would say try another
brand.Overall, I am happy with my earbuds and specially since they will be a
gift, I do think there will be a right size ear  bud for my mom.**Will update
after my mom has been using it for a couple months.
    I listen to Howard Stern at work. I'm a contractor and work around customers
and if you know Howard Stern's show you know 75% of the time your customers
should not hear the show you're listening to. These headphones are perfect for
me. One Stern Show is 4 hours long. I start the day listening with the right
earbud while the left stays in the charging case. Almost exactly at by the end
of the show is about when the right earbud needs recharged so I put it back into
the case and then I put the left earbud in and listen to another episode which
gets me through an entire 8-hour workday. The sound quality is perfect for me.
They fit my ears perfect and have not fallen out and I feel so much more freedom
without wires going around my neck or to my phone.I've also mowed my lawn while
listening to music with both earbuds in and the stereo sound was excellent. I
researched lots of earbuds and I'm glad I went with these, in fact I bought a
second set for my coworker a week after my first purchase. I have no regrets. I
see they are now on sale for 29.99 so go get them NOW because I paid full price
and I still felt like it was an excellent deal.
    These were a little uncomfortable at first. The little rubber piece feel
cheap, but once I found the one I like, they have been great. The only down side
is they don’t pair individually. Once the left side does, you’re toast. There is
not button button. They are touch only, so I hung up on a lot of people at
first.  But they pair seamlessly. When I first got it, the case kept charge for
a whole week before I even charged it once. However, if you use it as a phone
charger, it’s toast. Overall, I like them a lot better.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I ended up being very
pleasantly surprised with these headphones. A bunch of people I’m close to have
the air pods but as I lose headphones so easily, I didn’t want to spend hundreds
of dollars on headphones. The main reason I was looking at these was because I
wanted wireless. I wanted to have one in at work so that when we get super slow,
I can listen to my music or watch a show and not have anyone think I’m ignoring
them. Also, I wanted to see if I could work out easily with them in. I’ve had
them now for over a month and here’s the verdict:Visibility: 3/5 As you can see
in the picture, the ear bud is fully visible with my hair up. But with my hair
down, it clearly covers it.Exercise: 5/5 I haven’t had a problem with them
falling out! They’ve stayed in perfectly fine and have made working out
easier.Battery: 5/5 So I don’t really remember how long they're supposed to be
charged, but in this past month and a half, I’ve charged them once. I use them
every day for multiple hours. I do only use one at a time so that does factor in
to over all battery life. The case is pretty bulky. I can’t exactly store it in
the tiny pockets that are typically found in women’s clothing, but it fits well
in my purse.Connection: 4/5 They connect well. One interesting thing I’ve found
out is that if you have two devices connected to your earphones, this can
sometimes cause a glitch in the system. I was watching a show on my iPad,
unknowing that it was also connected to my phone, and the sound kept on skipping
or going out. Easy fix: turned off the Bluetooth on my phone.Sound quality: 4/5
they sound pretty good to me, although I’ve never really invested in the most
amazing sound quality in the past so that could just be me. To me all that
matters is that I can hear, understand, and enjoy my music and shows so I don’t
have extremely high expectations anyway. I don’t believe it has very good bass
quality.Talking on the phone: 4/5 It’s pretty good. Most of the time. Once or
twice the person on the other line couldn’t hear me the whole time so I had to
take out the earphone. But every time other than those, it’s worked just
fine.The look and feel of earphones-I have small ears so if I wear these
earphones for longer periods of time (ie 3-4+ hours) the earphone does start to
hurt my ear a little. Maybe if you have bigger ears, it won’t? It’s not that big
of a deal to me, just thought it was worth mentioning. They look sleek and are
comfortable if I keep them in for less than 3-4 hours. Overall, a great product!
    I wasn't sure how these would compare to AirPods and I'm already very used
to AirPods but the price for these is much more attractive.The pairing process
was simple and easy, simply pop them out of the case and go to your bluetooth
menu and find x9. Pairing is practically instant. It does have some of the same
commands for activating siri, pausing and advancing tracks on the iPhone just
like AirPods - I have the XS Max.After trying out the multiple ear tip size
options, I found one that worked well for me. I will say, these are very nice
for the price you're paying. The noise cancelling is so much better than
AirPods. I've always found AirPods to be semi-noise cancelling for me, but these
blow them away.The sound quality is excellent! It won't compare to 300/400$
earbuds, but these aren't 300/400$ earbuds. The bass is nice and has more oomph
than my AirPods, but it doesn't lack in the mid or high range.The battery life
is nice and it seems to give you a very nice range of listening. I did get 4hrs
of listening so that isn't unrealistic.Ultimately if you want something quality,
wireless, and modestly priced, I think these are a great option as they give
AirPods a run for their money. In that battle, it really depends on how they fit
for you as everyone has different ear shapes.
    I was all over the house and out back and my phone with my music library
stayed in the same place in the house. These earbuds didn’t cancel out once -
great range. I love that they’re completely wireless. A little on the large side
but worth it to skip the connecting wire. Sound quality is really good. Noise
cancellation is decent. Great pair of earbuds. Recommend
    I am amazed by the sweet and considerate design of this pair of beautiful
earphones which are cradled in a small sleek case and this case is actually
power bank which can  charge the earbuds anytime in your pocket. I can use
either of them and charge the other one.  You will never worry about running out
of power with the earphones. The sound  is crystal clear for me or the other one
when I make a call.  Even when driving or walking on the noisy street, the sound
is clear enough.  Initially I am worried if it could fall off my ear while
walking or jogging, after 3 days of wearing, it turns out my worry is not
necessary. And with long wearing, I don't feel any discomfort.  This gadget is
also easy to operate. They are always auto paired and auto connected when you
wear them. All you need to do is to click on its surface for turning it on/off,
taking a call, or move to next song and so on. Really like it.
    Works pretty good, but the sound cuts out under some circumstances, like
when I'm walking down the street and especially when I'm walking through the
train station. When I'm on the train or in the gym, it seems to work pretty
good.Update: 7/27/19I've demoted my review because of additional problems that
have popped up.  First, pairing to my phone while docked in the charger. I
couldn't understand why I was losing the sound on videos I tried playing on my
phone only to discover that the stupid earbuds kept pairing with my phone WHILE
THEY WERE CHARGING! I would tap my phone to disconnect but it would repeatedly
pair up again until I had to turn off the bluetooth on my phone.Second, the
earbuds wouldn't charge when docked in the charging station (which is probably
why they kept pairing with my phone since they thought they were undocked). I
would take them out, put them back in, try cleaning the contacts, push them down
in the charging station, but they wouldn't recharge. I never know from one day
to the next if they will be properly charged or disconnect from my phone when
they're docked. Sometimes they do, but often they don't.
    EDIT 1: After using for another day or two the right ear bud is starting to
inconsistently work...I bought these ear buds to use at my job, like many people
today I work in an open office setting so need to be able to focus despite there
being constant chatter and potential interruptions.So far these ear buds are
working well, they don't do a great job at pure noise cancellation but all you
have to do is turn up the volume a bit. It was easy to get them paired, and
while I've had a few issues here and there around one ear bud pairing and the
other not, nothing has been persistent or outside of the normal fussiness I find
with all bluetooth products. You can tap the side of them to pause the music if
you do need to stop and engage in a conversation.Battery life seems great, and
the fact that you get a charging case included in the 50$ price point is very
nice. The quality of the ear buds themselves seems on the lower end - the feel
of the plastic and rubber parts for example is not premium but it is
serviceable. Sound quality is also good, not great of course but at this price
point I would certainly say it is better than expected.All and all, I don't
think you can wrong with these as an entry point to having wireless ear buds.
    I read a lot of reviews here and looked up youtube reviews upon purchasing
these. I was decently impressed! Let me address some of the things I found while
reading reviews.1) No bass- This actually was less of an issue than I thought. I
appreciate a good bass when working out and was worried these wouldn't
deliver... maybe it's because my expectations were low but overall these handle
bass decently well.2) Weird tip covers- These buds have a long "shaft"...? The
part that goes into your ear canal is long, it goes deeper into your ear than
normal earbuds do. Therefore, the tips have to be shallower than other earbuds.
THIS CAN BE IRRITABLE and takes some getting used to.3) Pairing and
connectivity- I did find these to cut out occasionally... not enough to have to
repair or reboot the headphones. Honestly, I didn't mind it too much. It
probably cut out about 4 times during my 1 hr workout.PROS and CONSPros:1)
Turning them on and off as well as the pairing is super easy. This
functionality, I'd say, is just as good as something like the PowerBeats Pro or
Earpods. Pull them out of the case - they turn on and auto-connect to my device.
Put them back into the case and they turn off.2) Lightweight and balanced. They
didn't fall out of my ears.3) The sound quality was much better than I expected.
Again, maybe I had low expectations but they sounded great. Because they go deep
in your ear you also have almost no outside sound coming through, which is a
huge plus for me.Cons:1) Because they go deep into your ear they can be
uncomfortable at times. I realized that the more I used them the more my ears
got used to them... but, they are uncomfortable to begin with.2) The case is
bulky. In fact, I left the case in my car before entering the gym.Overall, you
get what you pay for and a little more with these headphones. Don't expect the
world, but for a budget pair, they're not bad!
    This is the third wireless set that I purchased and the first I am happy
with.I first got the Tribit X1 True Wireless Earbuds which I liked but the sound
in one of them would go out randomly.  It was very annoying but manageable.  I
stopped using them when my dog ate them.The second pair I got was the Bokai
Nobby Wireless Earbuds.  Again, the sound was good when it worked but it would
lose reception almost like a radio signal getting fuzzy.  This was more annoying
than no sound at all and my least favorite of the three.These ones have 3
different pad choices to fit your ears are comfortable and sound good.  I charge
every night so I can't attest to battery life but it does get me through my
workout.I do also use Apple Airbuds for my work iPhone and I would say these are
comparable to them.
    Update: Ended up returning these, due to exactly the reason many people
didn't like them: if your phone is in your pocket and you're walking, the
connection cuts in and out. I thought it might not bother me but it was vertigo-
inducing. I'm saving my money for a name-brand version that has proven
themselves.I read the reviews and realize some people didn't love these. I don't
love them either, but it depends on how much you want to spend. As it is, I'm on
the fence if I'll still keep them. The sound quality is not bad, except that
every few minutes, it sounds like a record scratching... And every other few
minutes, the right earbud disconnects and reconnects.The fit is fairly
uncomfortable to me. I don't like the rubber flanges and my ear canals are
fairly large. The instructions in the package are not sufficient to understand
how to run the touch controls. Either that, or the volume is not actually
controlled from the touch controls. Finally, I understood that the charger would
work with my Qi pad, but it does not. That was one of the biggest reasons I
purchased these over another brand.  I wouldn't buy them again.
    Great earphones and worth the price. very light weight and produces
incredible sound quality with crystal crisp treble.  Both the earplugs pair with
each other the moment they are out from the charging box. In a matter of seconds
it gets connected with the phone (android or iOS) and you are good to go. great
addition to the gym buddies out there who love music on the go. Goes on and on
for hours together and also the charging box charges these very quickly.  Best
part - you can charge your phone  from USB port  (included in the package) too
if the are out of battery while you still enjoy the music while the earplugs are
on!!Comes with multiple earbuds in different sizes. This is perfect for running,
jogging, exercises, gym, fitness, travelling and stays fit with the ears.Does
not come off easily because of the ergonomic design. all in all these are great
earphones and should be surely a part of your daily workout!!
    I bought these wireless earbuds for mainly gym use (cardio). I read some
reviews, some very good, others complaining the right ear bud stopped working. I
bought these May 2019 and it's now October 2019 and the right one has failed me.
When you put the buds in your ear, it tells you that it is pairing and
connected. The right ear bud says connected, yet music only plays on the left.
When they were both working, sound quality was good, noise cancellation was
excellent, it drowned out background noise from other gym equipment, and I only
had to charge the charging case once every few weeks (went to the gym every
other day for 45 min). But now the right ear doesn't work and so I bought
airpods instead.
    First of all I have smal ear canals and it is very difficult to find earbuds
that fit without causing pain.These come with 4 different bud sizes.  The second
to the smallest fit me perfectly.  The sound is pretty darn good for
earbuds.They stay surprisingly well.  To test this theory I put them in the ears
of my seven year old and had her do her thing (she is crazy active!).  They did
not fall out in over an hour of use.  In fact she fussed at me when I took them
back.They pair very quickly and I love that I don’t have to turn anything on and
off.  I have not used the charging base for my phone but have used it quite a
bit to charge the earbuds.  The lighting system for charging is easy to see and
read.The longest I have used them for has been about 4 hours straight.  They
still had plenty of battery life.  I love that the charging case is small and
compact.  Fits in my pocket easily.
    I haven't used these enough yet to rate the battery life.  The buds fit well
in the ear, they pair to themselves & my phone super easily.  It is important to
make sure you use the correct sized ear pieces, makes a big difference in sound
quality.  As others have said, there really isn't any base to them but the sound
quality is clear & for the money they seem like good ear buds.  It is also nice
to be able to use the charging case to charge other devices!  You can check
battery life for the charging station by pressing a button on the side, blue
dots show up for battery left.  To see how much use for the ear buds, when u
pair them to your device it shows percent left.  I have used these for a while
now & when I vacuum it's 45 minutes to an hour, they were down 20%.  The battery
charger lasts a long time.12/8/2019. Update:  the right ear bud has stopped
taking a charge & syncing to the left, they r now useless...
    The holiday season is here, so I didn't expect such quick delivery. My
package was delivered a day early. I'm so impressed with the quality and the
ease of setting the earbuds up. I followed the easy to read and understand
instructions. The sound quality is just unbelievable! I had been looking and
comparing these wireless Bluetooth earbuds with other name brands. I'm that
person that reads the reviews and will compare for days, weeks or months before
buying. There were a lot of good reviews on this item. I'm so glad that I choose
this brand. They are very comfortable, and the sound is incredible. I can't say
enough about these. I'm so impressed that I will be buying another 2 pairs for
Christmas gifts for both of my children.
    I rarely leave reviews unless I am blown away by a product, either
negatively or positively. Unfortunately, these earbuds fall into the negative
category. Like other reviewers have pointed out, the sound quality is great for
the price. The buds don't seem to have active noise cancellation, but if you
take the time to test the different rubber tips you should be able to find a
good fit which makes them decently comfortable for a few hours and adds to the
audio and "noise canceling" experience. I was extremely excited to find that
pairing was quick and easy with my iPhone 8+ and after attaching the correct
rubber tips I was very impressed with the sound quality.  I walked around my
residential neighborhood and was sure that I had found a suitable replacement
for when I did not want to carry my Bose OE Bluetooth headset around (no, they
don't sound as good as the Bose but better than AirPods mostly due to the rubber
seal).However, walking around my immediate neighborhood or in-home use are
really all these are good for now. The reason for my poor review is because
these earbuds are extremely prone to interference (which is common for this
style). I attempted to use them the next day around my office in Queens, NY
which is where the disappointment set in; simply walking down a busy street
caused the right earbud to lose signal. I followed the online directions to
reset and repair the buds (something that many reviewers and the manufacturer
claimed would help, but no luck). I hoped that it might just be an issue near my
office as my cellular has difficulty with reception there as well, so I tested
in Manhattan, NY and they barely functioned at all.  Standing in a busy NYC
intersection caused both earbuds to lose connectivity to my phone, something
that NEVER happens with my Bose OE. They are so unusable in the areas where I
would want to use them most that I requested a return from Amazon, though I was
super busy and failed to send them back in time. I'm now out $50 which is mostly
my fault, though they are clearly under powered when it comes to pairing. I
still prefer to use my Bose headset at home and would never recommend these to
anyone intending to use these earbuds in a semi-populated (urban / city)
area.Lastly: taking a call is fine indoors, but these are not usable in noisy or
windy environments for phone conversations. I've had friends threaten to kill me
if I ever called them a second time while using these outdoors. lol
    I've had these for about 2 weeks and I'm loving them. I bought them because
I read reviews that you could use them individually (Right while Left is in the
case and Left while Right is in the case). I read another person's review and
instructions on how to do this with NO AVAIL! I tried like 50 times! I totally
gave up on the dream that I'd ever have them L & R and left the L ear bud named
X9-L.  One day I pulled out the right one and put it in my ear and in the time
it took me to do that and reach for the R, my bluetooth found a new X9! I was so
excited. I immediately connected it and renamed it X9-R. I could probably never
do it again but it happened and I'm grateful it did. If you dont have success
following the other reviewer's instructions,  maybe try my method of leaving the
Left one named X9-L and one day just pull of the right one and let the bluetooth
on your phone find it randomly. If you're still reading this, I'm sorry for
being so wordy! Hope you enjoy these as much as I do!!
    I got these as a birthday present as they were very highly recommended by
other reviewers, however I felt that they fell short of expectations. What I
liked about them the most was probably the battery life and charge time.
Everything else seemed like a compromise.Fit: The quality of the ear inserts
felt cheap, and didn't do much to keep them securely in my ears. There were
multiple occasions where an ear bud fell out of my ear, once nearly landing in
my coffee at my desk. I quickly moved my cup, and instead spilt coffee all over
my new notepad.Connectivity: These earbuds were supposed to be able to connect
to multiple devices, but never easily to the one I wanted. I was playing muscle
chairs with them across devices constantly cycling on and off the Bluetooth
connections. This becomes tedious after a short while.Sound quality:This was a
real issue for me. Partially because I could never get these to sound balanced
between the earbuds. On always seemed louder than the other, and sometimes it
switched ears as to which would be louder than the other. There was no
consistency, even after switching out the tips for the ears. They seemed clear
for talking, since nobody ever complained about not being able to hear me, but
the bass output was really lacking.IPX7:This was actually one of the better
selling features that held up its end of the bargain. I was rather satisfied
with the water resistance. After multiple workouts, they still maintained their
resistance.I tried these out for almost a full month before throwing in the
towel on them. I wanted to like them and prove the reviews right, but they never
performed that great. Too bad.
    I have used Powerbeats (failed after a month), Samsung galaxy ear buds,
Bose, and numerous other wireless and true wireless earbuds for when I am at the
gym. These are better than most. Sound quality is a little less than Bose, about
the same as the Powerbeats, and better than others. HOWEVER I sit in a sauna for
20 min before and after my workouts (not mention I sweat like a prostitute at
confession while working out) and these make it through that without overheating
every single time. This is my second pair as the first one started to have a
little "glitch" in the right ear bud after a year and half of constant abuse. So
for 50 bucks I got another pair. Cheap, reliable, and good sound quality. Not
near the Bose sound but hell again they're 50 bucks! I highly recommend.
    I am not an audiophile by any means, but was absolutely impressed with the
sound of these headphones.  I use these with my Galaxy S9+.  I've had some
difficulty with other headphones with my Galaxy phones, however these have been
seamless.  I spent a lot of time reading reviews on many different headsets and
many having very wimpy bass.  I was actually very pleased with the bass level.
The only very minor short coming is ideally a bit larger size ear inserts to
feel a little more snug in my ear.  They come with 2 sets of small, medium and
large-I just wish there was an XL insert and these things would be absolutely
perfect and for the price you can't beat them in my opinion!!
    Acceptable headphones,  nothing to write home about. Battery life is
abysmal. The case was a piece of trash and when driving in my car with my car
hooked up to the car stereo, it would allow the earpiece to loosen up inside of
it and reconnect to it, stopping playback thru car stereo. I would have to
manual “forget device” every time I got in my car and that got really real old,
really really fast. The company is disgusting however. After less than a year,
one side stopped working. I reached out and they told me to “clean the earwax
and get back to them”. I responded that they weren’t dirty but I cleaned them,
and never heard back from them! Reached back out and nothing. No customer
support, no regard for consumer satisfaction. Garbage product and garbage
company.
    First the good: the case makes storage and charging very convenient. I can
see the appeal.Sound quality is okay, though I've heard better from cheaper
headphones. The rubber ear pieces are all on the small side, so even with the
largest it doesn't make a good seal. They aren't at risk of falling out unless
you accidentally brush them, but it's hard to hear what's playing in a noisy
environment. Also tapping them acts as a button for google assistant, so if you
try to adjust them it will stop what you are playing. (there may be a way to
disable this, but it's an annoying default).Not a flaw, but a matter of
preference, but I've realized I prefer the type of bt headphones which are
connected with a wire since it's one less piece to fuss with, and if one ear
falls out it won't land on the grown.Finally they stopped playing any sound
after just a few months (though I still get the auto connection notification). I
would return them, but it's not worth the hassle.
    I buy cheap earbuds on sale because I lose them constantly.  These are
pretty good, but not as good as the Neo Liberty that I splurged on.  But better
than the other cheap ones.  They arrived fully charged, and there is actually a
usb port to plug something else in that needs a quick charge, in my case
probably another set of lost earbuds that I have just found.  One thing I'd like
to say is that it was not easy to figure out how to open the case to get the
earbuds out.  That me about 30 minutes.  I'm not sure if it was my nurseheimer's
or there really is a usability issue.  At any rate, now I know how to do it, and
these earbuds are good enough for someone like me who can't keep track of her
earbuds.
    This newer version is ridiculously awesome!My husband and I each have the
previous version and we LOVE them. With the previous version, you had the
ability to listen to one earbud at a time, thereby continuously listening
without waiting for charging. All you had to do was pair the side you had
switched to. This new version doesn't even require the pairing! You can pull out
the charged side and it's already paired and playing. The previous version had
an issue with microphone quality on calls, but people are telling me I sound
really good on this new version. My husband will be getting a pair of these now,
and we will use the older version as backup. 👍😁👍
    My previous headphones had to go down the drain due to connection failure.
Because they were wireless (still had a cable that connected them) I was curious
to checkout some "true wireless" headphones. After reading up on them a bit, I
decided to purchase these. Took me some time to figure out how to use them,
because I didn't remove the little plastic strips that covered the charging port
parts. Once I removed those (read the instructions :D), they charged immediately
and very fast and the battery life is amazing! I can go to the gym for days and
get 1.5 to 2 hour workouts in and it's no problem. I LOVE how they fit in my ear
and COMPLETELY drown out any other sound. Gets me 100% focused and in the zone.
They are feather light, so if I only wear one I keep the other one in the box so
I don't loose it or crush it by accident. The sound quality is flawless. The
base sounds great, especially when you turn it up quite a bit. My personal
experience has been nothing but great with talking. I don't know if one works
better than the other, but I always use the one in my left ear and was able to
talk without a problem on a dog walk for a good 45 min. I have yet to test them
out in water, gonna try a light swim and shower soon.The charging base feels
great as well, it has weight to it and the magnetism in the box for the buds
make it super convenient to throw em back in there.As for the fit, I did
everything with them: normal Power lifting, back flips, cross-fit, HIIT, jump
rope, you name it....they don't move.I have had several people approach me about
them and I strongly recommended them to all, resulting in 2 of them buying their
own pair, and I got some my wife recently (Pasonomi, want to talk about an
endorsement deal ;)?)Bottom line: Best headphones I've ever owned! Get yourself
a pair :)
    I've been looking for wireless earbuds for a few months now, and after
reading so many different reviews of many different products, I settled on
these. Primarily these were within my budget and seemed to have all of the
features I was looking for.The packaging overall is excellent; reminds me of how
Apple packs their products. The box easily slides out using a small strap, to
expose the products. Everything was packed very well, making it really simple to
unbox and setup.What's in the box?- Wireless earbuds- Small carry case for the
earbuds which also keeps them charged when not using- Plenty of extra rubber ear
caps- Charging cable- Carry pouchOverall, I'm extremely impressed with what I
received. The travel charging case is a really nice touch! I'd expect the buds
to cost more than the price they sell for.Read the instructions, and pairing was
a sinch. I was able to unbox and actually start using the earbuds in less than 3
minutes time. For the price, I'm rather impressed with the overall sound
quality. The audio is definitely crystal clear, sharp, and filling. You will not
find better earbuds at this price.Battery life so far has been excellent. The
longest I've used them is about 2 1/2 hours and they still performed well.If
you're looking for quality earbuds that feature premium quality design and
sound, you won't be disappointed with these. Highly recommened.
    I was pleasantly surprised at how these headphones fit into your ear. I've
never really been a huge earbud fan, but these fit much better than a typical
earbud. They actual part that sits into your ear fits nicely, and the actual
speaker is small enough that it sits comfortably without blocking your ear
canal.The sound quality is good for the size of the speaker too! The bass isn't
crazy deep, but that's to be expected from this style of headphone.The only
issue I had was that I had a difficult time pairing them to my phone, but that's
because I misunderstood the instructions. To pair it, you initially pull the
tabs off the earpieces, put them back into the case, and then pull them out
again to pair them. Once you pull them out of the case, then you can pair it to
your phone. I was attempting to leave them in the case and trying to pair. That
was the only hiccup I had with them, but now they're awesome!
    Update. They went bad, one ear would be static. I contacted AMAZON for help
and they pawned me off to the company. They did ZERO for me. Once again the big
shaft when it comes to warrant.... I can see if it’s over the year buts not even
a year yet. Come on Amazon take care of your customers! Get rid of the bad
vendors.This sound is OK, they are very small and fit in my ear very
comfortably. The issue is battery life you get three hours and that’s about it.
It’s good for laying in bed at night listening to music or watching a movie.
However if you think you’re going to use it all day at work no way. You have to
recharge it every three hours. Other than that I really like them. And the price
was really good to
    These are too sensitive to touch, if you’re on a call and barely tap the ear
bud, including accidentally bumping your ear or adjust fit, it will end the
call. If listening to music same issue. I have small ears so this may not be an
issue for all, but they slowly slip out of place so I have to adjust them often.
Have to keep phone near by if you want to answer calls or go to next song. They
don’t have automatic shut off, standby or sleep mode to preserve battery life,
the charging case being able to act as emergency charger for you cell phone is
really the only plus side to these. If you want Bluetooth headphone I’d suggest
the wired ones with the toggle switch which allows you to control volume,
answering callers, music.
    I have only used the earbuds for listening to music and have not tried the
phone option.  The price was right on these earbuds and the overall size is
small compared to other wireless earbuds.  They do not stick far out from your
ear have cords/batteries that go around your neck or look like weird earrings
(like the Airpods).  They fit comfortably and stay in your ear when running.
Battery life seems to be around 3 hours (depending on volume), they connect/pair
easily with my iPhone as well as a Garmin vívoactive 3 Music watch.the sound
quality is the down side, there is no bass, not even a little bass.  The sound
is crisp and clear however they just lack any type of bass.  Before these
earbuds I was using a pair of wired Sony or Skullcandy earbuds and the bass was
way better (never paid more than $15 of wired earbuds).Overall nice earbuds for
the price they just need much more bass.  Next time I think I might spend more
to get a fuller range of sound.
    I have had these Pasanomi Bluetooth Earbuds for a few weeks now.  I have
used them just about every other day and have yet to recharge the case.  I use
them mostly on my commute to and from work.  They are on anywhere during that
time for 48-60 minutes and I have yet to use these on an occasion where they run
out of power.  I have used them for around 1.4 hours max, at one time, while
exercising on a treadmill while paired with a tablet.  I am confident they could
have gone longer without charging them up.  As with any device, there are some
really good things, some good things and some things I don't personally care
much for, but are not deal-breakers.First the really good and good things.1)
battery life has been excellent2) I have yet to recharge the case and I have
used the buds consistently once or twice a day.3) The case has enough charge to
power a device like a smartphone in an emergency.  I can't say it can charge a
phone to 100% however.4) There are plenty of ear tips to find one that fits your
ear canal.5) Pairing the buds to my S10 was a breeze and they are quick to
connect.  Pairing them to my tablet was likewise simple.On to the things I
didn't care much for.1) These buds did take a few days for my ears to get to use
to.  I had a pair of noot wired headphones before which were tiny.  The Pasonomi
buds fit easily into my ear canal, however there was a little discomfort in the
beginning regarding how the buds sit on my outer ear.  After a few days though,
it is fine.  I have even dozed off with them in my ears while riding the train
home.  This may be just a problem for me though.2) The sound quality of the
earbuds is good, but not great where lows and bass are concerned.  I think the
noot headphones have a little bit better bass, but otherwise the quality is
similar and they are better than the wired buds that came with my S10.  For the
cost, these wireless buds are good regarding sound.  I think they are clear and
the highs are good, but if your looking for deep bass tones and better lows, you
may want to look deeper into reviews of this and other sets that are higher
priced.  I am in no way disappointed with my purchase and I love these buds.3)
The touch sensitivity of the control for the buds is interesting and I think I
just need to get more used to it.  I have tried to adjust the buds and
inadvertently stopped or skipped a song I was one.  I am better than I once was,
and maybe I just need a little more practice.All in all, I think this was a
great purchase and I value these buds as more than just a device for listening
to music.  The case maybe be bulkier and heavier than the competition, but the
ability to hold a charge for such a long period of time, and power other devices
far outweighs anything negative for me that people have said about the case.  I
would definitely purchase these again and recommend them to anyone looking for a
bluetooth headset and was not as concerned about a perceived lack of bass for
such a small device.
    I really love the headphones!!! They are great. They come with extra buds
for your ears and fit nicelySound quality and great and battery lastsOnly thing
I wish, is with the charging cable, a cube could come. I dont have a USB
electrical socket so have to rotate with my phones cubeFabulous product!!!
Highly recommend!!
    Wow, I'm literally shocked at how good these are I thought it was going to
be cheap earphones but they're pretty high quality and the sound it's great it
does cancel out ambient noise sometimes I cant here my boss yelling at me it's
great. As for working out these are pretty good but doing anything too fast
might knock it out it's only happened to me once doing a frontflip.
    These are great little earbuds, but I see a lot of reviews here indicating
that you can use these fully with two devices (2 device pairing). That is NOT,
in fact, the case. Let me be specific so if anyone is buying these you know what
you are getting -- True multiple device headsets/earphones/buds will be able to
pair with TWO devices seamlessly.  What I mean is, if you have a phone, you can
pair the buds with the phone no trouble. Then if you have a kindle, for example,
you can ALSO pair the buds with the kindle. If you go to work out, you can be
watching your kindle and hearing full sound through BOTH earbuds as you would
expect. If you then get a call on your phone, you will be able to simply pause
the kindle (or it will pause for you), you can immediately take the call and at
the end, simply restart the movie on your kindle. That is FULL  multiple device
pairing and these earbuds DO NOT HAVE THIS FEATURE.- Instead, what you can do is
pair one bud with your kindle, walk a few yards away and pair the other bud with
your phone. You can then watch a movie on one earbud, and if a call comes in,
take that call on the other bud, i.e. NO FULL PAIRING. It's annoying and
frankly, only something you would put up with if you didn't know that full
pairing existed.Apart from that the buds are nice - so if you just want them to
use for your phone or for your kindle, one or the other, highly recommended. But
if you want seamless switching and full multi-device pairing, you need to keep
looking...
    I had these for about a year because I don't want to lose the more expensive
apple one. It started out pretty good. But as time goes on, problems start
popping up. I've list some major issues below.1. signal interference. If i go
somewhere crowded, i often experience signal interference and audio becomes
laggy. Also happens when i put my phone on my person, sometimes when i turn my
head, i can hear audio issues, it's like my body's blocking the signal.2.
improper connection. Over time I've gotten more problems with connecting and
disconnecting. I have to do lot of manually connecting and disconnecting lately.
Example, yesterday I thought my phone's speaker was broken, but after examining
it closely, it turns out the earphones are still connected even tho i put them
in the box for recharge.3. Not good for calling or receiving calls.
    I didn't expect or demand much from these and they delivered.First thing I
noticed was that they didn't have any different sized ear plugs to swap out, but
that wasn't a big deal as the ones that came standard seemed to work. The
charging case and everything else was great. What was odd was that then I used
them, my wireless signal would degrade and my connection would drop.I think, but
I can't prove, that the earbuds were emitting RF noise that would degrade my
wireless. As soon as I disconnected them and put the earbuds in the charging
case, everthing was fine.Vendor was very good about the return.
    Overall I give these earbuds 5 stars because they are a very good buy for
the price value.  The sound quality is very acceptable in my opinion though I
realize this is very subjective and depends what you listen to. See below for
specifics.Things I like:Battery life is good when you factor in the large
capacity battery in the charging case, units that cost twice as much have much
smaller capacity.Buds go in the case only one way so the left one is on the left
of the case, the right one on the right.Voice prompting tells you which is the
left earbud and which is the right.I feel these have a good amount of bass and
generally good sound for something in this price range.Things I don't like:I
wish the earbuds did not switch on if the battery in the charging case dies.I
also wish there was a verbal battery level indicator.
    The earbuds definitely meet my expectations and are a great value for the
price.  I have found the sound quality to be very good but it is dependent on
two things:  First, you need to adjust your EQ settings within your music player
to amp up the bass in order to get a full richness to the music.  Second, you
need to find the right ear-tips for a good solid fit as well.  I had an extra
set of slightly longer silicon ear tips that I used and they worked great.
These fit perfectly in my ears and I barely notice wearing them while moving
around.  I can tap on either earbud to play/pause music.  I have not used these
for phone calls, but that is not a feature I care about. Battery life is as
advertised,  You have to insure that the earbuds are firmly seated in the
charging base to insure that they are charging, any bumping of the case may
cause the earbuds to move and not charge properly.
    Out of the box I'm impressed with the build quality of these earbuds,
adjustable volume control, clear instructions and general ease of use.  Although
supplied with numerous sized ear pads from which to choose the best fit and
comfort I found none that sufficiently sealed or conformed to the contours of my
ear canals.  The consequence of this is that volume and bass seem unacceptably
lacking, most notably with calls received and with listening to rock music while
operating my snow blower.  The bottom frequencies are so appallingly absent,
under this listening condition with operating heavy machinery, that most all I
hear of my music is beat and the hiss of high hat.  With that I've no use for
these earbuds so Pasonomi, if you're reading this review, I think you have an
otherwise fine product here with exception to the portion that's supposed to fit
and fully seal the ear canal.  Yours leak.  Beyond this a free EQ app could
further expand audible frequency range or compensate for leaks around the pads?
As is I've no choice but to reject these... I'm sorry.
    The pairing was perfectly easy. Took the tab off the magnetic parts on the
buds, placed them back in to connect and then back out to pair. Flawless. When
I'm done they just go back in the case and turn off. The bass is a little
lacking, but I've still yet to find a good pair of wireless ones that do have
good bass. But otherwise they sound quality is great. Noise cancelling is
efficient. The shape and size of them are good. Very discrete and fit into the
canal with a tight fit that isn't too over the top. Some other styles I was
deciding between looked too big/protruded, but these are slick. These will
definitely be my go to earbuds when I'm not wanting wired earphones.Update:
first bought April 2019. It’s now Jan 2020. Reviewer down because of connection
errors. There are times I’m in the gym and my phone is just in my pocket or even
laying next to me and the connection goes in and out. They’re still nice to
have, but I feel like there may be better options.
    Here is my experience for this earbudsPros:1. Sound quality, its best for me
and enjoying lot2. Voice Quality also good, its very clear and i can able use
this earbuds without any connectivity issue, i have tested  connecting to my
iPhone, Android and my PCs3. The 2200mAh capacity power bank is work well, i can
able charge atleast 2 time , due to this i'm not carrying any extra power bank4.
More option to change the snug, i appreciate them they are 6 type we can change
the snug based on ear size mainly this earbuds fit in my ear exactly and i don't
feel ear pain, i had 2 other brands but this one is good while compare5. At a
time one earbuds is more then enough to attend calls, for hearing musics we can
use both for feel effect6. Finger touch sensor is goodCons:1. The USB charger
cable is very shot to use2. I feel the cover of earbuds charger is not that much
strong, if its fall down it will broken but they are given pouch to keep safe3.
i don't find more defects
    Love that the ear buds come in a case that charges the ear buds when not in
use. Sounds quality is decent but I don't have the best ear or am I musically
included so for a normal person it will work. If I am at work and someone comes
by my desk I don't hear them. Overall I really like them. The only thing that is
kind of annoying is that sometimes I'll go on a run with them and then put them
back in their case but if someone calls, it will automatically pick up on the
ear buds making me think something is wrong with my phone.————Have had these for
over a year now. Using them for work calls. Clients are always saying they have
issues hearing me when using them and when I use them to listen to calls, it
will disconnect automatically after 10 min. It’s very frustrating. It didn’t
used to happen just started happening lately. Overall, decent for a years use
but now that they are going out I’m gonna look for another brand. Not good
enough to buy again.
    I believe this earbud has potentials, but it needs refinement, especially
the ear tip finish. This finish determines how much bass deliver to the user. I
just cannot find a good fit using all provided ear tips in the packages.  The
current ear tip is too flimsy, not working with my ear canal, doesn't fit at
all, it slips out of position so easily that I have to keep adjusting while I am
running! that is a big hassle. But when it works, the bass delivered is great.
It disconnects when you move your head left or right, you got to maintain still.
This proves difficult as we roadrunner, we constantly have to watch the traffic
and we do move our head! Another point: When charges depleting, so does the
connectivity of the Bluetooth, that I don't get! When I get the bass, it
deserves a 5 star, when it doesn't, 1 start. I believe these are what the past
reviews states.5/5 updates- found a pair of earbuds and accidentally fit to
these, excellent bass, sometimes it is too much in the good way. To the
manufacturer, if I am you, I will spend some money into research and find some
earmuffs that fir these and it will be a great pair of wireless earbuds. I make
it a four stars.
    Update:  I was listening again to these last night on by tablet streaming a
movie.  Amazing sound, extraordinary battery life, truly exceptional ear buds.
I own several pair of over ear Bose and AKG, several other brands of wireless
ear buds ( i have been trying to find a good pair for a reasonable price) and
these are really close to that quality of the over ear high end head phones, and
much better than any cordless buds I own.  The first set did not work as well
and I returned them with poor a poor reviewI am revising my review  after
contact by their customer service.  They do not like bad reviews and stood on
their head to make me happy including sending another pair.  The replacement
pair worked excellent as I expected the first pair to work.  Complements to
their customer service.  The did not quit until they made it right.  Very rare
in the customer service world.  This will be remembered.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I have had these Pasonomi
Earbuds for a few months now and I absolutely love them. I never worry about
having to charge them or them dying as the battery pack that holds them
automatically recharges them once you place them back. I love that this set you
can easily tap one headphone to manage the controls. I also really love that
these can accomodate one headphone at a time. I do have to take both pods out to
sync and then put back one so the other one pairs sometimes my phone, ipad or
laptop pairs but mostly my phone first since thats what I use everyday. Love the
little pouch helps keep a klutz like me in check. Syncing is not a long term
problem if I need to sync to my laptop i forget the device on my phone and it
can easily be paired. Definitly recommend!!Pros:↠ Great battery life↠ Easy to
charge↠ Easy to Sync one and both headphones↠ Touch headphones to pause, play,
skip and accept calls↠ Great for working out! Doesn't fall out of ear and great
noise cancelling!Cons:↠ I would say the only cons are my laziness. Since there
is such a great battery life when it does die I forget it was dying. Quick touch
functions are so easy but I forget to memorize the paper to pause skip and
rewind.↠ If you drop the case the headphones might pop out when it falls and
opens. I always put mine back into the case since I can be such a klutz.
    Had these 3 months and 10 days, they've been great for battery life and
sound quality, but in the last 2 weeks the connection to my phone is constantly
dropping when I'm listening. It's gotten to the point where I have to hold my
phone about a foot from the left ear-piece to keep connection.**Update
3/1/2019**  Seller sent me a new pair, despite being outside of 3 months
warranty, very nice to work with.  I'll update my post to let you know how they
are working.
    I tried to max these earbuds for the past two days and really wanted to love
them, but they are just not up to my expectations.  For some that really are not
big on sound quality or noise cancellation, they might be great.  The one thing
I would not tolerate was the battery life. The product description clearly
indicates 4 hours of battery life.  For the past two days from the first use, I
have gotten exactly 3 hour & 40 minutes.  The extra 20 minutes may not be a big
issue for most was an issue for me.  The sound is also sub par for my liking.
They also claimed to have "quality bass" and that information is incorrect.  The
bass is totally not there and the treble does not have any quality.  Again, my
expectations are really high when it comes to sound.I hope these review those
not impact those they are just looking for plain wireless earbuds.  If that is
the case, these are great option.  I did not test the water proof quality so I
cannot comment on that.
    If you enjoy being frustrated and not getting what you want out of life,
then you’ll love this product! First of all, the battery life blows chunks. If
you use it in the morning, and leave the ear buds off the charger for the rest
of the day, you have nothing by the end of the day. Second of all, the right
earbud just stopped connecting to Bluetooth after the first use. I tried
literally everything to get it to work again. And I assure you that t wasn’t
user error. Thirdly, the sound is meh. Lastly, he functions ON the ear buds
themselves are not easy to use. It basically just shuts off and on when you
barely graze the ear bud. Seriously, don’t even bother. Try another brand!
    I love these things.  They are not *perfect* in every way. But overall,
excellent value for the money.Very good sound quality.  Good microphone noise
cancelling when making calls from a noisy room.  Decent passive ambient noise
canceling that can be improved with simple earbud hack with a foam ear plug to
beef up the ambient noise blocking behind the thin rubber.  (I don't understand
why this is not a feature from the manufacturers of "noise-canceling"
earbuds.)These are easy to use.  I cannot imagine them being any easier to use.
After first time setup, it is just a matter of popping them in and out of the
charging case. I love the earbud charging case.  Its charge seems to last
forever.The only real complaint I have is that I wish the earbud power lasted
longer between charges.  I know this is a lot to ask for such a tiny product.
So, I think I will buy a second pair, so I can listen to one while the other is
charginging. (It takes about 1hr to charge for 2-3 hrs of listening time.). So
two pairs will mean practically endless listening time!Simply the best Bluetooth
accessory I have ever used.
    Surprisingly, For such a hefty price, They aren't the best headphones in the
game. I only purchased these because I had lost a pair of wonderful Enactrue
Headphones of the same type, And after using those once again, I can fully say
these are not at all worth this price.They simply are not comfortable. The touch
controls feel janky and sensitive to the point that I cannot even remove them
without spending forty seconds turning them back on. At work, This can be a very
annoying occurrence.They are uncomfortable and do not go fully into the ear,
Sort of maintaining this odd balance of sticking in and out. You feel like
they'd fall out at any second. Worst part is? Try to push them back in, touch
control got activated and now they're trying to active voice search on your
device. It is irritating to no fault.The only good thing about them, They are
very loud headphones. You could blast Heavy Metal until your socks fall off and
your ears bleed, But the latter will most likely just happen from keeping these
hard pieces of plastic jagging into my ear.I don't recommend you waste your
money.
    Received this last week and have been using them everyday.  I love the case
they came in and that the case is also the charging station.  Very convenient.
They fit my ears well and don't fall out.  I like how they easily connect (blue
tooth)to my I phone 8 and my Ipad.  I've tried them once in the shower and had
no problems.  I frequently watch Netflix while falling asleep, so these work
well, to use in bed with my Ipad and not have to worry about twisting and
pulling the cord like I've always had to do with the Apple issued earbuds.  I
got these in black but will be getting a white pair also.
    I wish someone invented tiny earphones like these with an app that would
allow your phone to find them.  This aside, these earbuds are great value.  You
are not paying for a brand so you get a lot of hardware for the money.The
instructions are a bit obscure as usual and there is no image showing you where
to tap to achieve this or that function but you get it in the end.  The sound is
natural, not distorted towards rich bass .  The pairing is quick and seamless,
which is a relief.  I use the  gear for exercising at the gym and for long
walks.  They have not fallen out yet.  I can walk far enough from the phone or
tablet that I start worrying for the phone itself.  The case is a bit hard to
open but adequate.  All in all a good purchase, if I can find the box at the
bottom of my gym bag.
    I purchased these headphones for myself. I'm an avid podcast listener, but
only like to listen through headphones - usually while doing chores around the
house. I have several sets of wireless headphones, but wanted some earbuds that
didn't come with a wrap-around neck strap like other athletic Bluetooth earbuds
have.The earbuds themselves are pretty good. They power on and connect quickly,
and the sound quality is on par with every other set I've used. They fit
comfortably in my ear and haven't ever fallen out in three months of use - I've
never exercised while using them, though, so I can't speak to how securely they
stay in during activities.The earbuds also come in a great little carrying case.
They're held in the case magnetically, which is a great feature. I also love
that the case includes its own battery. The earbuds recharge every time I put
them back in the case, and I just need to periodically recharge the case. You
can also charge other devices by connecting a USB cable to the case. This is my
favorite part about the earbuds.I have three major issues with the earbuds,
though. The first relates to the design. Each earbud has a button used for
controlling volume and the audio. The button is not a physical button, but
rather a touch-sensitive portion of the earbud that acts as a button. It's very
easy to inadvertently press this button while inserting or adjusting the
earbuds,  I find myself  accidentally pausing my podcasts all the time. This
takes them from 5 stars to 4.5 stars.The second issue is with the volume
control. The manual doesn't say how to control the volume - eventually I
realized that you have to hold one of the earbud buttons (the left decreases
volume, while the right increases volume). You have to hold the buttons down for
a few seconds before the volume starts changing, which is quite annoying. The
volume also resets to maximum every time you power the earbuds off and back on,
so you can't adjust the volume to a comfortable level and leave it there. It's
much faster to just adjust the volume with your device. But, if you have
increased the volume on your device since using these earbuds (I connect to my
car, which needs the device volume at maximum), you will deafen yourself every
time you connect these earbuds while you frantically try to turn the volume
down. This takes them from 4.5 stars to 4 stars.The third and most frustrating
issue is with the build quality. At first glance, the earbuds and case seem to
be built quite well. However, after less than a month of use, the small screen
on the tip of the earbud - which I'm guessing is there to prevent ear wax or
other dirt from getting into the earbud itself - fell off. I did not abuse the
headphones in any way- rather, the screen simply fell off when I was cleaning
the earbud tip with a cotton swab. I think the screen is supposed to be held in
place with some glue, so either the glue wasn't sufficient or wasn't properly
applied in my earbuds, or the glue isn't sufficient for this application. The
first time it fell off, I was able to find the screen and put it back in place.
It fell off again a few weeks later, though, and now it's gone. I will continue
to use the earbuds, but suspect that they will eventually fail due to the loss
of this screen. This takes them from 4 stars to 2 stars.These earbuds are
comfortable, sound good, and have several nice features that really make them
stand out. For the price I paid for these earbuds, though, I would have expected
that they be a bit more sturdy and resilient to basic cleaning and maintenance.
    I was pleasantly surprised by this product. Never hearing of the company
before I was skeptical about the quality. But as soon as I opened the box I was
impressed by the quality and packaging. The earbuds and the charging station
both appear high quality and sturdily made.The charging station works well as
travel case and it comes with a little bag as well, which is great for my taking
them back and forth between home to work. The magnetism of the charging station
is a nice feature as well- snapping in place and staying in place insuring a
good connection for charging (and keeping my butterfingers from knocking them to
the floor). They also came with a number of extra rubber earpieces of different
sizes so they can be changed for a better fit or to replace the original
overtime. I wasn't sure how well they would stay in place but I haven't had any
issues with them falling out and they're comfortable.I wear them a lot while
cleaning, organizing and cooking at home and listening to both music/books and
chatting on the phone. The connection to my phone is good. Leaving my phone on
the dinning room table I can work in any room of my 1,000 sq ft condo and not
lose connection which is a must for my use as I'm always multitasking.Some
people have mentioned not liking all of the touch controls and wishing the voice
command could be turned off or removed. Personally, I really like this feature
as it keeps me from having to stop what I'm doing and back track to my phone
when its in the other room. It took a few minutes of playing around with them to
figure it out- tapping to start and pause, holding down to use voice command,
and holding for a longer period of time to turn the volume up or down. Once I
did though it was easy and a feature I really like.My one complaint is that
while I can make and receive calls and hear the other person clearly, they
sometimes struggle to understand me. For the most part we can communicate
clearly but I'm told I sound muffled and occasionally I'm garbled.If the clarity
of calls was better I would have given a 5 star. Overall I'm really happy with
these earbuds and they will be replacing my older pair as my go-to set.
    TL;DR 5-star headphones minus one star for the microphone quality. If you're
not planning on taking calls with these, consider it a 5 star review.If you want
comfortable, lightweight, decent-sounding headphones for your workouts, these
are amazing. These are my go to headphones (over the Aukeys and the
Plantronics). The earbuds are light, and they are the best-fitting earbuds I've
ever tried; most earbuds require me to regularly adjust or reset them to make
sure they don't fall out, but these just sit in beautifully.The sound quality is
pretty good - I can't claim to be an expert or audiophile, but I can say that
they definitely get the job done and are pleasant to listen to for long periods
of time.The one caveat is the microphone. The microphone quality is... well,
rough at best. Someone might be able to understand you if you're at home, but if
you're at the gym there's no way people will hear you clearly enough to be
understood. However, if you're buying these for the same use case as me (gym
headphones, and sometimes wireless headphones around the house), these are
pretty great. The case charges the headphones and as a result I have never had
the battery die on me mid-workout.
    I bought this specifically for work. Before my store opens, we spend three
hours stocking the floor. I like to listen to my own music and would find my
wired headphones would get caught or stuck somewhere whilst I would stock. I
searched for weeks for a pair of wireless earbuds and finally decided on these.
I have an iPhone and wanted something more comfy and affordable than AirPods.
These earbuds last about 3-4 hours with full use of music and Siri. You can use
both earbuds or just one at a time. The case is sturdy and can charge both your
earbuds and phone. I have had these for almost a month now and have yet to
recharge the case, which is a surprise since I use these 4-5 times a week! With
setting (Late Night/Party) on the iPhone, the bass and music sounds much better.
The only cons are that SOMETIMES you have issues connecting to Bluetooth, but
that's an easy fix. Also, since these are IN your ear, you have to constantly
clean the wax off, but that is NORMAL. I would highly recommend these earbuds
and would buy again if anything ever happened to these!
    I was hoping not to spend too much money on a pair of wireless headphones
for my Pixel device, but I should have done more research to what works.Pairing
them both, only one of them works at a time. Tapping the headphone will pause
the song, and double tapping, depending whether it is the left or right
headphone will skip forward or backwards a track. Calls coming in do work with
the headphones.In my experience, the headphones each last roughly 2 hours. If
you're not using them, it's best to put them back in the case as they tend to
run out of juice fast. ** EDITED 01/27/19 - The charging case does have enough
juice to support a lot of recharges. Having said this, make sure to keep the
charging case with you for long trips.Use the cable provided in the box to
charge the case and headphones. As for the quality of the sound, it does the
job. However, if you are ordering something from a store, and you are listening
to music in one ear, it's best to just take them out. Leaving them in, it will
be difficult to hear the other person.
    These were Christmas gift for family member, my brother. He is into sports
and stay active and was in market for this kind of product. I tried looking up
various options at Amazon and other places. The name brands are north of $100.
And these ones fit my budget and had good features compared to other models and
brands I viewed. The IPX7 waterproof, touch controls, charging capabilities, and
battery capacity stood out among other options.When I tried them, admittedly for
a short period, they fit nice in the ears. Tried running around with no problems
with the fit, connectivity and controls.Only negative, and one star less for
that, was the sound quality. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't any great either.
These are probably good on the go for the convenience. But definitely not for
just enjoying the music.Hope this helps.
    This hands down is a great bargain, I compared a friend's galaxy buds,
(anywhere from 80 to 100 dollars more) and here's my conclusion. These buds are
exactly the same if not better. PLUS? They have a charge indicator (3 blue dots)
and they have a USB out to charge yet another device if needed, none of which
the galaxy buds case has. AND initially I thought they didn't take calls without
having to use your phone to speak, however! I am happy to say they work
independently of your phone to take calls. I threw my phone in the back seat
under a pile of clothes and the other person heard me just as clearly as if I
were using the phone itself. So?? If you're skeptical about the value in these
buds? Don't be, you will not regret this purchase. Bravo to you PASONOMI, keep
up the good work.
    The sound quality is decent, not as good as say Jabra or Bose earbuds, but
not far off once I added Comply tips instead of the ones provided. Each earbud
can be used independently if you like and both have a mic - not a feature that
all brands prioritized. I wish the charging case had a place to store extra tips
or accommodated larger sizes. My Comply tips have a deeper profile than the
stock tips therefore get too squished and damaged when placed in the case, so I
have to carry my tips in another case or pocket. Otherwise I love these and
would buy again at my original $45 purchase price. I would pay more for a newer
version if the case came with storage room for tips, and if the L and R buds had
different device names (it's hard to know which one you're connecting to via
Bluetooth, they have the same name)
    These headphones were so good, that I bought a second pair as a gift.  I've
been using them for a couple months.  The battery life is about four hours on a
charge and the charging case works great as both an earbud charger or a phone
charger.  The touch controls are surprisingly good.  You can volume down on the
left, volume up on the right, skip forward/backward by double tapping either the
left or right.  Phone calls are clearer than expected.  The instructions tell
you to hold one earbud to your mouth and keep the other in your ear to clearly
make calls.  So far, it works great for me to just keep them both in my ears.
Pairing is also super easy and works almost instantly.  They are much cheaper
than some of the more well known brands,  but I see no reason to spend the extra
money.  I use them running and at work.  They've never fallen out.  They are
also more low profile than some other bluetooth headphones, which I like.
    Unusable at work. I spend more time putting them in the case to reset them,
and turning my blue tooth on & off to get just one to work for a few minutes.
Left side as a standalone will at least take phone calls, at least when it isnt
connecting and reconnecting to the right bud non stop. Right side wont take a
call at all and gifts me with a horrible squelch in my ear before it freezezs
up. For just music, when they do work, I am lucky to get 3 hours. Overall
majorly dissappoited with this "brand" of  wireless earphones. I am currently
looking for another kind to try out.
    I don’t understand why these earbuds have such bad reviews? My brother had a
pair of these and recommended them to me and they lasted 2 years for me. I loved
them and I’m planning on getting a new pair! They only just recently stopped
working because the power button on the side of the case became loose and
they’ve been connecting to my phone unexpectedly. I’m not super upset since
they’ve lasted so well for 2 years. Especially since I’m a very clumsy person
and have dropped/accidentally threw them on multiple occasions with only a few
scratches. I’ve also compared these with someone’s air pods and they are equally
as good at a reasonable price.If you fully charge the entire case it can last a
couple of days while when the ear buds are fully charged they last around 2
hours. The sound quality is great also but they aren’t as noise canceling as
headphones. But they can block out the noise of a loud classroom so that’s good
enough in my books!The only issue I’ve ever had is that if you only want to use
one earbud at once you have to use the left one. To turn them on you just have
to pull both of them out of the case and the connect via Bluetooth. Then if you
want to only use one you have to put the right one back. If you put the left one
back it disconnects both.Really recommend these! I might even see if I can still
use my old pair. They might just not work right now cause they’re dead lol.
    I’ve used these now for about a month and really like them. They are the
most comfortable earbuds I’ve ever worn.  I have a hard time getting ear buds to
stay in my ear and they do well. I don’t know how well they’d stay in during an
intense work out with lots of movement like kicking boxing or aerobic but they
do great for on the elliptical at a pretty intense setting,  just walking around
or sitting.I love  that I can pause what I’m listening to by tapping the ear bud
(will pause a YouTube video by taping)  and that the Bluetooth turns off when I
put them back in the charging case, so I don’t have to go into settings to do
it. The charge seems to hold well but I only use them daily for about an hour at
a time while I work out and then put them back in the case so am not sure how
long the charge would last without doing that.
    I usually use earbuds for 6hrs+ a day and these held up pretty well so far.
Noise cancelling works pretty well as I was using a hair dryer with these in and
couldn't hear the hair dryer with sound on so that's nice. Working out in them
was fine. No problems so far. The only thing is that I wish the battery lasted
longer.Note: The manual instruction to pair the earbuds should say to touch them
together to re-pair them after you un-pair them. It took a few tries to figure
that out lol
    My experience in the 9 months of owning them is that the sound quality is
decent. If you're looking to just listen to music through them, these are a good
cheap alternative to other expensive earbuds. However, I've experienced issues
with pairing, both connecting and disconnecting from my phone. Sometimes you
can't get them into pairing mode and other times you put the earbuds in the case
and they stay paired (I knock 1 star off for that). I'm not sure if there is any
noise cancellation or if these are meant to be used for phone calls, but these
seem to operate as an eavesdropping device instead of a speaker when on the
phone. Everyone has told me they only hear background noise and not my voice, so
you can't really use them for calling anyone unless you're in a silent room (I
knock another star for that). 3 stars seems fair. Spend the extra money if you
want better Bluetooth and Phone quality.
    *edit* the company contacted me and sent me a new pair of earbuds because
the ones i may were suspected to be defective, but the new ones were exactly the
same. i even had two people double check these earbuds for bass and both agreed
these have no bass. i appreciate the effort of customer service but in the end
the product is of poor quality. */edit*The description says "resonant bass" but
there was virtually no bass at all! I tried to work out with these but the bass-
less music could not pump me up and it was extremely disappointing. These are
easily the worst earphones I've ever used in my life. I returned them. I don't
understand the 5 star reviews. I'm no audiophile. I just appreciate good
sounding music. The earphones that came with my iPhone and this other $20
earphone that I purchased a few years ago sounded far superior to this. Again,
there is no bass. This is not good for music at all.
    I bought these wireless Bluetooth earbuds because I work out a lot and the
cords on my regular headphones get in the way or cause my earbuds to fall out.
It's incredibly annoying and potentially dangerous when running on the treadmill
or lifting weights. I was worried about how these would stay in my ears, but
they come with many different size silicone pieces that allow you to customize
the fit to your particular ears-- they work like a charm! They fit nice and snug
and I do not feel like they will fall out.  I'm highly impressed by the sound
quality as well, it's clear and the volume is great.  I plan to buy more if
these for Christmas gifts this year :)
    I’ve been through 4 sets of wireless ear buds and these are by far my
favorite.  Everything was packaged nicely, the design is sleek, the ear buds are
sturdy and fit nicely.  They synced easily, they power on and connect instantly
when removed from the case.  That’s the best … other ear buds I’ve used have had
to be manually powered on and there is usually a lag time to power on and
connect.  I appreciate the features of the charging bank – charges fast, holds a
charge and will also charge other devices.  Each bud lasts a little over 3 hours
which is typical for other buds I’ve used.  I’d really like a pair that last 5+
hours.  I’ve only used this for music so I can’t rate the call feature but the
sound quality is A+.  The only (reasonable) improvements I would suggest is a
longer USB cable and proof reading the instruction manual for mistakes.
    I received this headphones recently and want to share my first impressions
on the product.- First of all, the price was very reasonable for this type of
headphones.- They come in an ergonomic design-box which is also a power bank
that you use for charging the headphones. I could have charged the headphones 3
times and there was power bank had still half of its juice left in it.- In each
charging I could have listened music approximately 3-4 hours.- They come with 4
different  sizes rubber tips, the second smallest one worked best for me. They
did not fall off even when i ran.- I had no issues connecting it my phone.- It
is very important for me that they have very good sound quality!Overall, I think
these are great headphones, particularly if you move around in your workplace
and when you travel.
    Good sound, and you get a lot of use on a single charge. I’ve used them at
the gym and they mostly stay put... but I think if I was running I’d be
concerned about them falling out (I’m using the largest plugs but they still
want to move around).
    Well for starters I would like to say I didn’t have the highest of hopes for
these things. But that isn’t their fault it has everything to do with the fact
that I work in a factory environment for long hours a day.  So when I say that I
am surprised with not only the sound quality but the noise canceling I am being
serious. Loud metal production shop and I can hear my music perfectly over the
noise and even with the music stopped I have to lean in to hear a co-worker talk
with these in.  The battery life isn’t the greatest but that is honestly me
being picky. If I can work ten hours a day why can’t these things? Well if just
isn’t logical at this point yet so it is just annoying but 4 hours per quick
charge isn’t bad. But yes they do charge up pretty quickly. I slap them on the
charger on my breaks and lunches and it keeps me jamming all through work. So I
guess I shouldn’t complain.  I haven’t tested the “water resistant” aspect of it
and I can’t say I want to. I have tested the sweat part of it quite often and it
holds up just fine. I know some people complain about them not connecting when
you pull them off the charger. Well put them back on the charger wait for
“blinky” (it will be red. Just like when it is charging) and them pull them off
the charger and cram them into the ear holes and off you go.
    The first set I received was defective. The left speaker was significantly
lighter in volume than the right speaker. Tried recalibration with no success. I
returned through Amazon because the customer service department didn't respond.
A few weeks later I received an email from manufacturer and they offered to
replace my device at no cost, even though I had returned through Amazon. I'm
pleased with the second set. The volume is good, battery life is as good as you
can expect with the small size, sound is good, fit is good and they aren't too
heavy. I can't use them when exercising, they fall out, but they are great for
light activity around the house, washing dishes, folding laundry, etc. Good
product, just be aware that they aren't for heavy exercise. I'm very pleased
with customer service.
    UPDATE: Customer service reached out to me, offering both a refund and a
replacement. They shipped it fast as well. They deserve a 5-star for that. The
replacement pairs work great so far.Older review:Got these as a Valentine gift.
I've been wanting to have wireless earbud for a while and my husband didn't
disappoint me 😍However, the earbuds do not deliver. I wanted these because I
want to stay on the phone with my hubby 24/7 like Jim and Pam (lol excuse me),
but I called my mom and she couldn't hear me. The mic quality seems really poor,
the ¢99 earphones I got worked better.I really wanted to like them. There was
neither the manual nor the charging cords nor the buds in the box and that's
pretty disappointing as well.I agree with many negative comments as it's almost
impossible to readjust the ear pieces without pause or skip the music. I think
it's a cool feature but also a bit inconvenience.Sounds quality and the material
are top notch otherwise. They truly drown out the surrounding sounds when placed
properly. I had no problem connecting 2 sides together.
    The Pasonomi wireless earbuds can be described in a single sentence, the
earbuds you were worried about receiving. After reading countless reviews, i
thought these buds were a no brainer, something easy to throw in while running
and forget that they’re even there. When you get your pair you’ll be greeted by
a sleek Samsung like box that makes this look like a high quality product.
You’ll pull a small tab and reveal the absolutely massive charging case covered
in lint and other debris. Next, you’ll struggle to open the case for a few
minutes fiddling with the cheap plastic lid. Finally, you see the reason you
dropped 50 dollars on these Chinese earbuds, a sleek wireless earbud system for
a quarter of the price. Anxiously you’ll throw them on and put on your favorite
song, and here’s where this product turns into one of the worst things I’ve
purchased on amazon. The sound quality can be described as sickly. An extremely
nasally, bland, bass-less sound is all that these earbuds will provide. The only
good thing i can say is that they stay in the ear and they have good Bluetooth
if that’s all that you’re looking for. Otherwise, if you’re in it for sound
quality just use some beat up old apple headphones because i can guarantee
you’ll have a better listening experience.Pros:lightweightGood BluetoothFits
wellConsSound qualityNearly no bassDirty in the packagingInstructions are pretty
badPause/play/Siri feature is nearly nonexistentNot worth 50 dollars
    The price is amazing, fits very comfortably in ears, sound quality is good,
easy to set up. It’s amazing. I will say it does get a little annoying whenever
I accidentally touch them and it pauses, but I don’t mind it too much. They’re
definitely worth it.  It says it’s waterproof and for the most part that seems
to be true. I wouldn’t recommend accidentallly putting them through the washing
machine however. One of them stopped working after that but impressively the
other one was still working. I emailed Pasonomi about it and they sent me new
ones without any charges. They were really nice and the process was super easy.
9.5/10 would recommend.
    Bought this as a last minute pair b/c my other wireless was put through the
wash and needed something quick for my vacation. Turns out this was a great
purchase! Paired easily with my Note 8 and iPhone Xr. Never have an issue with
battery life, and even used it to recharge my Note. I had no issues in the pool
or showering! The only complaint is that the charging case is a little too big
to carry comfortably in your jean pockets. But worked well in my slingback or
carpenter shorts! Mind you, these are not beats but the sound quality is great
for the price and I do not believe in spending that kind of money for something
that I can so easily lose. Hope this helps as there are a lot of choices out
there.
    Overall an excellent product!  I tried these wireless earbuds for the first
time.  The best part of them is the way they fit in my ears.  They stay put
while exercising for the most part...once in a while I need to readjust.  Now
keep in mind, I have exceptionally small ears for a grown-up and am yet to find
any headphone buds (non-wireless) that stayed put in my ears.  These are the
first!As for sound, the sound comes through very clear but I am still able to
hear people talking.  As a mom, I prefer this  versus a complete elimination of
background noise (in case my son or husband is trying to speak with me).I love
the charging/storage case...very compact and easy to charge and travel with.
The extra ear bud covers are also nice just in case I loose one or they get
dirty from use.  I am not too into the latest and greatest with electronics but
I have to say these are very convenient and SOOO much better than having to use
headphones with a cord getting tangled every 5 minutes.  I am very happy with my
purchase...great value for what you are getting.
    These headphones have been really great, I use them paired with my tablet
when I cook and clean and it’s great. Before I used to have trouble hearing when
I would wash dishes and vacuum but I obviously couldn’t hear the music or show I
was playing. These are very comfortable. I haven’t tried the different sizes
yet, but I am curious which one I should be using (I’ll update when I try
them).Battery life: I haven’t had any issues but I also haven’t used it for
extensive amount of time and I always put them back in the case which charges
them. I’ve had them a few weeks and I haven’t had to charge the case yet.I
haven’t tried running or doing a lot of physical activity so I am unable to
comment on that but they are comfortable and convenient
    I really like these earbuds for the price. They fit well, I'm able to run
and sleep with them in. They don't feel like they are going to fall out and they
easily sync with my phone.  The first pair I received, the right one wouldn't
charge. However, after e-mailing the company they got right on it. Asked me for
a few pictures and send me a replacement pair. Easy peasy. Plus, I got to keep
the left one that did work, which is nice to have a backup when I'm running a
half marathon or something and run outta power. I have nothing bad to say about
this product, company or customer service. Thanks for getting me up and going
with truly wireless earbuds at a great price. :D
    I was blown away with the amount of technology built into these tiny
packages. No tethers to get entangled, good quality sound and has a surprising
battery life.  Hardware is not flimsy either.  It takes a few ‘laps around the
track’ to remember which teeny button to press which way - - but they work!  All
for under $15.  I am a 75+ running, great grandmother.  During a race, one
popped out on a sweaty downhill grade.  I managed to catch it and reinsert it
before the bottom of the hill with “Eye of the Tiger” still blaring.  I hope
this company continues to keep their quality control as a top priority.  There’s
quite enough junk out there already.
    These are definitely worth the price of admission!I had considered the Apple
wireless earbuds, but gave these a shot as at the selling price you can go
through a few sets and still come out ahead. The only thing that concerned me
was the sound quality and if it would measure up.When I first received them I
was eager to try them out and charged them up fully, which went fairly quickly
and easy to track with the indicator lights, then popped them in to give them a
spin. The pairing went quite easily and I started listening to some familiar
music. The touch to pause works very well and is more useful than I had
imagined. This can also be used to summon your voice assistant (Siri, Google).
They also come with a generous selection of ear tips and spares as well as an
unexpected nice drawstring pouch for the entire unit.At first the sound was a
little thin and I was wondering if this was to be expected as I am used to over
the ear cans instead of ear buds.After adjusting them in my ears I figured out
that the medium small rubber tips that came on the buds by default were not
sealing well with my ears and changing them to a pair of the larger included
tips were in order.Between the ear tip change and giving them a bit of time to
break in brought an entirely different soundscape... full and lush (like I was
hoping) and the longer I listen they seem to be opening up even more (only a
couple of hours playtime so far).If your on the fence, I can say I myself am
pleased with the sound and mildly surprised just how darn good they are for this
price!
    I pair 1 vs the other while I am at work... left goes in and out atleast
every 2 mins. I'm tired of hearing the beeps "disconnected" beeps
"connected.Right side got quite a week or 2 after using it. It is very
noticeably reduced in power.Both struggle to charge every so often. I cleaned
them and the plates on the case with alcohal a couple times now and they work
well again for that day, but struggle again the next.I was SOO happy with these
to start and I recommended them to people.... now I'm in the market for a new
set and growing to hate these... very frustration.It's a bit bulky feeling in
the ear also and often cause my ear to start aching.
    I bought these about a year and a half ago. For fifty bucks, you'll probably
get your money's worth, but if I had it to do over again, I'd go for a higher
quality model. That has partly to do with the fact that the technology has
improved significantly in the last few years, so you could probably get more for
your money now than when I first got these. The battery life per ear bud is
about 3 hours, and that has dropped slightly over the course of time. The case
battery has gotten significantly worse. I use these close to 30 hours a week,
and at first, the case battery would last a week or two. Now, I have to charge
it every couple of days. I've only used it once to charge my phone, and I doubt
you could get one full charge out of it. The sound quality is better than some
wired pairs I've had, but it's definitely not legendary, and I've noticed a
slight eq imbalance between the two from day one. Also, before I forget it,
these are NOT active noise cancelling. Ergonomicly they are average. I know a
lot of people have trouble with this kind falling out of their ears. I have
never had that trouble, but it may be do to with the fact that I put on rubber
tips from may favorite brand of wired ear buds. Pairing wise, they are often a
nightmare. The right side tries to connect to the left before connecting to your
phone, which can be quite annoying if you're using it individually. They also
have interference issues if they're too hot or cold. In short, I'd say you get
what you pay for.
    I’ll start off by saying that I don’t write reviews very often for products
I purchase online but I felt compelled to do so based on my satisfaction with
these headphones.  I’ll admit that I was hesitant (even at the low price point)
to buy these headphones based on some of the reviews I had read about poor sound
quality and limited bass.  I was expecting to be disappointed with the quality
but knew that I could get a full refund if that was the case.  I made the
purchase on a Sunday and received the headphones on a Tuesday.  The packaging
was satisfying for a product at the price point.  Out of the box the setup was
extremely simple.  The headphones and charging case were mostly charged upon
arrival so all I had to do was take the earbuds out of the charging case and
search for “X9” in the list of Bluetooth options on my phones.  That’s it.  The
earbuds automatically turn on once removed from the case.  This is an attractive
feature for me since some of the wireless headphones I have owned in the past
have had power on/off buttons that were hard to press and subject to malfunction
after a year or so.  The main reason I purchased these earbuds is to use when I
run and do other physical activities like mow the grass or work around the
house.  I also own a pair of Bose Sound Sport wireless headphones which sound
amazing but have a cord around the neck that can get really annoying on a long
run.  Not surprisingly, these earbuds don’t quite stack up to my Bose model in
terms of sound quality but the quality is actually really good compared to other
headphones I’ve owned in the $100+ range.  I’ll still plan to use my Bose
headphones when watching a show on my iPad or a movie for this reason.  I’ll
also say that I was surprised at how comfortable these earbuds are.  I had fully
expected to be disappointed with the fit when running or doing physical
activities.  I’ve used these 4-5 times now to run and mow the grass and have
never felt like they were going to fall out of my ear.  The charging case is a
major upside that I can just pop them right back in the case after a workout and
not have to fool with finding the right charging cable and plug into the wall
each time.  The case itself holds a lot of power.  I’ve used these earbuds all
week and the charging case is still over 2/3 full.  I anticipate I’ll only need
to charge the case itself about once a month.  The only drawback I can see so
far is that I haven’t figured out how to keep one earbud in the charging case
and use the other like I’ve heard about.  Each time I try this the headphones
shut off.  Maybe it’s something I’m doing wrong though because I haven’t seen a
lot of complaints about this in the reviews.  I’ll also say that the call
quality isn’t all that great compared to other more expensive models.  I can
hear the voice on the other end very clearly but I’ve been told my voice is a
little hard to hear (like talking in a tunnel.  This honestly doesn’t bother me
much though since I didn’t purchase the earbuds for that function.  Overall, I’m
extremely happy with the purchase.  I’m blown away by the quality of this
product at $50.  Don’t hesitate to purchase yourself if you are on the fence
especially if you are looking for a pair to use while running.
    These are terrible. Immediately you can see and feel that these are just a
cheap Chinese product. They work great for the first couple weeks but then the
right earbud always goes out. I have reset the earbuds, phone and done all the
trouble shooting you can do to get the volume back in the right ear bud. I have
ordered these twice and the right ear bud always fails after a few weeks with
just normal wear. I will say they sound great, fit well and very small compared
to other.I'd advise just sucking it up and spending the extra money in quality
wireless ear buds. It isn't worth it to constantly deal with this issue. I have
Wireless Beat Studio 2.0 that I used before but wanted something more low
profile but will go back to those until I can get a more superior earbud than
these. I have had my Beats for almost three years now and no issues what so
ever. I have even gotten them wet and they still work perfectly.Just invest in
the higher quality earbuds. These aren't worth it unless you like wasting your
time. The higher quality are completely worth it. Be a winner and save yourself
the agony and time to deal with this malarkey.
    I am always skeptical of using products I am not familiar with the brand
name. When I received the product it was packaged well. It included very easy to
understand instructions. I had no problem pairing the earphones to my phone.
They are very comfortable on my ear. They fit very snug and I am not concerned
with them falling out. They provide extra earbud covers so you can find the
right size for your ear. The sound quality is pretty good. I would say
comparable to name brand wireless earbuds I own. While I have only used these
for a few days, I would say these are a solid pair of earbuds.Disclaimer: I was
provided a free product in return for my honest review. All thoughts and
opinions expressed here are my own and not influenced by the developing company
and/or its affiliates, in anyway.
    I have had these ear buds for about 5 months now, and have used them a lot!
I listen to music when working on my house, or doing yard work. The sound is
good. If I could upgrade the sound I would like a little more punch to the bass,
but I like deep bass. The pairing is simple to do and you can pair them
individually which is great. For the price these are great and I really enjoy
them.The two biggest problems I have found with using these is that when using
both at the same time one can sometimes cut in and out or increase in volume. I
don’t know if it is due to the Bluetooth connection or something else. The
second is if using one at a time you can only use one of the skip track
functions. I’ll explain, the left ear bud allows the user to repeat a song or go
back to previous songs. The right ear bud skip forward to the next song on ones
playlist. With both in you can skip forward or back. With only one in you can
only do what that one is programmed to do. Not sure if this is a function that
could be changed in the future, but if so it would make these head phones even
better. I am looking at purchasing the Tozo t10 to compare as they seem to be
the closest budget but good head phones.I would recommend these to a friend
    The headphones are awesome! They’re super easy to connect with your phone.
What’s even more awesome is that it comes with a carrying bag for the case and
extra/different sized ear tips to fit smaller or bigger ears. You can also make
phone calls with them and sound really clear. You charge them in the case and it
comes with the connection to charge them. I would definitely recommend them and
purchase another pair!
    For the price, it was worth a try. Bought a white and a black pair for my gf
and myself. She uses her pretty often, I no longer use mine as the right bud
loses consistently looses volume or doesn't have any sound at all. The touch
control is cool, useful and easy to use. However at times you'll hang up a call,
skip tracks etc because you shoulder brushed up against the bud. Battery is
decent. Seemed to last just short of 3 hours and then back in the case. The case
does stay charged for a very long time. I was able to get a lot of recharges on
the buds and only need to recharge the case every 3 or 4 days. There was a
coupon for a free one in one of the boxes I purchased, but based on my
experience with it, I haven't even redeemed it. I hope the next iteration of
these is a little more reliable, because for a few more bucks you can get a pair
that work more consistently. If they make a newer version, I may try them if the
price is right.
    I want to be fair. The head phones fit ok.... Not great but ok, seem a
little bulky in the ears but I would rather that then have them fall out. The
sound quality was pretty good.For $50 dollars, I thought I might be able to get
away with a decent set of headphones that I can do a number of activities in and
avoid having to pay out the top end dollars. They almost made it.They started
cutting in and out. Not all the time, but I was walking holding my are at my
waist, with my phone in the hand. Specifically the right hand......did not occur
in the left. The head phones would cut in and out .....sometimes. To many people
the very occasional cutouts wouldn't bother them, but they did to me. All I was
doing was walking. What happens if I have them in while I'm on my motorcycle or
my road bike? they might be ok for someone not moving a lot or the phone is on
the left side of their body more, or they use an arm band. In the end I just
didn't want to have to remember that detail.The case was a little bigger than
other brands. The magnetic holds on the head phones are nice and well
engineered. The phone charging feature is neat but really I think they saved
money in manufacturing by buying a larger batter, and then adding a usb charge
port and to make it seem more on purpose instead of a cost reduction. I have
battery changers already....rather have the smaller size charger for just the
headphones.The functionality of the head phones where you change volume and
forward in music works near flawlessly, but it is a little irritating to have to
push something that is embedded in your ear a little harder into it to use the
feature. (Not a deal breaker for me but for some.....)Overall it was a solid set
but for that one little glitch, however I'm sure a lot of people will find these
perfect for their needs. For me I'm giving another brand a try.
    This is the first pair of earbuds that I found comfortable and that work
well. Right out the box they were easy to pair with my iPhone. After having bad
experiences with earbuds in the past, I was pleasantly surprised how great these
were. I would definitely recommend them!
    This is a review after testing these for a little over a month. Long story
short, the left earbud started getting quieter and quieter. The volume disparity
was so big had to stop using them out of fear my ears would get messed up using
them like that for a long time.I don't really like that the outside is touch
screen. Hard to tell when the button is pressed without any haptic
feedback.Battery life is pretty bad. By the end of the month, it would maybe
last almost 2 hours on a full charge before I had to charge it again.Also, these
earbuds are kind of big compared to some other cheaper wireless earbuds. If they
look big in the picture to you, it's because they are.I would pass on these and
try something else.
    I have had these Bluetooth headphones for nearly 2 years now and they are
still going strong! I use them almost every single day and love the convenience
of being able to just pop them back into their carrying case to charge them. I
only have to charge the case itself about once a month. It also doubles as a
portable battery so if you’re traveling it’s nice to know you have a back up.I
usually just wear these while commuting to and from work, but I’ve also done
lots of running and working out with them and they never budge which was a huge
issue for me with lots of previous ear buds. They even fit well under and helmet
while snowboarding and never seemed to be affected by freezing temperatures.I
waited a long time to write this review, but now you can know that these will
withstand the test of time. Highly recommend.
    Just got these and these ear buds are a must have!  Quality packaging, which
includes earbuds, charging case, USB charging cable, assorted rubber ear inserts
of various sizes and a handy storage pouch.  So here what's up!  These things
ROCK, sound quality is really good and after trying a few of the rubber ear
inserts and finding the right size, these earbuds are very comfortable.  So
here's what's really awesome, the case is basically a battery, so you can charge
the case and then the case charges the earbuds (without having to be plugged in
to the wall), in a pinch you can also charge your phone with the case too, yes
that's right, it's emergency power for your phone if you need it.  They've
thought of everything, you need to get these!  You wont be disappointed.
    Extremely happy with the earbuds! Have had them for a little over a month.
Bought them primarily for running and bike riding. Biggest concern was keeping
them in. I do triathlons and am aggressive rider and heavy with my feet running.
Took me a few runs to get the right size ear piece. Found out I needed a
different size on each ear; nice they they came with a selection of sizes. The
biggest test was this past weekend. I was out for a bike ride and got side
swiped by a car. Myself and bike are fine but it didn’t fare to well for the
brand new Charger! Ended up going up and over the hood of the car, landed,
checked my self, checked the bike, both fine, and then realized BOTH EARBUDS
WERE STILL IN MY EARS! Couldn’t be more happy! FYI no complaints on the sound,
connectivity or charging. The touch controls could be better but I do everything
by my watch anyways!
    I never a bluetooth headset person ，so I decide to look for a headphone as
small as possible so I can secretly wear it ，This Bluetooth headset is great. It
not only meets my requirement, but also the sound quality is really good, and
the waterproof effect. I really like this earphone, which is worth buying.
    So I have had these for a week or so- at first, I was pretty happy with
them. Set up was very simple and straight forward. Quality of the sound- Good
sound for listening to my music. I used them for quick calls and had absolutely
no issues with me hearing or the person on the other line hearing me. But those
were very quick calls- no more than a 5-10 min max. I also used these on 2
runs... I do tend to sweat and I didn’t have any issue while running. I love the
little bud travel/charging station. It’s compact and protective of the buds.
From packaging to sound to the quality and durability of these buds... they are
pretty good. BUT then I had a very long conference call yesterday. After having
had nothing but great experiences using these buds, this conference call
couldn’t have gone worse. I kept getting cut off the call and having to dial
back in- 5x. Phone and buds were completely charged with full service. The sound
quality wasn’t an issue but the fact that the buds kept disconnecting me from
the call- I missed tons of important info and discussions. That was very
frustrating. Having had that incident- I will continue to use these buds but for
no more than  wireless music buds. Would I recommend... yes, but I would want to
make all aware of the issue I had. I am hoping I can figure out what the issue
was and to be able to use these moving forward for my calls.
    These earbuds worked way better than I expected to based off of my
experience with wireless. I have been trying to find a pair that would actually
stay in my ears and that I wouldn’t have to constantly mess with so they
wouldn’t fall out. I wore these on a long run and never needed to touch them.
Even when you don’t have music playing, it still has great noise cancellation
and the quality of sound is great. These buds really exceeded my expectations.
    Like all other reviewers, I've read lots of review on a wireless earbud on
Amazon to find out the one with reasonable price  and without sacrificing sound
quality. TWS-X9 by Pasonomi is the one. Pairing to my iphone was a piece of
cake. both earbuds pair with my phone instantly out of the box after initial
blutooth connection. You can control basic action such as  play or stop, skip
forward or backward, volume up and down by touching on the earbud. It stays
firmly at my ear while I was running. The package provides 6 pairs of eartip,
which can be enough to various ear size. Container has a regular usb outlet to
charge a phone or so for emergency. I am satisfied with overall quality, but the
only reason why I gave 4 stars is that bass sound is not great compared to well
balanced tremble. To be sure, if you enjoys regular pop music, even this bass
sound would not bother you much.
    I originally gave these two stars. No bass and very tinny sound.  I sent
them back and the company sent me a free replacement (they wanted me to delete
the bad review if I got some free earbuds, which I think is very shady). I got
the replacements and said I would give them a more in depth try. They still
sounded terrible at first. I needed the largest silicone tips that they provided
but I couldn’t get a good fit and still the sound was bad. I had an idea and
pulled the old earbud tips, that are a different shape, off my old Sony wired
earbuds. WHAT A DIFFERENCE!  These wireless earbuds transformed into great
sounding and secure beasts!  Now the bass is there and the fit is great. Do you
self a favor and buy these and then buy a package of more full sized replacement
tips for under $10. Pasonomi should change what they provided but even having to
buy different tips from day one makes these a great buy!
    I just deleted my earlier review of this. The earphones arrived today, and
when I first tried them, the sound quality was indeed horrible. Very tiny, thin,
no bass whatsoever. However, after placing them in the charger for a few hours
and thinking I was going to return them, I tried them on again, and with a
different size of ear pads; and the bass actually came to life! I guess it's
true, earphones/headphones have to be broken into. Give these some times, a few
hours of playing to get the audio drivers going, and the audio quality becomes a
little above average. I love music and I definitely wouldn't go as far as to say
that the sound quality is excellent, but it's getting better at least. Right now
it's pretty good. Maybe next week it will reach excellent? Anyway, sleek look,
nice charging case and cool touch features to adjust volume and change tracks.
    These earbuds are very compact and detailed in every aspect of the product.
They have their own storage case, charging cord and of course different sizes of
ear plugs to accommodate any size ear. ( I have very small ears and found a size
to fit mine). The bag that came with the set is compact enough to carry in your
purse/crossbody bag.  The earbuds are self changing in the sturdy plastic case
that they rest in, you don’t need batteries because they are conveniently
charged by usb if you have an iPhone. I’m back for a set for my husband.  These
will not disappoint and they seem like they will last for awhile.
    They are okay. If you want to just use one, you can only use the left one,
because the right one won't connect unless they are both out. Somethings they
fail to connect and I have to take them out, and put them back in. I don't like
that I cannot skip songs or turn volume up and down with them. But for a basic
wireless ear bud, they are okay. I like that the case can double as a charger
for your phone. I don't hear anything when I have them in and am listening to
music, However, sometimes when I am doing things, the right will come in and
out.
    I use these headphones on a regular basis at the gym. The charge last around
four hours when they are not in the charging box. I charge the headphones every
other day.  I have accidently dropped the headphones into water and they've
worked afterwards. I do struggle with getting the volume to turn up. Which, I've
learned after a while that you have to hold the right headphone in your hand, or
between your thumb and pointer finger until the headphones tell you that you
have reached max volume. The placement of the headphone in your hand can
sometimes be tricky due to the sensitivity of the headphones. Overall, I love
these headphones and refuse to go to the gym without them.
    Product worked well the first 3 weeks. Then right headphone lost most
volume. Now they wont charge correctly so half the time I put them in and they
are dead. UPDATE: seller contacted me after writing this review to offer to
replace the earbuds or refund. I thought this was great and would have changed
the review and stars to reflect this once I got them and found they worked.
However, the seller refuses to do so until I fully delete this review. If you
are relying on their reviews be warned that they are doing this.SECOND UPDATE:
After the last review update the Seller refunded my money.
    Listening with headphones is very important to me. My thought process when
buying headphones was finding something cheap while having a decent quality of
sound, all while taking a physical beating from dropping. I will say that after
a month of having these on the sound is phenomenal for its 35$ price. But, that
does not mean they will be my forever headphones.Cons:-after about 30 minutes of
use, the earbuds cushions become very resistant to your earwax. This means:
cushions feel slippery, they feel wet, (don't worry I clean my ears every
morning when I wake up). I have to constantly wipe the cushions because it feels
weird.-The case is bulky since it also serves as a 2200 MAH charger.-the
microphone for talking on the phone is terrible, people have said to me that my
voice is muffled, and since these are my main earbuds, talking on the phone has
been a big problem for me.-These earbuds announce everything: when they connect
to a device, when they disconnect from a device, how they power off and
reconnect withing 3-5 minutes of non-activity, when both earbuds connect to each
other. there is no way to disable this.Pros:-Quality sound for the price.-The
earbuds do not feel bulky in your ears-long battery life-emergency portable
charger everywhere you go-waterproof (but bluetooth connection does not work in
water)What caught my eye was that the case also serves as a portable charger. I
have come to believe that when buying a product it is important to buy a product
for it's intended use, do not buy a product because it has extra gadgets and
gizmos thrown in. "A jack of all trades is a master of none"
    I am going to start off by saying....if you receive a "winner" card from
this company they will not honor it. They will correspond and no win!! the
reason for the 3 stars instead of five. Honor what you promote!! With that being
said, they earbuds work great, BUT will not connect to apple phones. We have 2
kids with iPhones and did not work....however...I have an Android and love
them!! They fit without hurting your ears and do not fall out. Great sound
quality and stay charged!! We bought 4 for all of the kids but I am not sending
the 2 back, my husband and I are keeping them for ourselves because they are
good quality.
    I was incredibly impressed the minute I put these earbuds in and hit play on
my phone! Upon opening the charging case, I was excited to see that the earbuds
were quite a bit smaller than many of the other popular brands. I have smaller
ears so many of the earbuds are difficult to fit into my ear correctly, and they
fall out a lot. I have custom in-ears that were over $1000, and not only are
these much more comfortable, but the sound quality can give my custom's a run
for their money. I have not been able to find out how many driver's these
earbuds have, but the sound is smooth and even. I also love that the case is not
only a really nice charging port for the earbuds, but you can also use it to
charge your cell phone! According to the info on the earbuds, the case is good
for two full charges but I can't verify this yet as I haven't needed it for more
than a short charge. It's smaller than many of the power banks that we carry
with us, so this has freed up some space in my bag. The case is nice, small, and
feels like it will hold up well. I'm still trying to work through controlling
the volume with the earbuds themselves, but everything else is incredibly easy,
even connecting them to my phone. I also like that they state information - like
that they're connected once you have them set in your ear. I have worn these to
the gym on a couple of occasions now, and even with the sweat, there has been no
issues, and they don't fall out with movement like a lot of the earbuds do. I
think these are going to be on the top of our Christmas gift list this year.
They price is great compared to a lot of other brands, and you can't beat the
fit.
    This is my first pair of bluetooth earbuds (wanted to start with an
inexpensive set) and so far, they've done mostly what I want them to do. I
mainly just use them for walking my dog/background music if I'm working at a
coffee shop. I like the tap features for pause/play, skipping tracks, etc. Sound
quality is pretty good. The issue I'm having with them is that my phone is
CONSTANTLY connecting to them when I don't want it to. I will turn off "X9" in
my bluetooth menu, select the device I actually want connected, and a minute
later, it will connect back to X9. It's extremely frustrating.According to other
people I know with bluetooth earbuds (of all different brands/types), their
phones will not connect to the buds while they are in their case. This makes
sense and would be ideal, but it's not happening with this set of earphones.
Even when shut into the case, my phone randomly connects to them. The only way
to stop this from happening is to completely unpair them, which just means I
have to re-pair them every time I want to use them. Just an annoying
inconvenience, but inconvenient nonetheless.
    Battery life is ok.  I was on a 3 hour flight from Tampa to Philly and they
gave out with about 45 mins to go.  They recharged quickly in the case though
and I was ready for my connecting flight.  The sound quality is ok.  I wish that
they went just a little louder.  I connect them to my iPhone XR and listen to my
music while flying for business weekly or when I'm home cutting the grass.
Noise cancellation is impressive.  I can't hear my mower over them.  They work
better than an older pair of beats that I have.  All in all they are solid,
especially at one-fourth the price of apple ear buds.
    The buds last about 4hrs and they don’t take long to charge in the case. I
come back from lunch and it’s finished charging. A fully charged case can get me
through the 40hr work week fine, but I usually only use one earbud at a time.
Sound is decent. Comfortable fit mostly, but wearing them too long and too often
does make it feel a bit sore. Only used for calling once. Was told I sounded
really low. Sound is decent. Touch control isn't too great. Pausing/Playing and
activating voice control are pretty much the only functions that work right when
using the buds single. Pairing is quick. Lights on the case really help track
how much battery is left.
    Package: The wireless earbuds come in a nice portable case, which acts as
both a carrying case, a charging station for the earbuds, and its own charging
device for other small electronics. Additionally, there is a small USB cord that
can be used to charge the charging case, as well as three different sizes of
rubber ear pieces. One thing I would note is that the carrying case is a bit
bigger than other models that I've tested, though I suspect that this is due to
the charging capabilities that it carries.• Size/Fit: At first glance, the
earbuds may look a bit loose fitting due to the lack of support on the earpiece
itself. For that reason, I decided to use a larger rubber piece, though we
quickly found that the small size is more suitable for her. Fortunately, we had
no real issues with the fit as the earbuds fit very snugly and did not feel
loose at all while in use. She even tested these during a light run on the
treadmill, and to our pleasant surprise, the earbud did not feel loose at all.•
Connectivity: We had no issues connecting the earbuds to her iPhone or iPad. We
were also able to connect these to my desktop at home. Similar to Airpods, the
earbuds connect automatically when you remove the earbud from the charging case.
This is a small nit, but when the left or right earbud connects individually, it
carries the same name as the other earbud, so it requires an additional step of
renaming the connection to differentiate between R/L.• Sound and Call Quality:
In short, we were blown away by the sound quality, as it is rare for the earbuds
to have such a solid bass. This holds true for a variety of music, from Top 40
to EDM. Likewise, the call quality was crisp and ahead of other similar wireless
earbuds that we've tested.In summary, this is a great value for wireless
Bluetooth earbuds that also doubles as its own portable charging device. The
sound and call quality were stunning at this price point, and this has already
become the go-to listening device for my wife. Highly recommended for those
looking for new earbuds!
    I bought 4 “truly wireless” earbuds to compre and see which I liked the
best. I got the Pasonomi (these), the Otium Soar, the RadeMax truly wireless in-
ear headphones, and the KAHE wireless earbuds.Seeing as I’m always working out I
just wanted to test a few things. Most important is how do these sound. Out of
all of them the Pasonomi had the clearest sound but the otium soar were the only
earbuds with a nice bass. (Even better than the otium wireless earbuds). Next
was seeing how far away can I go with these earbuds. They all started to cut off
after about 15m. So I moved onto noise cancelling capability. I entered a semi
noisy lounge, kids were studying in big groups. The otium soar and the pasonomi
were definitely the best but otium soar’s earbuds fit more snuggly so the otium
won for moose cancelling. I did try the Pasonomi with other earbuds I had and
the noise canceling and overall sound was better.After seeing these results I
definitely decided on otium soar and Pasonomi. In the end I kept both. I really
like the otium soar because they fit so nice and feel great when working out,
but I can’t wear them all day since they will die after about 2 hours. And then
if I accidentally put one earbud wrong inside the charging case, I end up only
charging one earbud and then I can’t use both. So I kept both because I can
switch them when they are charging. Also the otium soar can only charge the
earbuds up to 4 times I believe and the Pasonomi can charge up to 15 times! Plus
I can charge my phone which is great.Also, if the four earbuds I tried out,
otium soar and Pasonomi were the most aesthetically pleasing when placed in my
ear. So there’s that.Also, the Pasonomi are nice because you can just touch the
earbud to control music etc. and otium soar you have to press the earbud
controls instead. This is why I like otium soar during workouts because I’m not
accidentally touching the earbud controls. But then during other parts of the
day, Pasonomi is nice because I just have to swiftly touch the earbud, it takes
a lot less effort.There’s many pros, few possible cons. It’s up to you to decide
if they’re worth it. I think they are.
    So I purchased these wireless ear buds not really knowing what to expect as
I don’t really use a lot of them because they hurt my ears. I do have to say I
was pleasantly surprised that these are quite comfortable and stay in. The
directions were sort of hard to follow due to the language barrier but I was
still able to figure it out. I was able to sync these with my iPhone XR Without
any issue at all. I did try making a few phone calls with these ear buds and had
no problems but I’m not sure that these are something I would use every day if I
had to make continuous calls as the hearing was a little difficult at times. I
do like that the little charging case is magnetic I find that super helpful and
they do tend to hold a charge for quite a long time.My great niece who is 8 used
these for hours Playing games on her phone and watching YouTube stuff and she
had no issues with them and she actually she told me that she really liked them
and wanted them !!I would definitely recommend these as really affordable
wireless Bluetooth earbuds. The sound quality overall is very good and the ear
buds are super comfortable. It’s so nice to not have to worry about cords
getting in the way and being able to move freely. The magnetic case is really
awesome,  they charge really quickly and hold a charge for a long time.
    Let’s start with some background - I wanted to have earbuds for my workout
session. Something small and that would fit perfectly in the ear and not very
pricy like AirPods. Oh boy, did I get what I wanted!!The build quality is really
good. Doesn’t feel cheap at all. The charging case is well built as well and is
easy to carry in the pocket or any small bag. The dedicated button to show
battery is additional feature imo.Let’s talk about sound quality. Given the
price range, I think it is above par. I wouldn’t say it compares with $300 bose
earbuds but it provides really good base and noise cancellation. The extra ear
buds came in handy coz I have lil small ear and need smaller buds.I also liked
the water resistant. I am a sweaty guy when it comes to the gym. This thing held
up to its reputation in terms of that as well. Kudos to the
manufacturers.Overall, it’s a really great product and definitely bang for you
buck. Not to mention, it is damn fancy to look at.
    I was looking for wireless bluetooth headphones specifically for working out
at the gym. After two weeks of use, these headphones have been fantastic. The
sound quality is excellent, I love the little charging case, and they stay in my
ear during my weight routines and ab workouts. I've had some issues with music
pauses and breaking up, but I am fairly certain that is from poor wi-fi signal
(I listen to online streaming music mostly) as I had that with my last
headphones. Overall very happy with this purchase!
    Easy set up, perfect fit without fail. Straight out of the box without
charging it lasted several hours, thereafter it charges quickly. Excellent noise
quality and I have also used to talk with on the phone. After about two days of
using to talk on the phone I've begun to encounter some malfunction with partner
stating my voice has begun to sound mumbled or robotic. This could be a
connection issue or perhaps from overuse as I had used it almost constantly.Will
update with more info and any changes if they occur.
    If you need quality that doesn't break the bank, this is your earbuds.  The
charge lasts long and they recharge full every time you put them in the charging
case.  I use to work out daily and I go at least 2 weeks without needing to
recharge the charging case.  They fit perfectly in your ear.  They stay put.
The sound quality is good.  For those heavy sweat workouts, would recommend
making sure you clean off the little screen to be sure to get best sound
quality.  I have used earbuds that were 3X the cost and these are better!  Buy
with confidence and IF you have an issue, their customer service will respond
quickly and take care of your needs.
    So these are awesome. For only 50 bucks you get headphones you can workout,
wear in the shower and are comfortable to wear all day. I think the ear buds
tips that come with these are way to small. Only tiny ear wholes would fit but
they can easily be changed for some other ones from other ear phones . They
connect super easy . You just take the out of the case and they connect fast !
To top it off it has 2200 mamp battery charger which is great for when I'm out
all day. Usually I have my headphones with me. And they rarely need charge so
it's perfect I use the battery for my phone more than the headphone ... You
won't be disappointed.
    I love love love these earbuds! I have had them for about 2 months now and
wear them every day at work. The battery life is great, sound quality is amazing
(I've yet to have to turn the volume all the way up on them), and fit is very
comfortable in my ear. My mom and fiance ended up purchasing a pair as well and
love them. Almost all of my coworkers have purchased them too. Seriously could
not have gotten a better pair of earbuds for the price. 110% recommend!
    I originally had moderate expectations of these headphones and didn't think
that they would impress me... but I was wrong.  These are awesome headphones
that pair with your phone quickly, and easily (instructions are simple).  My
first use was actually to take them on a run, which I thought would go poorly
since they just sit inside your ear - I expected them to be falling out as I
pounded the pavement for a few miles.  However, these sat in my ear securely,
not once jiggling free, and actually were more comfortable than my previous pair
of bluetooth headphones.  Battery life seems to be more than sufficient and the
carrying case doubles as a charger/battery pack which is really neat and useful.
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend these and will likely buy a second pair for my
wife soon.
    Easy to connect to my phone. Battery life was about 3-4 hrs of play. Some
headphones out there require you to sync and use both buds at the same time, and
these you can use independently (one charges while you use the
other).However...if you are looking to use these for phone calls, i advise you
to go with a type of ear piece that does NOT have the mic in your ear. I was
told that at times i sounded muffled or 'in a cave', and it was hard to clearly
hear me, even with no surrounding noise pollution when using these for a phone
call. I ended up buying a separate headset piece for phone calls.But if you are
searching for decent buds for music, these will do great!
    Read some negative reviews so I was a little worried, but they sound good
and immediately paired! Easy to use, nice packaging, and came with a carry
pouch. The earbuds that came with aren't too great though
    Overall: Ok earphones for the price. I gave the product 2 stars because it's
bulky and not very comfortable in the eardrum. Also, people don’t seem to hear
me. Maybe it’s best for listening to podcasts/music?LIKES-Affordability-Nice
case and shows battery life-I can take calls and also tend to my kids (huge
plus!)-Good Guarantee (3 month replacement or full refund, 12 months worry-free
warranty)DISLIKES-Ear piece isn't the most comfortable. It bothers my ear after
5 min of use. I've tried different sized ear tips to see if that helps but
hasn't yet.-The ear piece is bulky in the ear drum and the ear tip gets caught
on my tragus earring, which doesn't hurt but it's more of an annoyance-I had a
difficult time pairing both ear pieces to each other. It took at least 30min to
figure that out - manual says both earphones should flash blue and red alternate
lights but only one piece did that. The paring worked anyway but I spent a lot
of time trying to get both earphones to flash red and blue lights.-A few times
callers have said it's difficult to hear me but I haven't used them long enough
to know if it's an issue on my side or their side.-people have a hard time
hearing me
    I bought these earbuds 9 months ago and have been loving them ever sense.
They pair to my iPhone very easily and have pretty good sound and battery life.
Overall I would totally recommend these for how much they cost! But there are a
few things that aren’t my favorite. First off when I bought them I was super
excited to see that they were water prof, but as it turned out they weren’t as
water prof as they had made them out to be. One night I was sitting down
listening to music and drinking water when I decided to take one earbud out, and
because I’m so clumsy I accidentally dropped on earbud into my glass of water.
It must have been in the water for 3 seconds before I got it out, but ever sense
that happened that earbud has little to no audio ever. Now for 50 dollar ear
buds it pretty great that they at least have some sort of water protection but I
wouldn’t trust the waterproofing of these for more than just rain or sweat. The
other complaint I have about these earbuds is they have zero bass, even when
playing a song with really heavy bass you won’t get anything about of these
things. Now I don’t NEED bass in my music so it’s not a huge deal for me but if
you really like bass I wouldn’t recommend these to you. Other than these two
problems I really enjoy theses headphones and would recommend them to anyone
looking for a cheap pair of earbuds.
    Straight out of the box the earbuds looked great. The instructions were
simple and easy to follow.The bluetooth paired easily with my galaxy s9. Worked
surprisingly well for calls, even when my phone was 2 floors below.The sound
quality watching movies was as good as I had hoped for.The only issue I had was
the touch functions. Play/pause or answer/end call was great. The volume was
good, but the up is controlled by the right bud and down by the left, which is
fine unless you like to wear only one bud. The more complex controls were a
little more delicate to use.If you are going to always wear both and just need
to ansqer/end or pause/play then these are awesome.
    I finally got Bluetooth earbuds after procrastinating and I'm glad I got
these!  Sound quality is excellent, noise cancellation is great, battery life is
great.  They are really comfortable and don't fall out.  I cannot use apple
earbuds as they always would fall out.  I settled for skull candy for years
because they fit in my ears well.  My current phone, Google Pixel XL requires
Bluetooth headphones and I dragged my feet getting them since the phone came
with a little adapter that made my old standard earbuds useable, ... usually.
Well, necessity required me to finally get new ones and I'm kicking myself for
not doing this sooner.  These are great!  I only use them for music, both while
stationary and on an elliptical and I have no problems with them slipping.  I've
walked away from my phone and the range is pretty good, I've gone about 25 feet
before they cut out.  Those around me say they cannot hear my music so that's
also good to know because who wants to be that jerk on the plane whose sound is
trickling out of their headphones?  Definitely recommend!
    4/6/19 so I just received these today and will keep an update every week .
Was nervous about spending 50 bucks for some Bluetooth earbuds and I can almost
guarantee you will be more than happy with this purchase I’m the most hard
headed pickiest person you can imagine but damn I’m blown away with these so far
the touch commands on theses are freaking awesome will take time getting use too
but wow . I hope my these last I will post again in a week . Thank you to this
source you did an amazing job with these I can write a page on all the light
features I’m so thankful you guys were able to put all together for under 50
bucks!? Is just nuts I would of paid more if I would of seen them in store
congratulations on your product I will tel friends about you !
    I bought these in March  it is June  now I wanted to give them a good
working over before I did a review  ok,so far they have held up very well and
for the price there hard to beat sound quality good the battery  life is good
for long workouts  I usually get about 2.5 hrs out of them before they die the
water proofing works well. The charger, I can go 2 weeks most times before  I
have to recharge  it so about 8 to 10 charges.Problems  I foundEar buds need
more sizes for fitmentContacts for charging need to be cleaned  every few days
or they will not chargeWhen you recharge the charger you need to keep an eye on
it mine does and doesn't  cut off when its finished charging  over all so far
they have worked well and in my opinion  worth the money  I will up date when i
wear them out
    Great device!  Our first set of bluetooth earbuds, so I can't compare it
with other brands.  This brand works well and does a great job.  If you have the
wrong size earbuds on, these will fall out, so be sure to use the correct size
for your ear.  As long as you follow the instructions, you should have no
problem pairing.  I am satisfied with the sound quality and volume.*update:
This was a gift for my girlfriend, and she accidentally spilled water on the
charging box.  The charging box no longer held a charge, but it still provided
charge for the earbuds.  I contacted customer service and explained the
situation.  They immediately replied and sent a replacement charging box, free
of charge.  I am very happy and satisfied with the product and especially the
customer service.  I would definitely buy from Pasonomi again.
    After one and a half years of owning these, I can say that they're pretty
amazing for their price.Sound, build quality, and overall performance hasn't
degraded a bit, maybe except for the cover popping off.Thankfully, it still
sandwiches into place well and protects the earbuds!I guess my only complaint
would be the cover not shielding my eyes from the blinding charging light at
night, but then I remember that I only paid like $30 for it and flip it over.
    So far used them for a day and they’re a great buy. These are for loud
listening and my loud job, and my Airpods are for more quieter environments.
They fit great in my ears, don’t fall out. I need them to be discreet, which
they are if I’m wearing a hoodie or beanie. And they muff out a lot of outside
noise too. Only thing is you have to make sure they’re in properly or they won’t
turn off. Sometimes i just throw them in the case, but they don’t connect fully
so it still shows they’re on on my phone. I’d buy before they realize what
they’re selling and up the prices.
    I wasn't sure what to expect with these Bluetooth earbuds because I haven't
ever tried wireless ones.  These are a game changer for my workouts for sure!!
The sound quality is super clear.  I walked far away from my phone as I cleaned
my house and didn't lose a connection even once.  The volume is easy to turn up
and down with a tap of either ear bud.  I love that the touch functions make it
easy to control what songs you listen to.  To switch to a different genre or
album, the Siri function works great! I was even able to check the weather
through Siri without my phone nearby.  The battery lasts super long and is easy
to charge with the charging case.  When the battery power is low, the is a voice
warning through the earbuds so they can be popped into the case for a charge.
The case is also excellent to use as an extra source of power for phones and
other devices.  The fit of the buds is super comfortable and snug, so the buds
do not fall out when running or doing other workouts.  Overall, these earbuds
are perfect!
    These are very comfortable earphones once I changed out the silicone tips. I
have medium ears and the main part of the ear plug fits well in my ear. I asked
my friend who has small ears to try them on and she could not fit them in
properly as the bulk of the earphone was hanging out of her ear. I have been
using these to listen to music while riding my motorcycle and love them. They
fit well under my helmet and stay in. The phone charger and single bud use are
great features as well. The only issue is due to the fact that I ride my
motorcycle with these, it was disappointing that I had to take the charger box
with me to reactivate power to the buds after disconnecting from them to keep
using them. Overall these are great and would definitely recommend.Pros:-Great
cancellation of road noise.-Easy connection to phone.-Touch pad options are
great to use with phone in pocket.-Fast charging.-Fit well.-Great sound (both
bass and treble).-Water resistant.Cons:-Inability to reconnect without charging
box.-Short charging cable.-No charging block.-Touch pad sensitivity with
double/triple tap is off a bit.
    I have used these every day for 10 weeks. They are great! They are
comfortable, fit well in my ears and stay put. The sound is great and I really
can't hear anything else with them in.  Sometimes I only use one of them so I
can hear what's going on around me when I am running or at the gym. Yesterday
they stopped working, but I contacted the seller when I realized they were still
under warranty. I hope to hear from them soon so I can enjoy them again! They
keep me sane at work! I would definitely buy them for my friends and family if
the seller honors the warranty. We will see!
    These were really great headphones, for a year.  Purchased 1/2/2019 for $52.
Now about a year later (2/25/2020), the right earbud does not work anymore, and
the left earbud sounds tin-y / echoey.  They've had an easy life in my desk
drawer at work, never traveled with them, never ran with them, etc.  They were
good while they lasted, but not sure if it was worth $52 for a year of use.I
bought a similar pair of Trayna earbuds, soley to keep in my gym bag, in July
2019.  Those were only $40, and seem to be higher quality.  Hoping those last
well.  I would recommend the Trayna earbuds over these, although I have not
owned them as long so cannot speak to the life of those.I've included details of
the Trayna ones I purchased below.  Not sure if there's a better / updated
version of those now.Bluetooth 5.0 Deep Bass True Wireless Earbuds Built-in
Microphone, Tranya T3 Sports Wireless Headphones, 6-8 Hours Continuous Playtime,
60 Hours Total Playtime with Charging Case, IPX5 Water Proof
    ---Setting Context--Phone: pixel 3Utilization: indoor, gym or outdoor noise
to cancel--------------------Likes:Easy to pair.Comfortable fit for my ear
structure. Appearance wise, it doesn't look liked I have things sticking out of
my ears.Charging case is a convenience.Does require you to be blind about
correct grammar when following the instructions, in my take it is still simple
and straight forward to follow.Great sound quality. Does what product described
in terms of outside noise cancellation - note at time of this review, I haven't
used it in my airplane ride.Why the 3 star? Can't use it for calls at all. Sound
for ear are clear, but no one can hear me. There's not much help provided in
manual or customer service to get this working as a headset, as advertised. For
$50 I spent, I bought into the purchase for the phone call use as it advertised
and that failed in my criteria list. Will decide if good sound quality and noise
cancellation persuaded me to keep it.
    While these are certainly not the best in the market, they are the best in
this price range. I had a small manufacturing issue with my first order which
was quickly replaced for free. They fit well with medium to large ears, though
my girlfriend cannot fit them in her ear at all as they are simply too big to
get positioned within her antihelix.Decent sound quality, very good connection,
and accurate description of battery life.Note that you must always use the left
earpiece, so you cannot double the battery life by using a full charge on left
then right.EDIT:This was a paid review, offering the product for free upon
writing a five star review. I have now changed it to a 4. These are actually
very good for the price, however their sound quality isn't great. Its bass is
weak and it isn't the best connection. They also give me a horrible headache to
wear for an extended period of time.Also, if you play VR then these will
probably give you horrible motion sickness to use while in VR. I have never had
problems before with motion sickness in VR before, but just 5 minutes after
putting these in with it I had to quit.
    One word....LOVE! I’m so happy with these ear buds! I almost went out and
spent over $200 on similar product. Great quality sound is good!! The price is
the best part. I will be buying these for Christmas presents for sure!
    The volume has gradually reduced over the months.  At full volume the sound
is ok at best.  I’m  just concerned that the current trend will prove to be the
death nail for the ear buds. Occasionally have to unpair and re pair to my
device due to the cutting in an out of sound.  A bit annoying. ***UPDATE*** 2
star review revised.  the company (unprompted) refunded the entire purchase
price and shipped a new pair.  FANTASTIC customer service.  I’m hopeful that the
first pair was an unfortunate defect.
    I bought these for a birthday gift for my husband. He needed something
totally wireless for doing yard work and running and he loves them! Just like
other reviews say, you do need to use the correct ear pillow size to customize
the sound. The music balance quality is very good and they really are sweatproof
- they don't slip around or fall out.  The battery life is also as promised; he
gets several hours of audio time. Bonus: they came fully charged right out of
the box so he didn't have to wait to use them!
    I’ve hardly used these because I bought them for outside and had trouble
keeping them in my ears. But that’s not the problem.The problem is that I wanted
to try them again just for inside use and when I tried charging the box/power
bank, no lights. I’ve tried variations of different cords, plug in ports, and
different home outlets and even charging overnight and still no lights.The
window to contact seller is closed, so I can’t contact company through
Amazon.I’m hoping they will see this message and contact me.  I’m feeling I
should have just spent $20 on regular Bluetooth earbuds instead of $50 for
these.
    I did not want to buy the ugly apple pods sticking out of my ears, so I
tried these. They are pretty good. They connect well to my watch and iphone.
Sometimes when you ignore them on a devise they can not find them again and
occasionally one will loose connection. All in all,  I run with them and they
worked well. I also talked on the phone with them and the other people say they
can hear me well. I am giving my pair to my brother and buying another pair.
Sound is ok... they are not Bose speakers of course but they do they job for a
good price.
    My first impression when I got them on right out of the box was that they
sounded very “tin”ny. Could hear the bass very well. No biggie, I had not sized
them yet. I tried various tip combination till I got what I felt was a good fit.
Now I was ready to hit the gym. I have to say, they sounded very good once I had
them “perfectly” positioned in my ears. Bass was good highs where clear.
Unfortunately, they didn’t stay that way.  I found myself continuously adjusting
them. I would get them just right and if I needed to pause or skip to the next
song, I would screw up my “perfect” fit by pressing the button. Which distracted
me from my routing. Also, when I tried to adjust them I somehow managed to hit
the buttons and kept pausing the song. All in all, they are not bad. It just
didn’t work for me. I think they would be great if I was just sitting around
listening to music. So, I had to return them. One thing I must say, returning
them to Amazon was simple and easy.
    What I like:  Physical design and craftsmanship are excellent.  They fit and
stay in my ears very well and don't cause any discomfort over time.  When I use
them to talk on the phone, people report that they can't tell I'm using them-
sound quality is great for the recipient of the call.  The battery life of the
charging base is great- it lasts for many charges of the ear buds.  The design
of the case is great and it is really well built.What I dislike:  Very little
bass when listening to music brings the sound quality rating down.  I gave it 3
stars.  Battery life with continuous use for music listening with volume at
about 1/2 max is around 3 hours.  Not terrible but I would prefer they last
longer.  The tap controls can be a little clumsy to use.Overall I really do like
these and no regrets on the purchase.  They are a good value when considering
the feature set and performance vs. cost.  They are so convenient to use for
toggling between phone and music when I'm working or on the run.  I'm looking
forward to having these for traveling.  My score is mainly due to the sound
quality, which could be improved.After I wrote this original review, the
manufacturer contacted me to issue a full refund (without returning the product)
and ship me a new set as well.  The new set performs the same but really
impressed with their customer service!
    I've had these for less than a year, and my experience has been mostly
frustration. They're not to blame for Bluetooth being a garbage technology, but
they don't bring much to the table. When I have them paired to both my
Chromebook and Android phone, they will only work with the phone until I force
Forget the device, even if I try to manually pair with the Chromebook. They will
periodically cut out and lose connection to the device, and I have to re-pair.
The sound is often low when I first put them in my ears, and I have to put the
buds back in the charger, and go through the process again before they'll be at
a listenable volume. Sometimes this takes multiple tries. The documentation is
incomplete and confusing, and does not (as far as I could decipher) include a
key for the meanings of the various blue/red light combinations. Yesterday, they
stopped working altogether, despite having light activity on the buds.These are
not worth the money; if I had known what was in store when I bought them, I
would have just skipped the purchase.
    Nice set of wireless earbuds at this price point. Easy to bluetooth to my
Samsung galaxy 7S. Good sound and very comfortable. Nice charge case and you can
even charge your phone with it. Touch adjustment on earbuds to adjust volume,
next track and answer phone call. When listening to music, I personally can't
here surroundings so I would consider that noise cancellation.  Also the earbuds
come with several different ear tips, make sure to find the size that fits your
ears snugly because this makes a difference in the sound quality. Overall, very
nice and I would recommend these.
    These head phones are great for their price. Sound quality was good and they
were perfect for working out. Ear buds fit nice, changing the song forward or
back with a double tap of the ear bud was easy and convenient. The only problem
I ran across was the right ear bud did have problems keeping connected to my
phone when I took them out on a run (the left ear bud stayed connected the whole
time).
    I’ve had these since Aug. ‘19 but only recently tried them out. I can’t
believe I waited this long. The sound quality is great and the fit is quite
comfortable in my ear. I won’t use these for calls, but instead long trips on
planes. I think these will be perfect for traveling around as the case is small
enough to keep in my purse and it won’t add too much extra weight to be worried
about lugging them around. I appreciate that you get a warning when there’s low
battery. For the price, there’s no need to speed the extra on a pricey fruit
brand.
    I was really impressed at first; the sound quality was good, the batteries
lasted about 4 hours and charged really quickly. I did have a really hard time
keeping them in my ear, tried all the earpiece sizes BUT I have trouble with all
headphones that go in your ear so I think its just me.I have not used them very
much because of the before mentioned falling out problem. Now all of a sudden
they are starting to connect to my phone while they are in the charging case. I
have to either turn off the Bluetooth on my phone or tell my phone to forget the
headphones.I would return them but I am outside my return window with Amazon :(
    This has been one of the best things I have purchased this year. I have had
many headphones in the past but the style, quality and customer service have
blown me away. I recently had the earbuds stolen from the charging case while I
was at work and the manufacturer graciously sent me new earbuds.1. The design
and fit of the earbuds is wonderful and sleek and not at all bulky. They came
with many different size tips ensuring that they fit snug in all ear sizes.2.
Pairing was very fast and super easy. I especially loved being able to use one
earbud at a time. If I listen to music at work, I need to be able to have one
free ear to be able to communicate and these earbuds have made it so easy to use
one without the hassle of having both outside the case.3. The charging case and
earbud battery life is outstanding. I recently had to get rid of a different
pair of Bluetooth headphones that only lasted about 30 minutes. With these, I
never have to worry about whether they are charged and the case itself stays
charged a long time.4. The sound quality stands up to the more well known
brands. You will not be disappointed with the great quality of this product.5. I
know many have said these are not good for phone calls but this did not deter me
since I bought them with the intention of only using them to listen to
music.Overall, I cannot say enough positives about this product. I am so happy
that I did not need to attempt to find a replacement once mine were stolen. I
definitely recommend these earbuds and can’t thank pasonomi enough for their
outstanding product.
    The quality is decent, the controls are alright, the sound quality is good,
the battery life is fine, the microphone works, and they're comfortable enough
to wear for an hour or two.I really don't have any issues with these considering
the price, but I think in the future I'd just spend more and get a nicer pair or
Bluetooth earbuds.Update: Occasionally they inexplicably drop their connection
and then attempt to reconnect, but can't until they're powered off and back on
in the carrying case.
    I am so happy I purchased these Bluetooth comparable wireless headphones
over any other! I received them quickly, and was very pleased with the sound
quality and comfort. My biggest concern was that they wouldn’t be comfortable or
would not fit in my ear, that was NOT the case. They are perfect! I’m hoping to
get a pair for my son and husband for Father’s Day!
    I was surprised to find the charging base fully charged upon arrival. I love
these things so much I don’t want to take them off! There was 7 different size
earpieces, so after I found the ones that fit I hardly noticed I was wearing
them, except the great sound they produce. It comes with a nice carrying case,
but make sure you keep the manual in it because it has important instructions
about how to reset the headphones and has details about what each indicator
light means. They resemble a spaceship in their case. The technology definitely
seems space age! Amazing value too.
    Let me just start by saying I've had countless headphones and earbuds over
the past few years. I'm a marathon runner so comfort and reliability are vital
to me. A long battery life is essential as well.I purchased these only a few
days ago and just finished a quick 6 mile run. It was hot and extremely humid
so, needless to say I sweated, a lot. This was the perfect test for these
earbuds because I wondered if they would begin to slip or even fall out when
they started to get sweaty.But I am happy to report they never moved! No issues
with the touch pads either, even with sweaty hands.It's been along time since
I've had a pair of earbuds or headphones that just sort of disappeared and
allowed me to focus solely on my run.Of course this was only my first
impressions so I cant comment on longevity or battery life just yet.Sounds
quality was fine, not amazing but that's not the reason I bought these.All in
all I'm very please so far. I will follow up on my review at the end of my
running season.
    I was iffy on if these headphones would work well for me . So far they have
been great. I spend about 4 hours on the phone for work a day. I mentioned to a
few people I have a new headset and they say it sounds great. I can hear others
clearly.The shape I'm also very satisfied with. I could never figure why people
like certain headphones that look like cigarettes in your ear. They fit snug and
never fall out.I don't listen to alot of music through them but some podcasts
and it's great.The case they come in is great for protection and charging as
well. Once you get headphone close to is spot the magnet pulls it in tight.I've
yet to use much of the touch functions in headset but seems pretty good already
to turn on and off and to get Siri's attention.I would definitely recommend
these for what I've covered.
    They are really nice Headphones. Truly Wireless, and ima go as far to say
that they are Better then the Apple Headphones. The reason why i say that is
because i have had them for 5 weeks now. I only charged the portable charger
once and it still charges my ear pods in a hour everyday i use them with out
needing to be changed. I dont know how it stayed charged for so long but its
still on 3 bars. I dont know if i may have a super portable one but im happy ☺.
this thing also charges my phone on the go. The sound quality for listening to
music is nice too. Its not beats by dre quality but it works.  It also has good
voice time quality with your family and friends. You can hear them clear and
they can hear you clear. I've walked with these for 2 hours and 3mins listening
to music and i spent 1 hour talking on the phone thats when the battery finally
got low. All in all. The best headphones you can buy plus when you add the 50
dollar price tag with a 10 dollar 2 year warranty on them, how could anyone say
that the Apple Headphones are better?
    Man! I’m so disappointed. I purchased these on July 21 and loved the
quality, the fit and finish, everything about them. Until today, August 23. The
right ear piece stopped working. It just wouldn’t pair with my phone any longer.
The left one continues to work but I switch them out while at work and without
both they become far lesser in value. The 3 plus hour battery life is adequate
especially when wearing one at a time as I have at work. So disappointed.
    Sound greatly decreased by third time using them. Will be replacing. I also
didn't receive the extra ear pieces and I'm wondering if I got someone's
return.Just got these and used them on a bike ride The sound is pretty decent
and they seem to fit pretty well.  My issue thus far is they are extremely
sensitive. They are designed for you to tap on the ear piece to pause/skip
tracks. Simply adjusting these in my ears created inconveniences.  Considering
how they fit in the ear it is difficult NOT to end up directing the tracks just
by putting them in, taking them out, even when I pulled some hair over my ears
and touched the earpiece.
    I will start off with the bad, and there was only one bad.  The product
arrived quickly as promised, but during initial setup, I could only get sound
out of one earbud at a time.  I could switch it back and forth with a tap on the
earbud, but could not figure out what was going on.  I contacted Pasonomi, and
they said product could have been damaged in shipment.  I swapped them out for
another pair, and alas, no problems whatsoever.  The written instructions were
not that clear, but there is a video on the Pasonomi facebook page which makes
set up very simple.  Within two minutes I was up and rocking.  The earbuds
themselves fit very well in my ears, and there are also different sizes included
if it did not.  Sound was excellent.  I am mainly using these for working out,
and the quality of the sound was excellent as well.  I love the case it comes
with, and the magnetic way it attaches to the charging station.  It even comes
with a little bag to store everything in.  I am very pleased with these wireless
headphones, and for the price, they seem to be an excellent buy.  I would
recommend these for anyone who does not want to spend the ridiculous amount
other companies charge for quality Bluetooth wireless earphones.
    These are really excellent. I want to say up front that anyone who thinks
these have no bass are wearing them wrong. Surprisingly full sound from treble
to mid to bass if you’ve got the right size earpieces on, and have them in tour
wars right.Great features too! Touch sensors that change tracks and pause. A
charging case. Amazing battery life on the buds and the charger case. I would
have paid $200 for a product like this. Definitely surpassed my expectations.
    I've had these for about a month now and have no complaints. I mostly use
these when I bike or work. When biking, I only put in the right ear bud. These
are VERY easy to set up each ear bud separately as individual bluetooth devices.
To do this, simply take each ear bud out of the charging case individually (one
at a time, don't have both out at the same time), and pair the available device
to your phone/laptop/whatever. I just have mine names as "L" and "R". When you
take both out at the same time, they connect to one another and the left one
connects to your device. Note that when using only one ear bud, the only touch
control you have is single tap for play/pause and double tap for reverse (no
forward or volume control).Overall, very pleased. Case is compact and provides
tons of charging time. It also holds the ear buds in place with magnets, which
is super handy. They aren't the most comfortable to have in your ear, but I
definitely wouldn't say I find them uncomfortable. Very intuitive and easy to
use.
    First of all, these headphones are extremely easy to pair to your phone.
They come in a magnetic case that is also the charging base. They were partially
charged when I received them but I charged them overnight before use. To pair,
you need to take them both out of the case to be discovered by your Bluetooth.
The sound quality is good but I wouldn’t say they are completely noise
cancelling. They feel comfortable in my ears and come with extra rubber ear
pieces. I used them on and off all day and they didn’t lose their charge. I feel
like they make me look like I’m in the matrix though. Overall, I think they are
good quality headphones.
    To be honest I was a skeptic when looking at the shape online and was
looking at the beats, etc. which had a cord between the earbuds. But there were
many positive reviews so I went ahead and ordered. When the earbuds arrived,
they surpassed my expectations.I am a rock climber and wore these while
bouldering at the gym. Even when falling off the wall, they staying in my ear. I
wore them while jump roping and they stayed in my ear. They do this by resting
on the inside of your ear; it's comfortable and with a bit of wiggling, feels
secure. The sound quality was great; both music and my podcasts were enjoyable.
Music can be paused/started by tapping the side.Lastly, they were easy to pair
with my phone and the case was, surprisingly, a plus. The earbuds automatically
turn on/off when they enter/leave the case and they charge the battery when they
enter the case. The case can also charge your phone on longer trips, though not
a feature I was looking for, definitely could be a plus while traveling.
    I've been a longtime user of bluetooth headphones, the kind with a wire
connecting the two buds. I've tried different styles -- loose cable, rigid cable
that is meant to rest on the nape of the neck... They all get in the way at the
gym, especially when running they tend to tug the earbud(s) out. With the last
pair I had, the music would frequently cut out when I blocked the bluetooth
receptor by doing some overhead motion - drove me crazy. Probably the worst part
is when they die at the beginning of a workout and you have to finish the whole
thing music-less...With wireless earbuds, they charge every time you put them
back in the case, and the case battery lasts a very long time (about a week for
me with ~2-3 hrs/day of use), so you never need to worry about earbuds dying
during a workout. Plus there is a battery level indicator in the case. I can't
justify spending the premium on Airpods, and I don't like Airpod fit and sound
quality anyway, so I went with these. They worked out of the box (connect to
"X9" in your bluetooth settings) and last about 3-4 hours on a single charge.
They fit quite well in my ears, similar to other bluetooth headphones. There are
different sizes of silicone "mushrooms" (earbud tips); however, I did use tips
from a different pair of earbuds because I felt the included ones were too small
-- personal preference, I like a tight, noise-canceling fit and don't mind a
little ear canal pressure.The charging case takes a micro-USB input and can
charge out with a standard USB. Personally I never see myself using this because
I carry around a much larger capacity Anker battery bank, but perhaps if you're
in a pinch and need a little juice. My one complaint is that the extra juice in
this case makes it a bit larger, and I don't like carrying it in my pocket. It's
3.2" x 2.2" x 1.3". I tend to leave it in my car/backpack.If you've been using
regular bluetooth earbuds or fully wired earbuds (3.5mm jack) and have been
considering trying out the convenience of fully wireless earbuds at a great
price point, definitely check these out.
    So I wanted to replace a 3 year old set of Senso's bluetooth headphones that
have been absolutely phenomenal. These came and all looked good they came with a
half charge and so did the case. They turned on and pair quickly and I was
pretty happy. Then I turned on some music... and my smile faded. The tinniest of
sounds came through almost no treble, absolutely no bass, flat mids. I'm
definitely not an audiophile considering I loved my $20 3 year old set of
headphones. I did a side by side comparison and its not even close the Senso's
have great bass and good mids and treble, and no video lag using bluetooth 4.1.
The Pasonomi is thin tinny and crackly with no bass, the video lags several
seconds too.Good:-Great form factor.-Nice case.-Fits my ear great and I couldn't
get them to fall out while running or shaking my head wildly.-Connects
quickly.Bad:-Terrible audio quality (see above)-Lags too long to watch video
with.-I couldn't get any of the ear pieces to seal well. I ended up using the
tips off of my old set for a good seal and still terrible audio.In conclusion
the form of these is great the charging case worked ok, and they are light
weight and secure in my ear. Its just that if the audio is no good then you
can't or don't want to listen to music. If it lags too bad then watching videos
is annoying, so what are these good for?
    This little guys are great.  Sound is clear, not completely cancelling but
pretty good.  Battery life is about 4 hours and they can be pair independently.
The only thing about the product that I don't love is when a call comes in when
they are connected, they recite the number, which is great, but if you answer
quickly, it keeps talking and whomever is on the line cant hear you until the
number completes.  If this is fixed in the software, I would give 5 stars.
There is also not a lot of information in the instruction that come with
them.Also had a great experience with service when I contacted them through
Amazon.  I had accidentally deleted the pairing and they would not reset and I
could not find any information on how to reset online and get them to pair to my
phone again.  Customer service was quick and sent back very specific
instructions on how to reset and get them paired again.  I am very happy with
these and will buy again and would recommend to others.
    These are a pretty sweet set of little earbuds. The sound quality is good
and clear and the fitment is comfortable - not too loose or to tight. Their
Charge lasts for hours on end - I haven't had them die on me yet using for 3
hours straight. The earbuds come with a micro USB charging cable and many
different sized silicone earbuds to swap out as you feel fit. These are true
wireless Bluetooth earbuds at a very competitive price! Great purchase for the
active person who doesn't want to be tied down by cords. The other positive
bonus is that the case is also a charging box for the earbuds. Not only that,
but the case can also charge a cell phone as well!
    Don’t buy them. I tried to be cheap and avoid buying ear pods or legit
headphones. Spend the extra money Because these are cheaply made.manufactured in
a place where items are CHEAP and massively produced, the battery life is non
existent. One headphone charges and the other doesn’t. Sometimes the charging
case they live in will turn on randomly and drain itself.Just cheap.
Embarrassing if it was a gift.
    Loved these earbuds, they are a manageable size and stay in my ears when
running.  I especially liked the long battery life plus that fact that the case
can recharge the earbuds 15+ times and be used as a power bank in a pinch.  They
also sounded pretty decent as well and I couldn't hear a thing around me when
using the right size silicone tips to make sure I had a good seal in my
ear.HOWEVERMy first pair's right bud started fading out and becoming quiet after
about 3 weeks and would not come back.  This happened just towards the end of my
return window so I returned them and bought a replacement set.  I thought, maybe
I just had a bad pair?  But my second pair did the exact same thing in about the
same amount of time so returned those as well.  I was not willing to try again
because what if they last just a week longer next time and I'm out of my return
window? I bought a similar pair from a different brand so we'll see how long
these last...
    I love the size of the ear buds and the sound quality is awesome, I like the
compact size of the charging case and that you can get multiple charges out of
it, they do fit very well in my ears also they don't hurt my ears at all, but
the battery life is not great at all, and that is charging them prior to use,
started listening at 11:00 am 1:30 they needed to be charged only 2 and a half
hours, that's the reason for the 4 star review I will keep them as to use for
short durations. If your looking to buy these be aware that they will need to be
charged often.
    The headphones work pretty well indoors and the sound is decent for truly
wireless buds. But as soon as you take them outside, the sound cuts out
constantly unless you have your phone outside of your pockets. The touch
controls can be very annoying, as they are sensative. Any brush against the
headphone, even from water, will pause the audio or bring up voice command. It
is also very annoying that you can't turn them off unless you put them back in
the charger, which is a bit bulky to carry around.I blame myself for not
returning them initially but after a couple months with minimal use(indoors) the
sound went out on the right headphone. I emailed the company for any advice or
help and got zero reply.Spend a few more dollars and buy from a more reliable
company.
    I was tired of working out with regular earphones because they'd keep
getting snagged on things like my hands when running. I eventually put the cord
in my shirt.I then had a pair that wrapped around my head, but they'd get stuck
on my neck after sweating, so makes turning your head without popping one out
pretty easy!SO, finally bought this true wireless set and was initially pleased,
the extra earbud covers were never able to fit right in my ear and after some
time, they felt like fish hooks, so I replaced them with deeper earbud covers
from another device...Ahhhh, much better!NOW for the really weird stuff.
Despite following the directions from the manual, the right earbud was always
considerably lower than the left one!!  No matter what I tried to do (reset,
resync, use one at a time, adjust volume on my phone) the right one never was
loud enough to hear.  I went back to standard earbuds to test if my hearing was
bad...nope, it was equal sounding on that pair.  If I had the volume up to
normal (where I can have a conversation but still listen to music) and took out
the left earbud on this Pasonomi, then the right sounded like someone was
whispering.  I'd pump up the volume to get the right one louder, but then the
left one sounded like I was at a rock concert!!!!Directions said that putting
the earbuds into the charging case with the charge cable plugged into a wall
outlet would shut off the buds. NOPE, not the all.  I'm sitting here and I hear
the muffled sound of music and when I walk over to the Pasonomi charging case,
sure enough the earbuds are "ON" and playing songs from my phone!!!!  I can't
shut these darn things off!  Which comes to my other issue with these buds...the
directions say to hold the MFB for 2 seconds to turn them on (when they are
actually off), ok that worked.  Then hold for 5-10 seconds to turn them off -
Negative.  It just beeps and the stays paired to each other and the device.I
literally had to let the batteries run out or turn off bluetooth on my phone.
These earbuds keep auto-connecting, even when they're in the charging case AND
plugged into an outlet.  I've had them in my car, in a knapsack, coat pocket and
each time my phone rang and I'd answer...the Pasonomi X9's would immediately
commandeer - wait, HIJACK, the phone call so i had to constantly grab them or
quickly press the button on my phone to switch!!!Again, initial month or 2 were
bliss, but now it seems to have given up the ghost (or at least the right-side
ghost) after 4 months.  If was going to be stuck with one earbud, I should have
only paid half the price!!!!Buyer beware.
    not as loud as I would like, but good sound quality.  But I do have some
hearing loss so maybe that’s why I don’t think they are loud enough.  Update...
these headphones are way too sensitive.  If I move my head a certain way, they
will pause my music or audiobook, or drop important phone calls.  When in a
phone call, the other person can barely hear me.  No problem, I’ll just take
them out.  Well doing that somehow hangs up the call.  Very frustrating.
Looking for other options.
    I liked these headphones for the first few months of using them. The battery
life of the charging case is amazing, I used them 4x a week and only had to
charge the case itself once every 2 weeks.The sound quality is good, it’s clear,
and the Bluetooth range was impressive.There isn’t too much for noise
cancellation, but I’m fine with that as that was not my purpose for buying
these.Now that it’s been about 3 months since I’ve bought these, they suddenly
disconnected from my phone and are no longer showing up at all in my
discoverable devices or saved devices. I’m frustrated and disappointed in that
they’re basically now useless. I’ve tried to restart my phone, recharge the
case, messing with each ear bud, disconnecting and reconnecting my Bluetooth,
removing all of my precious Bluetooth devices and trying to reconnect them, etc.
it’s just these headphones that no longer seem to be compatible with my iPhone
XS.I’m still going to give them a good review for their price, fit, sound
quality, and battery life. But in terms of the overall product life? 3 months
apparently.
    When I first received these, they were great. The sound is good, the charge
lasted a long time, and they stayed well in my ears.  Four months later, they
won't keep ANY charge.  I plug in the charger, put them in my ear, and it says
they need to be charged. I wipe them off with a damp cloth after every use, and
I've cleaned off the place where they connect for charging. Nothing works. I
contacted "customer service," which, by the way is China, and they said to send
me a video of the problem. Now how do you video charging them and then putting
in your ear and "hearing" that they need to be charged?  This is a put off, and
I'm really annoyed.  Beware!  Although they are good to start with, I'm afraid
they will not last!!!
    Good product for the price.  The battery life is good. The battery life in
the charging unit is excellent. I have gone 2 weeks without charging it, so when
the buds go dead I just pop them in and I'm ready to go in about 30 minutes.  I
purchased this in 2019 and in the last month my calls were dropping which was
inconvenient but no problems with listening to music.  I suggest getting the
insurance because I made a claim they reimbursed the money I paid I didn't have
to return the damaged ones.  I ended up getting another pair.
    I was looking for Bluetooth headphones while working and listening to music
on my Macbook - something lightweight and fairly invisible (unlike white
AirPods) and these had some very solid reviews. It took a minute to two to get
both of them connected to my laptop but it's been super easy ever since the
initial pairing. I'm pretty impressed with the sound quality, isolation is quite
good and the build quality is rock solid, especially given the price. The earbud
tips are shaped differently than most but I had no problem switching them for
one of the smaller included pairs and got a really nice seal. I'm notorious for
always adjusting headphones and I've noticed that I don't fuss with these as
much. The fact that the case doubles as a battery pack is a nice touch too.
    I was truly surprised by the sound and quality of this earbuds. I honestly
didn't expect much from these until I opened the box in which it was packaged
nicely in.  Easy to store, it also has led lights on the front to indicate
charging. Operation is simple. I was surprised with the amount of bass coming
from these I did not expect that at all! I did test these out on the treadmill
also and they did fine for a 50-minute run, they held in place and sweat is
definitely not an issue.Overall, I am very pleased with the product.
    My son bought these for my birthday because I can’t charge the battery while
using earbuds on the iPhone. They are fantastic! I’m petite so some earbuds
don’t fit comfortably on my ears. These look big but they’re very comfortable
and fit snugly. Sound quality is great and the recharging case is very nice. The
earbuds fit in by magnet. I like that I can pause a movie by tapping the earbud!
Nice feature.Seems to be a high quality product and I’m very happy with it.
    I absolutely love my Pasonomi wireless earbuds!As a person who listens to
hours and hours of all types of music, the concept of wireless earbuds seemed
amazing to me, and I wanted to get a pair of AirPods so badly. However, when I
looked at the price of them, they were much too expensive for me, and I lost all
hope believing that they were the only wireless earbuds on the market. Later,
after some research on Amazon, I came to realize that there were countless
wireless earbuds everywhere, most of which were blatant copies of AirPods from
sketchy companies (these ripoffs are usually scams and don’t work well or at
all). Pasonomi earbuds are different. They leave behind the design of AirPods
and adopt a new shape that I can say with confidence is MUCH better. With their
ergonomic design, they fit perfectly in my ears and have passive noise
cancelling capabilities that leave even some over-ear headphones in the dust.
The sound quality is amazing, and some of my friends who own AirPods say that it
is better. They are comfortable, and their case is larger meaning that the
case’s battery is much larger. Also, I have never gotten to the point at which
they are on low battery, so their individual batteries are amazing as well.
Everyone, purchase these, they are absolutely stunning and better than AirPods.
    First off, this is a real review, completely unsolicited.I am traveling more
for work and I was looking for some wireless earbuds to save space in my bag
since my wireless ANC headphones take up too much space.  The thing that really
drew me to these was the larger battery that I could use for charging my phone.
But I noticed the sound was better than I expected out of these.  Are they
suitable for audiophiles.... probably not.  But they are more than sufficient
for watching a movie on the plane are just jamming to some tunes while working.
And the bass is not near as bad as some of these reviews make it out to be.  I
wish they were a bit more comfortable in my ear.  Thus the 4 stars.  Not a deal
breaker though.  I probably just need a smaller bud cover.  The touch controls
are pretty responsive and fairly intuitive.  I've only had them for a day and
have had them in now for about 2 hours with no battery issues yet.  I'll update
if my opinion changes.
    I've only received this a couple of days ago, so I can't comment on
durability. They pair well with my other devises and connect quickly. Sound
quality is very good for moderately priced earbuds. The case is a bit larger and
heavier than some others, but only slightly so; and the battery inside is
claimed to allow numerous recharges of the earbuds, to the extent that it can be
used like a power bank to recharge other devices. Finally, they are comfortable,
and feel secure. So far I am completely pleased.
    I was considering various wireless bluetooth earbuds including the more
expensive ones, but took a chance on this one. Looked at all the features
available in this set and it seemed a very good value.Had to buy this as a
replacement for a  earphones that I was using taking calls. I got constant
complaints from my co-workers about the voice being muffled and inaudible. Seems
that complaint has been resolved since using these earbuds.The appearance of the
earbuds is very good and the charging unit also is of high quality.Pairing was
very easy and I was able to quickly start using these earbuds with my Samsung
S9.My first impressions of the product are pretty good. The sound quality for
listening to music as well as for calls is very good.The control pad took some
time getting used to, but once you get used to it, it becomes very convenient.As
has been advised in some other reviews, remember to remove the green protective
plastic strips, so that the earbuds can charge.Happy with the purchase so far...
    In less than 2 months the left earbud stopped working. No way to contact
seller to resolve. Buy at your own risk. UPDATE:  Changing the star rating.
After contacting the seller, they advised that I clean the earbud by removing
the tip and wiping down the white filter.  That resolved the problem and now the
volume is the same as the right ear bud.  Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is
because the battery life isn't really good, 2-3 hours at best.
    I spent *maybe* $20 on my first pair of bluetooth headphones over 4 years
ago from Groupon and after they finally started to lose connection to one ear I
decided to spring for a more expensive pair. I was happy with the sound quality
of my old pair but was expecting a lot more out of this pair especially after
reading all the reviews. After listening to many different types of music there
is a consistent tinny static-y sound during certain parts of the music. It also
seems like it's more in the left side than the right. I have used these twice,
both for less than half of my workout because the sound was so distracting.
Also, the controls seem cool but I was adjusting them a lot and accidentally
paused them each time so it ended up being more of a hassle than useful. Will be
sending back ASAP.
    I am pleasantly surprised at the performance of this product. I was nervous
because of the negative reviews. I received this product on March 4 and started
actively using it on March 6 on a very regular basis. I like that you can still
hear what's going on around you while listening through the earbuds. The sound
quality is great for talking and listening to talk videos.I was able to get 3
hours use out of each earbud just as stated.  At first the earbuds didn't fit
well in my ears, but a simple change in size of the provided ear caps solved the
problem. However, that is why I rated them a 4 rather than a 5. I have small
ears and so the fit is not ideal, but they do stay in my ear.  I believe this
problem prevents me from experiencing the full sound quality. The instructions
provided were easy to follow. No issues pairing the earbuds to each other or my
device.In conclusion, the charging box arrived fully charged and basically
making the earbuds ready to use. With that being said, today is March 14 and
this will be the day I charge the box for the first time. I used these earbuds
to stream YouTube videos, talk on my phone and listen to music literally all day
long. This required recharging each earbud at least 1 to 3 times per day, (once
each at work and once or twice each at home). I hope this continues to give me
pleasure and ease of use for a long time to come.
    I used the Pasonomi Bluetooth Earbuds while running for a totally hands and
cord free experience. I was able to easily pair with my Samsung Smartwatch. The
first week they were great. I was really impressed with the sound quality and
ease of use, and they fit well in my ears. Then I noticed over the next couple
weeks the sound quality was fading. I was having to adjust the volume higher and
higher. After the 2nd week the right earbud had hardly any sound volume. I
inspected the ear buds thinking maybe a little earwax could be the issue;
however, there wasn't any wax build up at all. I was trying to change the ear
fitting for a snugger fit to see is this may help with the right earbud, and the
little screen that fits over the end of the earbud feel out. Now the right
earbud beeps in my ear and will not play music. So, I will contact the company
and see what we can do about this...if I can get the screen replaced I think the
earbuds will be great!
    Initially this was a great purchase... just take them out of the charge case
and they pair automatically. However, after about one week, the left earpiece
would not pair leaving me eith only the right ear piece. I have completely
unpaired them and started over but the issue remains.I will contact seller and
update the review as they respond....UPDATE: I contacted seller with issues I
was having. After some back and forth, the seller sent me a brand new pair and
so far I've had no problems with them. 4 stars only because their customer
service is slow to respond and the hassle.
    I work in a pretty loud shop where hammering, impacts and grinders are
everyday. Earplugs can get lonely without music coming out so I bought a pair of
these ear buds to help out with this problem of mine and was not satisfied. The
first day they came in I tried them at the house and they were fine. Sounded
great and functioned like it should. Then at work, they worked just as good but
for only about an hour, the volume went out on them so sent back the set and
gave it one one more chance. Then that pair went out after 3 days. The second
pair had a few more issues so I just decided to just get my money back.
    I absolutely love these headphones! I have an iPhone and they pair great
with them. I used them while I'm working out, at work, and riding in cars for
long road trips. They fit comfortably in my ear. They can also be discreet if
needed. They hold a charge pretty well. I don't charge them for weeks at a time.
I like how the compact can double as a charger for my phone as well. I will
purchase them again if needed.
    These wireless ear buds are great! I've had them for about 2 months, and for
the most part, they've been issue-free. More recently, I've had occasional
issues with the right ear bud not automatically turning on and syncing when I
remove it from the charging case, but by putting it back in the case and taking
it back out, it seems to reset and work.The battery life is exactly as described
- I use these all the time, and have only had to charge the case once since
purchasing this product.The sound quality is okay. I listen to audiobooks, and
for that, the sound quality is just fine, but were I listening to music, I feel
like the quality would be too flat/diluted to be enjoyable.The ear buds aren't
noise cancelling, but that's perfect for me, as it allows me to easily pause my
books and talk with my family without removing them.As an added bonus, I use
these while on conference calls at home and they work excellently! The
microphone is fantastic, and I have no issues with others on the phone hearing
me clearly. I've even walked my dogs near a park while using these ear buds for
a call and the individual on the other end could hear me clearly.If you're not
sure about these, I'd highly encourage you to give them a try, especially at
such a low price point.
    These earbuds are really convenient. They connect to my phone or computer
and each other automatically once you take them out of the case. The case is
smaller than a bar of soap so it’s super easy to put in my backpack or purse -
it’s also nice that it acts as a portable charger. You could probably find ear
buds with better sound quality but for what this product costs, the sound
quality is pretty decent. Couple of negative things: the right earbud doesn’t
work unless the left earbud is out of the case, however, the left earbud works
while the right is in the case. Also, I’ve had this product for 4 days and I’ve
already had three people think that I am wearing hearing aids - it’s fine but I
don’t enjoy having to explain to people that they are earbuds.
    I had to return the first set, and customer service was great here!  I
improved my ratings based upon the second set. They were easy to connect to my
phone.  On sound quality, the mid-ranges are quite crisp.  I'd like to hear more
low range, but good for work, and stays put on a workouts and yard work.  I did
changed out the silicon ear pieces, which improved sound and comfort.  The
charging case is nice, and allows for multiple workouts before needing a
recharge.  Overall these  are good mid-priced ear-buds.
    My husband got a pair of wireless head phones for Christmas. I have been
wanting a pair since then. These were extremely easy to set up and use. The
sound quality is great. The charging box is small and a convenient way to keep
the earbuds safe while  charging. The only downside is that they are not super
comfortable. It does come with six sizing options so maybe I just need to play
around more with the different options to find the right fit. I really like that
you can pause/play whatever you are listening to from the ear buds themselves. I
also love that they are waterproof. Overall, I think these are a great buy.
    If you're buying these ear buds to listen to a podcast then you'll be 100%
happy.  However, if you listen to music and like a nice and full sound then
these fall way short of marginal.  The sound is tinny and lacks any real depth.
I'm not an audiophile and I will never notice the nuances of a great headphone.
However, I will notice when something sounds bad.  These sound bad.  Pass on
these and do what I'm going to do from now on....Watch a youtube review before
making a purchase on something like these.
    I've had these for 6 weeks (of course the return window is 30 days) and
already they are not working properly.  I've probably used them 4 times over
that period of time.  Now they will not charge (left one) nor will they hold a
charge for longer than 20 minutes (right one).  They also do not disconnect from
my phone so I have to go into setttings and "forget this device" after each time
they are used and then re-pare them when I'm ready to use them again.  Total
pain in the a**.  Should of known something was up when the instructions
actually go over this problem and the grammer in the instructions is all
incorrect.  Piece of garbage.  We'll see how their "customer service" is and
will update this review later.
    After one month since purchasing, they have proven to be well worth the
price. The audio quality is on par to other wired headphones. Not much base,
however i find that if I moisten the rubber ear piece, there is a strong seal
which helps amplify the sound and dampen external noise. I can’t speak of their
water resistance as I have not tried them under wet conditions. The audio during
a phone call seemed to be average or somewhat below as the recipient mentioned
there was mild difficulty hearing me. I don’t use it much for calls, however.
They stay in place with ease and I felt like I barely noticed them in my ears.
These earbuds are well worth the money and I’d purchase them again if I had the
choice.
    Overall I thought these were great headphones. I always have an extremely
hard time fitting any headphones in my ear and these actually fit and stayed in
through multiple movements. When using the volume up or down a lot of times the
Siri would kick in because that’s a hold for two seconds versus the 3 seconds to
change the volume. However, once you get used to the touches it’s easier. I
thought the quality of the sound was great as well. If it had a touch more base
I would give it 5 stars versus 4. I would definitely recommend this produce for
someone who is looking for wireless headphones that actually stay in your ear
and the fact that they charge in the case is very convenient!
    Aveces no se escucha o se corta la señal del auricular izq. sin ese problema
que es raro que pase,  recomendaria el producto! Pagas por lo que recibes.
(Nuevo comentario: después de un mes y medio de que me llegara el reemplazo se
volvieron a descomponer.. no recomiendo el producto)Nota. Me remplazaron los
audífonos porque dejo de funcionar el izq y en el segundo remplazo al parecer a
funcionado bien a excepción de esa distorsión que pasa ciertas veces
    I bought these ear pods because I lost my airpods. At first I didn’t expect
them to be super good, but later I was surprised by the crisp sound quality of
this pair of ear pods. The battery life isn’t bad. I used them for a week, 3-4
hours a day, and I have charged it twice or three times. The looking of this
product is a little cheap-feeling, I personally don’t like the idea that there
is a red LED blinking during charging. Probably a white LED would be better. But
all in all this is a good purchase and cost-efficient.
    It's not the best out there, but this one definitely outperforms for its
price! I did a lot of research on the earbuds in this cost range, and I'm glad I
chose these pair. The pairing functionality is near-instant, the battery life is
plenty respectable, and the sound quality is just fine. The only drawback is
probably its call-taking feature - just make sure you're out of the wind before
you try to have a conversation. Would recommend wholeheartedly.
    I tried these earphones and they worked really well. the magnetic charging
case is really convenient and easy portable. The earphone fits really well. It
wont come off easily. And they can work separately!
    It is super sensitive to touch. I thought that you could listen to each bed
separately but doesn't seem to work. It only allows the left one as single
earbud. Having difficulty getting right earbud to reconnect after attempting to
use it by itself. But no complaints about the sound quality.Addendum.Customer
service promptly responded offered to replace and was extremely friendly and
professional.  They then were able to help me and work through my issues with
the earbuds.  It is a great prosuct.Addendum 2: My right earbud puts out very
limited sound even at full volume. The left one is awesome. I set email telling
the company the issue. It took a few days for response. They were helpful. Still
have a difference in the volume output but at least I can make out what is being
said satisfactorily.
    This is my first wireless earbuds and so far I'm loving it as there is no
string that connects these. I've been wanting something like this for quite some
time. I love how this comes with a case that you can charge the earbuds in. The
case is also magnetic so it stays close with no problem. Besides the case, it
also come with a bag to put this in. But I use it to store the extra silicone
earcases and instructions. The one thing I did notice is the lack of base like I
read in some reviews but it doesn't bother me in this case. So far it fits great
in my ear and have no problems so far.
    I was a bit hesitant when I bought these headphones, regardless of all the
good reviews. My main concern is because I have piercings in my ears that make
harder styled wireless headphones, like AirPods, to never fit snuggly and always
fall out. These fit wonderful in my ears since they’re softer and conform around
my piercings.They have great sound and noise cancellation for when I go on
walks. I tested them out for an entire morning while doing chores  to see if
after time my ears would start to hurt. They did a bit after about five or six
hours, but it wasn't long before they stopped.I also loved that they synced
really well to my iPhone and the battery life is amazing. I haven’t had to
charge them once since purchasing them. There were some issues with the grammar
in the instructions, but nothing that was too bad. A proper grammar check might
help, but overall these are great headphones.
    I'm stunned at how easy these are to set up and use. Very user friendly. I
was cautious at first about picking up a set like these because I wasn't sure
how they would work. I'm really glad that I did get them after all couldn't be
happier. And, the sound...well the sound is really impressive. I have several
sets of headphones that I use for my music, and these put out a very respectable
sound. I have not used these for phone calls yet. Overall, I am greatly
impressed with these buds.
    I got these earbuds mainly for running and they took some getting used to. I
didn't particularly enjoy the sound quality or fit at first but they're more
comfortable now that I've been wearing them for a bit. I thought the touch
feature would be cool, but it ended up being more of a nuisance than benefit
because it's too easy to accidentally brush your finger on the surface while
adjusting them. The range and battery life are good. I also can barely hear
anything anyone says when I have them in so they're great for noise
cancellation. I was worried that they would fall out of my ears while running
but they hold in just fine.
    I bought these earbuds with so so expectations.  I have a hard time keeping
ear buds in my ears and without a wire, I was worried they would slip out while
working out.  I have worn these about 4 times to the gym.  The touch commands on
the buds are confusing and hard to understand but once you get the hang of them,
they are fine.  They come with multiple size ear cushions.  They originally
slipped out of my ears a bit once i worked up a good seat, but once i went up a
size in the cushion, they stopped slipping.  I have used the elliptical, run on
the treadmill and done floor exercises and they have been great!
    I didn't know what to expect since these were so cheap. But they actually
work very well. I wanted to be critical of these because of the price but this
is my go to headset for workouts.The sound quality is good and it pairs very
quickly. The charging case works real well. I'd definitely recommend for the
price. You won't find better value.My complaints, I don't think it's true
Bluetooth 5.0. The pair does pair further away than a pair of Bluetooth 4.2
headphones I have but I'm told Bluetooth 5.0 is supposed to have 4 times the
range which I don't think this headset is capable of based on my experience. I'd
say double.The only other complaint is I notice on some sites (e.g. CNN.com)
there's a little lag in the video playback and audio picked up by the headset.
However, on my Plex Media Server where I have movies and TV shows, the audio
syncs just fine.I'd recommend to buy if you're not looking to break the bank.
It's definitely a good product for the price.
    This is a pair of ear buds that is operated via touch controls instead of
buttons. If that sounds terrible it's because it is. On a good day they are a
challenge to us and if you plan to use them while working stay away.The
controls: You tap an ear bud once to pause the music, double tap to skip forward
or backwards. Pausing usually works on the first try after a long pause.
Skipping usually takes two tries. These are the inputs that work well. The user
experience falls apart when trying to raise or lower the volume. To do this, you
press the left or right ear bud for several (excruciating) seconds. After one
eternity a tone will sound. But if you let go now nothing will happen. You have
to keep holding for several more seconds. Eventually the volume will start
raising/lowering in steps. It's up to you to detect when the volume has
decreased one or more notches and release the bud with careful timing. If you
overshoot then prepare to repeat the process on the opposite side. This is a
miserable experience but isnt exactly a show-stopper. That comes when any part
of you gets wet.My experience: For the past couple weeks since i purchased these
ear buds I've struggled to use them, but today was what made me throw them out.
I was going for a run. It's a humid day so I got pretty sweaty. At one point i
decided to repeat a song that just played. I input the gesture several times and
nothing happened. Eventually (after i had stopped touching the device) i heard
the volume tone. The device then proceeded to decrease the volume until it
shrunk out of existence. After a bit of struggling i managed to raise it again.
I undershot the volume i wanted and then it flat out stopped responding to
inputs, so i just sort of gave up and listened to music quietely as i ran. Then
without any prompt at all the ear buds raised to max volume. I immediately threw
them in the trash.I've had other gripes with these ear buds (they fall out, lose
connection with my phone constantly, can't be turned off without the dock) but
no issues are as critical as the controls. If don't plan to use these for
exercise and never plan to adjust the volume then they might work ok. But if you
plan to use these for running i recommend the Phaiser BHS-530 instead. In my
experience they stop working after maybe 6 months of near daily use... But
that's still better than all other products I've tried and they work really well
until then. Best of all they have buttons!
    These ear buds have proved to be much better than expected. The sound
quality is more then I need and battery life supports my needs very well and  I
have been using them daily for about 6 months. I place one in my ear prior to my
daily shower and have one in there continuously until late in the evening. I am
listening to music and talk radio all day with the occasional phone conservation
thrown in. I find it very convenient to take one earbud out and place the
opposite one in throughout the day. Occasionally I do use both simultaneously
when listening to music and am very delighted with the exceptional quality of
sound  I did have a minor issue and Pasonomi acted very swiftly and professional
in resolving the issue.I highly recommend these to anyone looking for mid-priced
quality Bluetooth ear buds.
    I got these for my boyfriend and he instantly fell in love with them! The
charging case is so convenient and the earbuds fit PERFECTLY.We were pleasantly
surprised to learn that by tapping the earbuds, you can use all the functions
without having to touch your phone! Next track, previous track, volume,
answer/decline calls and pause music.I will be purchasing a pair for myself
soon. These are perfect for just about anyone! :)
    I have purchased numerous earphones for gym use. This is by far the best in
all aspects.Comfort level - unlike other ear pod design which falls our very
easily.  This one definitely stays in ears and it’s extremely comfortable for
long hour use.Sound - quality is comparable to Boss with noise canceling
effect.Battery life - charged the base once so far. Been using it for 3 weeks
already. It is still going. As for the ear pod itself, used up to 3 hours. Never
ran out of battery.Design - love the roundness that fits in ear perfectly. The
carry / power case it’s very well designed.
    Love these earbuds.  I have used them for 4-5 hours 5 days a week for the
last 3 weeks, and finally reduced the battery level one the case by one unit.
Sound quality is great; no problems with phone calls.The only two dislikes I can
think of are they do become slightly uncomfortable after several hours, and it's
impossible to hear anything while eating.  However, those are minor annoyances
when compared to the great quality and ridiculously good price of these earbuds.
    We are a an iPhone and Android home. The earbuds worked great with both...My
hubby (the Android user)  ended up swiping them from me. Happy to buy a second
pair!I will start with the cons as that list is MUCH shorter:1. Not great for
talking hands free2. Had a couple issues with quality of connectivity and I
could not determine if it was the earbuds, my phone or internet connection. I
experienced "delays" or cutting out with music. UPDATE: found out it was the
internet I was connected to that was delaying my music experience3. Please work
on better translation of instructions to EnglishPROS:1. The CASE- quality made
hard case that ALSO doubles as a charger for earbuds AND phone!2. Earbuds fit
great in my ears and very comfortable3. Sound Quality is AMAZING- Crisp, clear
and you can actually hear the bass4. Charging- stayed charged for whole work day
and was great outside doing yard work.
    I got these about a month ago and charged them up. I use them every couple
of days for about two hours each time then pop them back in their case to
recharge. I haven't had to charge the case again yet! I think the sound quality
is good. They also stay in my ears really well. I've had trouble with other
earbuds not staying put but these stay pretty well. I walk briskly on the
treadmill and ride a stationary bike and am able to watch Netflix while doing
it. The sound is clear and they stay in. I would definitely recommend.
    Tried to find a decent pair of cheaper ear plugs. The battery concept on
these is their greatest feature. But the usability isn't worth it. I'm always
having trouble when switching between devices and when I try to do that only one
of the two earbuds will switch, and the other will connect but never play sound.
Then I get to play the tap tap game for 15 minutes trying to reset the earphones
and pray they link up to each other. These earplugs are good in theory, but
unless they're only going to be used for one device with 'alright' sound
quality, I wouldn't consider getting them again.
    I got to say I'm extremely impressed with these headphones! however you have
to change the rubber inserts to get the best sound quality and noise
cancellation and that means that you might not necessarily use the ones it
brought, you might have to use other rubber inserts from other headsets like
Sony or Samsung or whatnot as long as they fit. They do exactly what they say
they are meant to do! I use for working out and the only time they might get a
little sensitive for motion is when I do sit ups, heck I've even showered with
them and they work just fine however the water will mess with the settings like
volume or pause the music to be expected I guess.  The battery case charge it
one time and it last you about a week depends on use. It is fair to say that it
was a good buy because it has been more than 6 months and they still work great!
    Takes some time for your ears to get used to it, but is pretty decent noise
cancellation (but I only use one earbud because of policy at work) and the sound
quality is decent! It's not heavy on the bass, but that's perfect for me.
Doesn't fall out easily and doesn't hurt my ears.I will say the battery life was
advertised as ~4 hours per full charge, but I personally have seen it last
2.75-3.25 hours on my average use with constant music playing. I imagine it
lasts longer if you're only listening to podcasts or have some intermittent
breaks, so I guess it makes sense.The battery pack that it comes with lasts a
REALLY long time and I think it charges the headphones fast, so very good!
Haven't used it for charging phone yet, but that's a neat feature.Overall, great
product for the price. Happy with my first wireless headphone purchase! :)
    I couldn't give these a full 5 stars only because there is almost no bass to
these. That being said, these are great little headphones for my purposes. I
plan to use them for long flights to listen to audio books. So bass is not an
issue. The one selling point that made me purchase these was the ability to use
one side while the other is charging. Perfect for listening on a plane for a 15
hour flight!
    The all-in-the-ear option for wireless headphones is something that usually
concerns me as comfort is usually sacrificed.  That isn't the case with this
set.  Providing easy to install ear comfort pads that can easily be swapped out
for different wearers, you hardly know you have these earbuds in.  The sound
quality is spot on.  Love that you know these are paired with the simple command
check.  The charging unit is compact and easy to use.  I do wish there was a
longer charging cable.  Overall, great price, great material construction, great
concept.
    Quality:They feel solid even though it is plastic. They're kind of light but
it's nice in the ear. Like nothing's weighing you down.Fit:The fit is just ok.
It hasn't fallen out of my ears when I shake my head but there's something
lacking in the fit that makes me feel confident that these will stay in. Maybe
because they feel light in the ear. I use the middle size silicon ear tips.Sound
Quality:Mids are good. I can hear vocals very clearly. The bass is there but
they're not as bass heavy as I feel like people are saying. They don't rumble.
Highs are pretty good nothing to rave about. Volume inNoise Cancelation:They do
a good job when music is playing. But if yoBattery Case:The battery case is kind
of large. Nothing you'd be putting in your pant's pockets but definitely
something you'd put in your backpack.Overall:These are a cheap option for true
wireless ear buds for the gym. When I work out sound quality is not always on my
mind so the fact that these are decent is a plus. No wires are great. I wouldn't
carry these all day unless I knew i would be carry my backpack too.
    For the set that I bought, if you keep your phone in your pocket and look
straight ahead...these ear buds work great...my set tho will lose connection for
a second if you turn your head to the left, not so much to the right but
primarily only when you turn to the left. Not sure if the set feels like it’s
losing connection and then re-establishes.  It has all the different ear pieces
but some of them look very similar so don’t mix them up. I ride my bike with
them on and kept my phone in my back back and i had to switch it back to my
pocket cuz I kept losing connection.They definitely keep the sound out when you
are listening to them but I’ve Received complaints when I’m using them as a
microphone when I’m talking to someone outside where the outside noise seems to
muffle or sound out your voice.Overall this product is ok but I wouldn’t
purchase again...I would want something that doesn’t lose connection when you
are being active.
    So I bought several earbuds for the family. And I chose this one for myself
since it's white. There weren't many white earbuds out there. Anyways, I know
these wireless ones don't work well all the time. But this one is working great
so far. I always update my review if I hate them for any reason so I will but
for now, sound is great and the connection was very easy.
    Impressed with these earbuds. I have been hesitant to try a pair because I
was worried they would fall out of my ear and then be hard to find, but these
stay put and it it hasn't been a problem.  Sound quality is good.  When talking
on my cell phone, other people can hear me fine.  Paired easily with my cell
phone.  The only trouble I have is using the earbud itself to change the volume,
it has been easier for me to just use the cell phone for that purpose, but it
rarely needs adjusted so not a big deal.
    Sound Quality and Noise Cancellation is excellent. For battery life, I use
them for at least an hour every day and as long as you store them in their case
and remember to charge it at least once a month you are golden. Their range
between them and the Bluetooth device is also quite good.Only issue i note
stopping 5 stars is that if i very quickly either move my phone away or towards
the earbuds or quickly shake my head side to side they disconnect for a second
before reconnecting.Fantastic first purchase for those interested in wireless
headphones.
    These did work for me right out of the box, but that was the last time.
After that they simply would not pair with each other, nor with my phone, save
for -- occasionally -- one at a time. The one time they did work for me, the
sound quality was very sub-par -- virtually nonexistent bass reproduction. I
purchased a pair of the Tranya brand, which for about the same price are much
nicer. They actually pair consistently and have a very nice sound quality. It's
odd in that they seem like virtually the same product, but one is definitely
superior to the other.
    Im very pleased with this, I had always use Iphones but didn’t wanted to
invest on airpods because i wanted to be able to use this ear pods with other
devices.  They are great. I had used them with my phone, TV, tablet and they all
pair without any trouble. I use this everyday at work. Usually one at a time so
I can hear whats happening in the office. Battery last about 4 hours. So I
switch to the other and Im always have one charged and ready to use.  Sound
quality is excellent, they stay on my ear while i walk around, bent or even
showered with on on LOL.  I love that the case works as a power bank to charge
your phone. It had save me a few times when my phone is about to die.  It’s
definitely worth the money!
    First off it's obvious that they engineered this package. Everything makes
sense, fits well, and is quite functional. I like that the stem from the main
body of the earbud is longer than with my last pair (different manufacturer)
which gives me a much better fit. I have large ear canals, and the fit gives me
much better bass response without having to monkey around with them. My only
issue has been linking. Every so often my phone doesn't see the earbuds when I
take them out of the case, easily remedied by turning off BT, putting the
earbuds back and then when you take them out again and turn BT back on all is
well. Look, the things have to link to each other and then to the phone. I think
this kind of issue is to be blamed as much on Bluetooth 5.0 as the manufacturer.
They never have failed to work after this "reboot". I heartily recommend, these
are an excellent value.
    These are the best earbuds I have ever bought! I've had airpods I've had a
few others that ive spent some money on but these plus the price was great as
well and so well worth it! It honestly takes out any noise in the background so
be careful if not paying attention because you cant hear anything outside of
your music! The sound quality is amazing and crisp and loud! Love it love it!!
Best earphones I have ever bought I promise you will not be disappointed!!
    To be fair, I'll start with the good--The charge indicator lights in the
case are very nice.-They pair really easy.-The fit and comfort were fine.Now,
the bad--The sound quality was awful.  No other way to say it. Think of the
cheapest headphones you've ever listened to, and these are them.-While I like
that you can adjust the volume from the buds, more times than not I would
activate SIRI while trying to change the volume. Very annoying. Perhaps there is
a way to disable this from happening, it didn't matter because the sound was so
poor.I almost feel, because of so many positive reviews, that these were somehow
defective. Not wanting to risk having to return a second set, I just returned
them for a refund.
    Working well so far. Seems like a good build quality. Only complaint is that
I sometimes have to unpair/pair on my Note 9. Quality sound and contrary to what
I read in earlier reviews, I get stereo audio with phone calls. Not sure if
there was a change to the firmware. Not quite noise reduction but pretty close.
I've paired to multiple devices and they seem to work well. All setup done with
out RTFM. My only fear is losing them since I've dropped them a few times not
being careful with them.
    Purchased this item for my son. He has been using them for 6 months now with
no issues which is great! The sound quality is amazing while listening to music
but isn't very good for phone calls.  Just recently the charging dock for the
earbuds quit working. We've tried everything to try to get them to work and
nothing. This product comes with a 12 month warranty so I looked for a number or
web page to contact them and have found nothing. The info on the item tells you
to click onto a link which then takes you to another page telling you to visit
their page. Again, after doing all that I still come up empty handed with any
kind of information to contact the manufacturer for the warranty. If anyone has
dealt with this company please send me any info to contact them. Thanks.
    I received these and was excited to check them out!  I am always misplacing
my earbuds and wanted a pair to leave at work.  These will work out perfectly.
They come in a great carrying case/charger.  They block out all the sounds I
need them to at work.  Very easy to connect to my Iphone and ipad.  They were
exactly as described on the listing.  I've tried multiple different types of
Bluetooth headphones in the past few years.  Love this style.  Would definitely
recommend.
    We bought these for my stepson who broke his last pair of headphones and
wanted to switch to earbuds. We did not want to spend a ton of money so decided
on these. He has been using these now for a couple of weeks and loves them. He
uses them all the time, with school work and also just to listen to music. Our
house can be a little crazy and noisy, he says that these completely cut out the
noise and have a great sound. Also the is 13 and had no issues setting these up
and getting them connected. Great buy for the price!
    much better than the iphone wireless headset. perfect equalizer ..
everything in headphone is wonderful .. loud and beautiful sound with perfect
beats. Super clean sound. Perfect noise cancellation.. product with good super
resistant material. and water prof. You don't need to be near the cellphone
bluetooth signal the alcanse is very big.. the battery charges completely super
fast. The battery lasts long enough to listen all day and night until half the
next day. I compared the sound with a friend's iphone device and was impressed
with the quality that surpasses the iphone brand much better than others with
big brands in the market I would buy 10 times again recommend to all my friends.
The price is super fair. I would pay even more for this wonderful headset. buy
without fear this was the best purchase I made on amazon
    Mi esposo los usa en su trabajo, son en general buenos pero a veces hacen un
ruido cuando entra una llamada, y hay q ponerlos en la caja para poderlos usar,
la bateria en general es super buena, dura muchisimo y la de la caja tambien
dura varios dias sin conectarla.
    I looked into these ear buds at the recommendation of a friend and they did
not disappoint. The packaging is sharp looking with a nice, compact charging
case and carrying bag (it took a few hours to recharge the ear buds).  The ear
buds are comfortable to wear and quite intuitive and easy to use. An audio
message will play when connecting, low battery, etc. They were very easy to
connect and get started! The sound while listening to music is good quality,
though the base could be better.  The range is fairly good. While I could walk
around the house without my phone, there was a little interference when I
reached about 30 feet away with walls in between, but overall I was satisfied
with the range.  The microphone was poor in quality.  When making a phone call,
the person on the other end of the line can barely hear the ear bud user.
Overall, for the price this is a great product.  Although there are better
quality products on the market, you still get very good quality for an
affordable price.Pros:• Ability to adjust volume, pause, skip, answer a call,
and control Siri• Reasonable price• Good range• Comfortable (comes with several
rubber size adapters)• Quality sound• Sleek looking, with a nice charging case
and bag• IntuitiveCons:• Poor quality base• Poor quality microphone
    I recently lost a pair of wireless headphones so I went online to find a new
pair and looked at some of the reviews. I couldn’t remember the last ones I
bought so I was just browsing. I saw a decent amount of good reviews so I
purchased these. First off, it pairs very quickly. Secondly the fit is quite
nice and I like how there are different sizes of earbuds to fit your ears. The
sound quality is nice but there isn’t much bass unfortunately. But for working
out these are perfect because they’re snug and lightweight and sound decent
enough. The downfall in comparison to the last wireless headphones I had is that
there is no control on the earbud itself. My last pair you could click a button
on the outer part of the device while you were wearing it to pause and skip (if
someone spoke to you for example, and you wanted to hear them.). This pair I’m
guessing you can only control with your phone. However, that being said, this
pair has a power bank for you to charge not only your headphones, but your phone
as well so I thought that was pretty cool. Overall decent headphones if you’re
looking to be frugal and not spend over $100.
    When I drive, I take the call with the cell phone, policeman give me the
ticket freely. But using Bluetooth, I talk with freely in driving.When I am in
IT open office, I am worried my boss’s misunderstanding when I listen the
music., now I use Bluetooth, I can listen the music without cord
inconveniently.Now Pasonomi of Bluetooth take me new feeling, high qualty, good
appearnce, water protection, easily handle with automatically appearing on your
smartphone, incredible sound quality.I recommend it to you  seriously!!!
    These are ok. Battery life is excellent. Noise cancellation was decent, but
they picked up a lot of surrounding noise for the person on the other end. I
wish the volume would have gone higher on them. It was sometimes hard to hear
even with my phone volume all the way up. They're a little bulky in the ear, but
they did still in the ear for the most part. I found them to get a little
uncomfortable after extra time on the phone, so you may want to consider
something else if you're on the phone a lot for work. The signal also would cut
out randomly and disconnect or just play this scrambled signal. I went another
product, and I am stuck with these because it was past the return date.
    I purchased a set of these about a year ago for my husband, he wears them at
work and said they were good for that. I got a set for myself recently and I
mostly like to use them when I mow the lawn on a riding mower, and I can easily
hear the music still. They fit just fine, have never fallen out and they are
easy to link to my phone and recharge. I wish the battery life was a little
longer as I sometimes have to recharge them before I'm done with my yard work. I
also have to drive my vehicle with windows open due to no air conditioner at the
moment which is very noisy, so I use them in the car so that I can hear the
podcasts I enjoy as I drive. Overall, they are very good quality for the money
and I highly recommend them. I am ordering another set for my son, wish they had
different colors so we don't get ours mixed up though
    I've recently ordered and got these earbuds since my old blue tooth ones
died. I wanted a pair that was true wireless and with little hassle. To be
honest, there are a lot of earbuds like these and I just chose the one that fit
my price range. When I got these, I was very disappointed with how the sound was
when playing music. It had little to no bass and was extremely flat.However, I
realized that the actual earbuds were perfectly fine and were playing quality
music. The problem lies with the silicon tips. They're way too small so a lot of
the noise will leak out when playing music or listening to anything. Even the
largest silicon tip they give you is not big enough. My recommendation to make
these earbuds sound good or better is to get a different pair of silicon tips
that are larger and pretty much fill your ear. Don't worry if they're a little
big and the earbuds don't charge when the lid is open. The closed lid will kind
of give it a little push down so the earbuds charge properly.Personally I used
some spare tips from my Skull Candy Method earbuds but you can use whatever tips
that fit your preference. The feature ratings are for the base kit the earbuds
provide but after changing tips, it felt like I actually paid for something good
and not some cheap earbuds.
    Battery life really is just 2 hours and it takes super long to recharge,
around the same time that it takes to turn off ~2hrs. My earphones glitched on
me showing lots of static and in the beginning they would not turn on. After a
while they did begin to turn on but then a few months (like 3) later, the time
they took for the battery of earphones to drain was less than 2 hours. Even now
as i use them, I have them fully charged but they only work for an hour before
the earphone operator asks me to charge the earphones again. I take fault in not
sending them back on time since i did not know if the warranty would cover these
issues or if they would blame me. Yes it took almost a year to review these
earphones but i feel its the best way to answer honestly.
    I have owned a lot of headphones but i have to say these are the cheapest
and best in my opinion. As soon as i got them and paired them to my device i
loved them. The battery lasts a long time, the audio is loud and clear, tap to
play and pause I love everything about these headphones I highly recommend them
to anyone and i will continue to use them till i inevitably break them somehow
because I'm clumsy but none the less great headphones.
    This instructions are simple, and worked well for pairing.  Once complete
the pulled up one of my favorite songs to test, and was blown away by the sound
quality, rich, deep, clear.  The ability to charge in the case, with out wall
power is nice as well.  I tried charging my S7 with the case, and was a little
disappointed it only added about 30%, but if you just need a LITTLE more power,
this will do it for you.  I'd also be careful in some environments wearing them,
as you have no audio situational awareness, I wish they also had a noise
cancelling feature to hear whats going on around you..
    I am enjoying the headphones very much. They can sometimes be spotty in
connectivity while running or doing any fast physical activity.The case holds a
good charge though, and I like how they connect automatically to my phone. I
would not recommend them for running, as they become slippery when wet and can
fall out of the ear. The connection to your phone also seems to phase in and out
when moving quickly.They are very high quality for the price. Charge lasts a
long time, and with the case, you can go for a long time without recharging. I
have been using mine on and off at work for about a week and have not had to
recharge the case yet.
    I like the product and the consistency of the material. I originally ordered
the black pair but got the white pair in the mail and I wasn’t sure if it was
worth it to submit as return since I wanted to use them already. I decided to
wait a few months before posting my review. They work pretty great for the first
4 months. UNFORTUNATLY I’m sad that my earphones are starting to break apart and
it hurts my ears. I take good care of them but the right earphones plastic glue
seems to have come off and it rubs my ear incorrectly. Other than this they age
great earphones sound is great and it fits more or less comfortable. I wish I
had the option to return or exchange them like at a store for some new ones or
ones that don’t hurt my ears. I will likely keep using them until i can’t
anymore.
    It worked really nicely at first, but then all of a sudden it stopped
charging properly. I got mine a 3 months ago and it worked great. Good sound
quality.Now, it starts blinking once (meaning that it is low battery) and I put
it to charge. I leave it there for a long time, but then I try it and it is
basically dead. If I leave it the whole night, it might get to two/three dots
but it still doesn’t hold a lot of change anyways. I think the charging
mechanism is broken. I can still charge my headphones overnight, but then  e
case doesn’t recharge fast enough during the day.I do not know if I received a
malfunctioning one, or if they all stop working after about 2 months.
    I'm no audiophile so I can't comment on SQ. It sounds sufficient to me, but
the buds fall short after trying them out for 2 weeks. They mainly come down to
connection range and fit. Connection range is very limited -- it started losing
connection being 2 walls away from the source. Fit is just bad -- none of the
silicon tips helps then I realized it was the buds design that hurts my ears.
Because of the poor fit, they never felt secure and were constantly on the verge
of falling out. On the positive side, the touch controls are intuitive and work
as advertised.
    I received these yesterday.  They were already charged.  I just followed the
simple directions and had them synced and connected to my phone quickly.  I am
not techy so I was relieved that it was easy.  I listened to music all evening!
They were left in the charger last night.  I have used them all day with no
battery problem.  Phone calls are easy to take!  Love that it has caller ID and
speaks the number!  They seem to have a long bluetooth range.  Sound is clear
with no distortions.  I don't have to worry about pulling out any wires and can
easily do about anything with them on.  They fit well and snug.  They have
several different size attachments to ensure fit.  This is my first wireless
pair and I am very pleased with them!  I haven't found anything I dislike about
them.  I would definitely recommend them!
    I purchased these recently not expecting too much for the price.They worked
beautifully, at some point one stopped working.  I tried to correct it to no
avail.  I contacted customer service via email.  They gave information they may
work to activate the left one.  It did not. I emailed customer service again,
they sent me new ones , no problem.Customer service was quick and thoughtful.  I
will purchase more for family and friends.  Holidays are rapidly approaching.
    I am a music producer who uses ATH M50x's as my main type of headphone. When
I received these wireless earbuds, I was shocked, at the quality these had
coming straight out of the box. They feel comfortable in my ears, and I'm able
to wear them all day long. The noise cancellation makes the listening experience
feel very personal, and I did not feel cheated for my money  at all. The sound
quality is great for the money that's why I gave it a 4 star, The noise
cancellation is very effective, which I also gave 4 stars. I The only drawback
was the battery life lasting for 3 hours each earplug. Using them separately
gives 6 hours of battery life, and there is a portable charger that allows for
18 charges that each take around an hour for each, or both headphones. In my
opinion, it's the best feature because it allows you to listen to music all day
for days straight, without having to plug anything into a wall.
    These are awesome, but battery life is shorter than expected. Have trouble
charging the right earpiece and have to constantly push them into the case to
continue recharging. They are awesome when fully charged! Sound quality at full
charge it wonderful, and noise canceling works very well, but not 100%, which is
fine at this price. Overall, good product for the price, just a headache to keep
charged.
    I both love and hate these headphones. I use them almost every day and have
waited to post my review. They are a game changer for me after using wired
headphones my whole life.Pros:-The battery life is very good and charging is
fast-I dropped the left one in a bucket of water in the first week and it still
works fine-Comfortable-Good fitCons:-The right ear bud is much quieter than the
left for some reason-The audio will cut out constantly if you move your head
around too much (it's incredibly annoying at the gym)-They sometimes have
difficulty connecting to my phone or randomly disconnectingConclusion:I would
have spent more on a nicer pair that doesn't constantly cut out, but they are ok
for the price.
    I was a little hesitant in making this purchase because i have tried various
different wireless bluetooth earbuds and many of them just did not live up to
their steller reviews. But i went ahead and bought them anyway and thought i
would try them out.So glad i did!! These were definitely worth the purchase and
i think they are an amazing price for what they are. They are awesome quality
and work better than i had imagined. I dont have a single complaint. If you are
on the fence about it, definitely make the purchase! Everyone needs at least one
good pair of earbuds!
    Bought these for my kids for Christmas and for a long .. 24 hour road trip.
I think they were lost before we made it to key west. Battery life is good, but
they could not keep them in! They kept falling out of their ears. They used
headbands to keep them in. Sound quality was good, but when they keep falling
out guess the sound quality is mute. The small charging case it pretty darn
sweet tho! Very nice touch!
    Sound quality is ok, but so is the one on my default earbuds that came with
my phone, that’s as good as you’ll get with earbuds so there’s that. The fit is
ok too, actually nice and firm but not uncomfortable, my REAL problem is with
the controls for doing anything beyond pause/play, it’s virtually impossible and
the most infuriating from it all is when you make a phone call and want to take
them off to use your phone for the call, 90% of the time you’ll end up hanging
up the call and if it so happens you called your bank and used your earbuds to
hold on line for 30mins just to hangup the second you’re turn comes up and eant
to talk to the other person.... well you get my point! I’ll keep these to use at
the office only while I work and charge my phone (since apple solved the jack
plug problem for all of us)
    I will keep this simple. I tried a couple of wireless earbuds that were more
expensive and they simply kept falling out. I have not had issues with these
falling out yet.Likes1. Comfort - The package includes different size rubber
cups.2. Sound quality is good. I can listen to a classical symphony to hip hop
music and I feel like the frequency range is nice.3. No buttons. The commands
are done by tapping the device. This adds to water protection.4. Great water
protection.Okay -I have never really been impressed with what others claim is
noise cancellation. If you have a nice seal with the rubber cups then the
outside sound is just a a low rumble.There are no dislikes so far. This is the
first set of ear buds that I have decided to keep. I listen to a lot of podcasts
and interviews so I am excited to add these to my headset collection.
    Very satisfied for the quality for the price.  There are a few weird nuances
that I that i can't figure out.  For instance the button on the side turns on
the lights to show you how much battery is left.  However, This light turns on
sporadically, on its own, and i can't get it off.  Seems to happen more the more
charged it is.  Doesn't seem to affect it in any way, (maybe drains battery
more).  As a power brick it doesn't do much as far as charging goes.  It will
charge my iphone 7 one time, and use all of the battery.  If you just use it for
the ear buds, it can charge those up like 15 times before another charge is
needed.
    I’m obsessed with these headphones. I use them almost everyday! The little
charger box is easy to open and charges pretty fast. I’d say they last about
three hours of continuous music and takes about 30 min to full charge (btw these
are estimates). I’ve gone through a couple of different Bluetooth headphones (
like nenrent) and these are my favorite!
    Purchased these with intentions of using while I run based on all the
reviews. First time I used it straight out of the packaging the right ear bud
had total diminished sound quality like it was stuck on the lowest setting, I
immediately messaged the company who gave me a run around and trouble shooting
steps back and forth emails until they finally sent me another pair. Great
right? The new pair has the exact same problem after 5 uses , to top it all off
inside the packaging of the new pair there was a card that said congratulations
winner! And instructions to email so I did out of curiosity when the replied
they said to receive a free pair write a 5 star review and screen shot the
message and send it back to this email to get a free pair. Well now I know why
there’s so many positive reviews because they were bought ! Save your money this
is garbage!!
    The earbuds are great, they worked fine and have good audio and noise-
canceling, while they laster.One thing it failed on, personally, it was a little
invasive and uncomfortable on the ear.Then, the right earbud died completely
after 4 months, and the left earbud start failing and I couldn't hear anymore,
even they seem to be turned on, I cannot hear anything, that was after 6
months.So that's my view, I wish they would work longer but that's my rating
based on my experience. I hope it was only my earbuds specifically and not all
deployments of this product.
    This is a simple to use product with great features! The earbuds are
comfortable and stay securely in your ears with lots of movement, like running
and jumping. The charging case is fantastic! Super convenient. The battery life
is better than I expected. My teenager keeps trying to take them, but I won’t
give them up! Maybe he needs his own for Christmas!
    This may be too early of a review as I have only had them for about 5 days
but I've used them every day and they are great. I wouldn't call the sound
quality or call quality of these high end, however they are not bad either.
Setting these up was as easy as possible and using them quickly whenever I need
to is super easy as well. Take them out of the case and stick them in your ears
and they connect automatically, you'll be listening to your music in less than
10 seconds. The touch controls work well also. I am pleasantly surprised with
how nice these are for the price I paid!  I will update this if I have any
trouble with these but so far I am very pleased/impressed with their quality.
    I recently researched and purchased a black pair of these wireless earbuds.
I received the order a couple months ago and unfortunately after about a dozen
uses, the right earbud has become significantly lower in sound volume than the
left, sometimes not working at all.I have taken care of this product and have no
issues pairing them etc. but this makes them useless to only listen to music in
one ear.Prior to this issue I was very satisfied with my purchase. They were an
affordable option for a wireless earbud, and they worked great for workouts at
the gym.I contacted the seller over a week ago and have not received a response.
The only reason I regret my purchase is that I received a defective pair and the
seller has not attempted to solve this.
    After combing over the reviews, I decided to roll the dice and see if these
guys were worth it. Guess what, they were! Heh. The sound quality is powerful;
incredibly noise canceling, even on phone calls. I have a friend who is critical
of sound quality during our calls. He actually complains about how much sound
the device picks up. While in the grocery store on the phone with him he
instructed me that a new lane had just opened up for the next in line "Sarah
line four just open up." I was clueless due to the noise canceling abilities. He
jokes that when I'm running someone will warn me of a loose loin and, boom, I'm
eaten. Occasionally there is a slip of the bud when suction is broken but that's
it. I can vigorously shake my head side to side and no slippage.  My only
complaint is the sensor touch, especially to end a phone call. One touch of
either bud phone call ends. So if I'm moving my hair, accidentally touch it or
adjusting, call ended.  Overall, great product. Plus, the magnetic case is cool
and compact.
    First impressions: The earbuds fit snugly in the ear. I am pleasantly
surprised by its noise isolation. Sound is okay. The base could have been
better. There is no delay between sound and video and that is great. The
charging case looks solid.Overall it was very easy to setup and a good listening
experience
    These are the first wireless earbuds that I've ever bought and I am loving
it.Here are some pros and cons I've noticed since using this
product.Cons:-shorter battery life than other mainstream earbuds, but then
again, I bought these for $45 so that was to be expected.-tapping on the
headphones to pause, rewind and skip through songs are neat, but it can be
inconvenient at times. For examples, 2 taps on the earbud may only register as
1, but that is nothing major.-When I clumsily drop my phone, there will be no
wires to save it.Thats all for the cons, so far.Pros:-I can now beat my meat
without the wires getting in my way. (Im serious)-Louder than expected but thats
no problem for me-Sound quality is decent. Definitely better than some
headphones out in the market in this price range.-Fits nicely in my ear due to
the wide variety of tips(?).-Just the convenience of having no wires getting in
the way is a bonus itself.And thats it folks.I also used a Samsung s9+ to pair
with these headphones.EDIT: After using these for 1 year, they're still working
just as great as when I bought them. I have not bought another pair since.
Though the battery life has shortened a bit due to frequent use over the year.
Definitely worth the 40 bucks I bought them with.
    I love pairing up this bluetooth earbuds with my android. So awesome to use
and very easy to pair. Sounds quality is good enough for me. The noise
cancellation feature is ok, but I don't know if that means you have to turn up
the volume to reach noise cancellation levels. I also like the battery charging
case. Works as well as advertised. Very convenient and holds the earbuds well.
    These Bluetooth earbuds are a great price for a good product.The packaging
was good, and the item came securely packed. The earbuds came in a nice portable
case, with a small carry bag. The USB cord used to charge the case, the extra
ear caps, the charging case all fit into the small carry bag. The compact design
of the charging case is a feature I appreciate as I carry many items in my
pockets and purse. I love that, if needed, I can also charge my cell phone with
the charging case.The earbuds fit snuggly, and there are several options/sizes
to choose from for the ear caps. Even while out gardening, or jogging, they fit
snuggly and stay in place.My house has several different devices to pair with.
Pairing was simple and worked well with all our devices--cell phones, tablets,
I-pads, even our tv.Battery life--with three kids and a husband who loves to use
these--is awesome! My kids use these in the car when we travel. They easily keep
a charge for four hours and recharge pretty quickly. You can use them
separately, which is nice if they are watching the same movie, or if you want to
listen to music, and also listen to the kids.The sound quality overall is good.
We tried many platforms. We used different cell phones to test the sound quality
from each, we played games on our tablets and I-pads, and we used them for music
as we did gardening and jogging. Overall, the sound quality was pretty good,
even with the music. The music quality does not register below 100 hertz --so
for bass lovers, this might be an issue.  But the sound was still high
quality.In summary, we all love these earbuds. The ease of pairing them, sound
quality, and length of battery life make these a good price and a good product.
    I was needing some new Bluetooth earbuds and didn’t want to drop a bunch of
money on some, so these were a godsend. The battery life is great, I was able to
sit and watch Netflix/listen to music for nearly 4 hours straight. They block a
good amount of sound and sound pretty good too.I do have some downsides that
aren’t too major for some cause they might not effect them as much. For me I’ve
always found a lot of in ear headphones hurt my ears, like something is digging
into them slightly but only I’ve ever had this problem and it’s kinda rare with
these. Aside from that, the only true downside that would be universal is how
easy it is to pause audio and use the controls if you aren’t careful and that
the rubber bits for the earbuds are kinda on the small and shallow end, so not
the most comfortable for people with larger ears like me. Still good though.
    You get what you pay for. For the price these earbuds are fairly decent and
work great. Was not impressed with the quality of the charging case plastic and
earbuds. They feel cheap but don’t feel like they would break. I have had these
for 3 days and have only had one problem with the earbuds not playing music. But
other than that, the pairing and accessibility features are easy to use and
fantastic. The sound quality is decent in high pitches but the bass is
absolutely trash. When I tampered with the EQ on Spotify to amplify the bass,
the speakers crackled a bit and had to turn it back down. The fit is amazing and
have been to the gym with no problems. The touch sensor is not very responsive
and you have to tap it just right for it to pause or skip. Overall a great
product for the price but if you are looking for sound quality and material
quality look for something a little higher on the price scale.
    I was skeptical at first but I'm good I bought these. At first the fit and
sounds quality were bad. I tired the different tips provided but they didn't
seal well enough. Out if they did it would hurt my ears after a while. I also
tired different tips from other headphones. The sounds with improved but it
still hurt my ears. Finally landed on ones like the link below. They had to be
modified to fit in the case but it worked out really well. I'm super happy with
the sounds and comfort
now.https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0776ZHJLV/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_apa_i_tTlBDb2CH5J4E
    A good pair of Bluetooth headphones. Found out by trial and error that only
the left ear bud has a mic to pick up sound when on a phone call but sound
quality better than I expected . The instructions are descriptive enough but
there is broken English in use as I believe this is an Asian brand or something.
Not the best for phone calls I have to speak louder than I've had to before with
other pairs of headphones but it's not terrible . Touch functionality is good
and not overly sensitive. One bad thing I'll have to note is the headphones
charging case isn't the most secure on keeping the headphones latched to the
charging port within the case . The case itself is solid but the charging port
for the headphones you'll have to make sure they are really on there for them to
charge at least in my experience . Better than spending twice the money on an
apple product.
    I purchased these for $40 with coupon and so far I’ve run 5 miles with them,
sat through a 2 hour tattoo session and sat around and watched a couple Netflix
shows. They are well worth the money if sound quality is not critical to you.
The sound is all high frequencies, very aluminum can with no low end. My old
Jabra with the strap between the ear pieces has way better sound and the same
battery life, but they were 3 times the cost.
    Well I used to love these headphones until my husband stole them from me and
uses them at work! He’s a chef so he needed something that was handsfree- now
apparently his whole kitchen staff wants them too!When I was using them they fit
in my ear so easily- they stayed put (unlike the AirPods) and you’re able to
still answer calls from them. Very light weight and easy to use, great sound
quality. Looks like I need to order another pair!!The best part has been the
customer service. I emailed with a troubleshooting question and I got the
nicest, and extremely PROMPT response. That right there makes a world of
difference. Great product, great customer service I’m very happy with my
purchase..and apparently so is my chef husband!
    Not great sound, but you wont be dissapointed if you need something to get
you through the day without the annoying cables in the way. Wish i could use the
right one by itself while being able to store the left one in the case to re-
charge. Looks like this is only possible in the reverse order. The case doubling
as a battery pack for other devices is a useful feature.
    I absolutely love these earbuds. I bought them for working out at the gym
and so far they have been great. The fit is perfect and they never fall out. The
sound isn't extravagant, but good enough to get me through my workout without
being bothered by all the noise around me. They paired pretty easily and stay
paired. The case is great for storage and charging and they charge fairly
quickly. The battery life is great as I can go a whole week without having to
recharge the case.
    My life revolves around music as I listen to music nearly every second
everyday. First off, this product is $50, so you can't expect to have the
quality such as some kind of $300 Bose headphones. I am always hesitant to
purchase brands that I don't have much information on, however, I took a chance
and it was worth it. The sound quality was crisp and I was quite pleased with
the amount of bass that this earbud had. As for the ear tips, they fit pretty
snug on myself as there are plenty of options that come along with them. The
size of the portable charger was reasonably small enough for me to be satisfied
with, although I also own AirPods and loved the size, but they had to consider
battery size. The earbuds last quite a while, I've used 'em for about 2 hours
and 30 minutes, but probably could last longer. What I love most about the
charging case is that it can also charge your phone. Overall, this earbud is
worth it, the earbuds went past my expectations as I wasn't expecting much.
    I can hear absolutely nothing besides a whisper. I have an iPhone 7 with the
volume fully up and it’s almost no noise coming from them. I had them resend me
a new one the same day and guest what? STILL, DIDN'T WORK! If I turn my volume
down 4 notches from the max volume it’s completely SILENT. Understandably
annoyed with this defective product.**Update 6/14/19 - The company was SUPER
attentive to the fact I had not the best experience when I first & replacement
ordered. After leaving my review I moved on to look for another product. To my
surprise the company contacted me and gave me a full no-hassle refund. Although,
since they value their customers being happy they issued me yet ANOTHER headset
and I must say this was the experience I hoped for in the beginning. Thank you
so much to the sellers customer service team. I am happy with the headphones. NO
they don’t have bass really but hey it’s a great price for a product that seems
to work fine for me. For all I know it can be the same product but it’s finally
working on my phone, 🤷🏽‍♀️🤦🏾‍♀️. Thanks so much!
    Bag to keep them in? Check.  Charging case to rest them in? Check.Charge
cord? Check.  Multiple ear cushion sizes? Check.There are SOOOOO many pluses.
They have a year warranty and are waterproof too. I've had them for 3 weeks and
have no issues.I "thought" I had an issue but that was my problem. I didn't read
the directions and would touch the right one to adjust it. If you do that it
pauses your stream. This feature rocks! I can do this super quick when someone
talks to me rather than get my phone unlocked.
    Wow! Hands down, this product surprised the hell out of me.  I had the bose
sport ear buds that I accidentally forgot I had on before jumping into the pool
and ruining them so I decided to go the cheaper route and read the positive
reviews on it and wanted to see it for myself, damn!  That's all I need to say.
The sound quality is amazing, once you find the right ear inserts to close any
gaps in the ears, the comfort is beyond expected, the dependability and ease of
it staying in your ears without fear of it coming out, unbelievable, great!
Battery life is ridiculous amazing, pairing is automatic and the charging case
is perfect for any occasion.
    This is my first pair of wireless earbuds & I have to say I really like
them.  They are very comfortable. The fit is snug and they stayed in place
without fear of them falling out. They came with multiple sizes in the ear
pieces which is a great because you are bound to have an earpiece that fits you.
The sound quality is great. I talked on the phone for over an hour, walked all
over my house & outdoors without a skip in the conversation.  The only issue I
have is that the directions weren’t easy to follow. Too many steps, repetitive
at times, felt like the translation over to English may have been the culprit.
Easy fix though.  Over all I’m very happy with this product and I would
definitely recommend this product to friends & family.
    I had been struggling between purchasing the Apple pods to be able to listen
to music and talk on my iphone. However I was struggling with justify the cost
($159) for a pair of headphones that would only work with an Apple product, just
did not sit well with me. Anyway, I was in desperate need of wireless headphones
so I did a search and these popped up. I liked the appearance of the headphones
and the price caught my attention. I began reading all of the reviews and
decided to give them a chance. I've only had them for 3 days, but I am soooooo
pleased! Definitely worth the money. Great product! comfortable, great quality,
clean sheek look, and easy to use. I definitely recommend this product. I will
update my review if that changes in the next few weeks. But so far so good!
    Update: These earbuds have lasted me less than a year. I’ve taken really
good care of them but the max volume all of a sudden was 80% lower than it was
initially. It’s unfortunate that I have to now buy a new set from a different
company.Initial review: The battery life is incredible. I've had it for about a
month and I use the earpods for an average of about 6-8 hours a day. This being
said, I have only had to recharge the case once.  They have great noise
cancellation and good sound quality.
    For the Price i paid, Wow i did not expect this device to work the way i
intended to use it... it lasts the minimal 4 hours.. it reaches all the way
across the warehouse i work at, and the sound quality is amazing especially when
listening to ASMR :), great product for the price/value ratio.The only Con: I
wish the Earpieces were a tinybit smaller to fit thru my ear perfectly.. now
they do not fall out or anything they are securely in, but i can feel the pop in
my area like when you have a unsecured lid on a coffee cup, but not annoying
enough for less than 5 stars.. overall great earpiece!
    Me encantaron. Son fáciles de conectar, una vez vinculado, se activa el
Bluetooth y ya están con audio como cualquier otro tipo de auricular. La
autonomía de la batería de cada auricular es de 4 horas (bastante) y te avisa
cuando tiene poca carga, se conectan en la base y en un rato ya están cargados
de vuelta.Mientras se escucha, se puede pausar el audio simplemente pulsando la
cara de uno de los auriculares. El sonido es nítido, me pareció muy bueno, no
producen demasiados bajos, pero no afecta en nada.Todavía no los he usado bajo
lluvia pero no creo que tengan problema con eso, parecen muy resistentes.Cómo
único detalle a aclarar, que cuando voy en la bici, y hay muchos vehículos en la
calle, el audio se entrecorta bastante, supongo que es porque hace interferencia
con la radio de estos.
    Update.  Replacement earbuds were quickly sent to me. Work 100% as
advertised.  I would happily recommend to anyone who asks about them.Original:
Only one ear bud works.  Troubleshooting led to nothing.  I will update if it
ever gets resolved.
    These have been wonderful and they sound great!  I did have a problem, I
thought, with the right earpiece connecting to the left and hence, no sound.
After watching several videos and reading several reviews and a few comments, I
was ready to try and get a replacement pair.  But I did a little more
investigation with my sound controls on my phone and discovered that the right
device was packed with earwax!  Yuck!  My bad!  Cleaned 'em up and now they work
great again!  The only con I have is that I am reluctant to wear them while
outside jogging for fear of one device falling out of my ear.  But that's just
me.
    Update: the left headphone just went out yesterday. No explanation. Have no
idea what the cause was. So sad 😞. I really liked these.Pros: size - I have
small ears so most ear buds either hurt or fall out of my ears. These are a
great size. They don't hurt and stay put. The sound is great. The battery life
is fantastic.Cons: my phone pairs to the headphones even while in the case and I
can't get it to disconnect unless I tell my phone to forget the device. Super
annoying. Maybe there's a way to turn them off and I missed it? Also I wish the
headphones would stay connected at a greater distance from my phone. But that's
not a huge problem for me. Just would make them better.
    So, I bought these in April of 2019. It's now October. 6th, 2019. The
charging base has stopped charging the ear buds which makes them useless. I
don't know if there is some sort of warranty. I have used the ear buds four
nights a week for an hour or two.  I really liked them. And the whole device is
too light to use as a boat anchor. Don't buy.
    Great quality sound, no problems with hearing people or people hearing me on
a call, easy to connect, easy functionalities, and battery life is pretty good
(and it's pretty nice to be able to charge my phone on the charging dock thing
when I'm out and about). They are a little bigger than I expected, but doesn't
seem to be a problem. Also, if you're wondering, they really are waterproof--my
son wore them in the shower.
    These are horrible do not buy especially for children. I had mine for only a
few  weeks only used a couple times took forever to charge, then they would read
fully charged and battery would die in  around an hour, then while in use for
about half hour I got burned on inside of my ear, it just got very hot very fast
luckily I was able to take out fast but if it was a child it could have been way
worse I would not recommend these at all. Only getting a  star  cause you can't
leave it at zero.
    I bought these mainly for the gym and I have to say that I'm not impressed.
They are fine for use around the house but I went for a run and had my ipod in
my pocket and the music kept cutting out every second. So I held my ipod around
my waist and there was no change. I had to hold it near my head to get fairly
continuous music but it still cut out intermittently. Maybe I got a lemon but I
wouldn't recommend these unless you are watching YouTube at home.UPDATE: So the
customer service is very attentive. They contacted me after my review, offered
to refund my purchase and send me a new pair to try. I agreed and gave the
second pair a shot. I went for another run and there was no change. During the
run I switched my ipod from my right side to my left side. This made a
noticeable difference but the must still cut in and out. They work best when
your device has a clear shot at the left earbud and if you keep your head
straight. Anytime I turned my head or looked up, the music cut out. Again, I
still wouldn't use them for working out.
    This product is AMAZING for going to the gym!! The Bluetooth headphones stay
in your ear which is incredibly surprising, and never fell out. Don't feel weary
with the cost, it's definitely worth it! When I first tried it out, I was
concerned because it didn't feel comfortable. But I realized that there were
other ear pieces to try on. Mine was medium. I would totally give it more stars
if I could. This is my 4th time wearing it, each day around 2 1/2 hours.
    the sound quality is great, i can hear the music i'm playing clearly and
loudly. the design is better than other ear buds i seen on amazon because it
actually is for human ears and not some weird alien with tubes as ears. if you
put these on correctly, you can shake your head as hard as you can and they
won't come off. also because of how they fit, they cancel out noises nicely.
    We have several earbuds in the family and these are by far the easiest to
pair with a device that we have. Sound quality is good as is, but the product
includes several sizes of attachments to adjust the size of the earbuds to
create a better seal around the ear and optimize the sound.  With a few micro
adjustments, you will notice a difference. I have not used these around water
yet, so I cannot comment on the waterproof aspect.  It will be summer before I
will know for sure, but in the meantime I’m really enjoying using these. They
look sleek also. Picture included!
    I really enjoyed using these headphones the past day and a half. I can say
that I am very happy with my purchase. The sound quality is amazing and compares
to some of the top notch wireless earbuds on the market today (with or without
my dolby atmos on.), I also really enjoy that the bud themselves are durable,
and the waterproofing works I've used them in the shower but not for too long.
Also the bud are touch sensitive on the logo which makes pausing music or
skipping to the next track so simple and easy. The charge life on these things
are amazing I've used them for about 4 or 5 hours straight and haven't even got
the battery low warning. The charge box is also very durable and keeps a great
charge while also charging the buds within an hour. I didn't really have a
chance to use the power bank; but I made sure that it worked properly. It also
comes with a small bag to keep your charge box in. Overall I give a 4.8/5 only
because the right bud had problems staying on the charger connectors, but it
only took a light poke to reconnect. So in my opinion it's a great product and
perfect alternative to expensive, over priced wireless ear buds.
    **UPDATE**  When I wrote my initial review, I was beyond Amazon's
requirements to qualify for a refund.  It left me very disappointed due to the
fact I had only had my earbuds a short while when they stopped working
correctly.  Since that time, the manufacturers took it upon themselves to
contact me with the intent to replace my earbuds at no cost, as well as refund
my purchase.  This was something they didn't have to do - but they did!  Also,
the replacement headphones are working well so far.I'm very impressed with any
organization that will go out of their way to provide their customers with the
best possible experience.  I still only gave four stars only because of the
issues found with the previous earbuds.  However, I'd like to give an
overwhelming 5 Stars for the amazing customer service provided to me.  Thank
you!!!!I don't normally leave reviews for products.  I ordered these earbuds the
beginning of the year so I could use them while working out.  After doing some
research, I decided to go with the Pasanomi earbuds because of the reviews as
well as the value.  The design is great and the earbuds fit comfortably in the
ear.  That being said, they were great for the time they worked.  I've only had
them for two months and connectivity now continues to be an issue as sound cuts
in and out.  Additionally, one earbud will work while the other cuts out all
together.(I've done all the troubleshooting and they still don't work proper).
Very frustrating as I'm unable to return.
    I've had these earbuds for a month. I wear one at a time while I'm at work
but the case latch is loose and the Bluetooth keeps saying, "second device
connected, disconnected, connected, disconnected", over and over again. This is
because the case loosens enough for it to connect to my phone even though it's
still in the case. This happens about 3 times every 5 minutes. It's very
annoying but I seem to have solved the problem with tape around the case and a
piece of paper inside to keep the earbuds firmly in place so they won't turn on.
It's very irritating to have that Interruption constantly throughout the day.
For the price I paid on these I shouldn't need tape and a peice of paper to make
them function properly. All other aspects of this Bluetooth I like. The battery
life is amazing and the sound quality is great.
    I've had these for a little while. At first I was super unhappy with the
battery life but I realized that I should have read the description better
because it does state the battery life duration. I would have looked for better
options. I've also had issues with them staying in my ears regardless of which
size I use. But I have this problem with all ear buds so maybe I have weird
ears?!?! My main gripe is where the pause function is because every time I
slightly touch the ear bud it pauses my music.
    Really blown away by this product and how it is still holding up. It has
some connection problems from time to time. They do tend to collect a lot of
earwax to the point it tends to get gross from time to time. The charge of the
pack itself holds for a good amount of time. Very compact as well honestly want
another pair for back up soon.
    the Product is pretty epic in my option. first of all its small, compact,
and its black. It doesn't stand out when wearing it like those airpods.motion
sensor for the finger to control the music, phone call, or volume. What's cool
about this is that each earpiece had a mic. Meaning I could wear one, my friend
could wear one, and we both can talk to the same person, from a certain distance
apart. the design of the earpiece as it is made to stay in when in constant
motion (Like me doing parkour).  But the downside is that the cheek muscles can
push against it, potentially force it out; mostly includes smilingIt's
waterproof and that meant I can take a shower with it on, go running in the
rain, or go swimming in my friend's backyard pool.( i advice to not take a
shower with them on and sleeping with them on. it would increase the chance of
an ear infection. or possibly hearing loss if the volume is to the max.)
    I loved these when I first got them.  About 3 months in,  lost some sound in
the left earbud.  Now 10 months in,  lost sound in both.  Have tried unpairing
and redoing and still won't work.  For what I paid I guess their ok but wish
they lasted longer.  I will say,  I used everyday for about 7 hours and I got
some use out of them.  Now i will get a different brand.  I won't even bother
contacting the company.  After what others have gone through I'm sure it's the
norm for these.
    These are hands down the best earbuds I own. Battery life is phenomenal... 6
hours straight music play no problem.  Case last a week without charging. Sound
is crystal clear ,not noise canceling, but you can forget they are in they are
so comfortable.  The only con is the case is hard to open. I always use some
SteelStick epoxy to make a lip to make it easier to open. Design a lip to open
easier!
    I have been searching for affordable wireless earbuds that are not only easy
to use but have long battery life. These wireless earbuds are exactly what I
needed and wanted.  The case is small and compact. I can easily carry it in my
purse or just in my hand. The only recommendation I have with the case is to
have a place to store the USB Cord. Since the case is so small, you are forced
to store the cord elsewhere. I was able to easily connect the Bluetooth and the
earbuds are comfortable in your ears. I have small ears and I am always looking
for earbuds that are comfortable or are customizable in size/fit. I was
surprised by how comfortable they were, but also how well they stayed put. The
battery life is perfect, especially since I use the earbuds for work, gym, and
just hanging out.
    We wanted wireless earphones to use at the gym and they showed up on our
search.  We bought 2 of them and they do their job well.  Earphones do not fall
off, even while running.  One of our box broke where it was not charging the
left side earphone.  We worked with the seller to get a replacement and they
sent us one immediately.  Very good customer service.
    I bought these to listen to my music. They came in an awesome package. And
was able to listen to my music as soon as I opened them up. I like the case. It
is securely keeps the buds in as well as easy to charge. Super easy to operate
with my iPhone. The sound clarity is amazing! Better than I expected.The fit of
the ear buds has taken me a little time to get used too. And if I wear them for
a few hours, my ears don’t hurt, but I do notice the weight of the bud. Not a
terrible thing, but it is why I didn’t give 5 stars.
    At first, I wrote a great review. These were working perfectly! I was
amazed. But $50 earbuds do not last for long. 2 weeks later:The connectivity is
TERRIBLE. Every 20 seconds I have to take out the earbud, put it back in the
case, and put it in again. Even then, it takes forever to reconnect. Both
earbuds are named the same thing (x9) so I don't know what to connect to.
Finally, as I was watching a video, the audio cut out completely. Do NOT buy
these earbuds. They work for 2 weeks and then break down. I am now returning the
earbuds and am planning on buying a different pair from another company.
    These are worth the buy if you don’t care about brand names. The quality is
really good- they are noise canceling and the bass is good!These stay in my ear
when I’m working out. I haven’t had any trouble with them slipping out
yet!Pairing them to my phone was super easy. After the initial pair they auto
pair right after you take them out the charging pod and put them into your
ear.You can tap the outside of the bud to pause or play on either left or right
side.Not sure about the battery life as I’ve been using these for about a week
now and I haven’t had to charge them yet.. I will follow up in a couple months
about battery life.The charging case is a little bulky but it’s not too bad. It
will stick out if you try to keep it in your pocket.Overall, I highly recommend!
    If I wear the right hat, I can use these at work. Even though the boss says
zero tolerance, I know about him taking the new girl who cleans at night on
secret warehouse tours. Like she needs a tour twice a week. She's been working
here for over a month already and she doesn't even clean in the warehouse. Real
subtle Dale. That being said. These suck. They constantly take over my blue
tooth. You can't turn them off and they hate working alone
    For the price of these, I am impressed. It was simple to pair and connect
them to my phone and the sound quality was better than expected. These come in a
nice charging case, I can only hope the lid lasts through long term use. I do
not know how long a full charge will last, as I have only used them for a few
minutes each time I tried them in different areas (indoors, outdoors)  I
recommend these for anyone looking for wireless earbuds but don’t want to pay a
high price.
    I am frequently active in my daily life, whether it be walking around or
going to the gym. I needed a set of Bluetooth earbuds that accommodated this
lifestyle since I have broken five or so "dongles" that are 10 dollars apiece
from apple. I was incredibly close to buying apple airpods, but I am glad I
didn't and saved the extra 100 dollars. These earbuds perform the job very well.
This is what I noticed after wearing them consistently (every day) for a week
and a half.-They have high sound quality-Sweat and a little water does not phase
it-It sticks to my ear like glue during heavy workout sessions, I never need to
touch it.-Rechargeable battery pack is very portable, quick to recharge, and
recharged earphones quickly.-Very lightweight feelAll in all, they have exceeded
my expectations for a $50 bluetooth earbud!
    I read so many good reviews on this product and I had high hopes. In the end
I wasn't satisfied because:1. The sound quality is horrible. Not sure if I
received defective earbuds.2. The earbuds do not connect to my phone once I take
them out of the case. I have to repeatedly unpair the earbuds and pair again or
else it won't connect at all once the earbuds say "pairing" and I have turned
off my Bluetooth to see if it will connect after I turn it back on and it does
not! very dissatisfied.3. The earbuds randomly start lagging on my music  after
moving my phone from my chest to my waist.the only good thing about this is the
case charger. I haven't had to charge it once since I received it and it's still
at full battery, but it's not worth the hassle because of the above issues. Not
worth 51 bucks.
    These headphones were pretty good for about three months. Not the most
comfortable but the sound quality is pretty good and they never fell out of my
ears.However, after about 3-4 months of (rare/intermittent) use, the headphones
stopped pairing; music would only play out of one earbud, and the only way I
could find to pair them again was to plug them into an outlet.Then, after about
6 months of intermittent use, the right earbud suddenly started putting out only
quiet/tinny sound.TLDR; decent earbuds for a few months but stopped properly
working fairly quickly. Would not recommend...
    I like that these earphones are portable which you can fit into ur pocket.
Lasts long for about mayb 5 hrs. If u only use one earbud at a time. Whenever u
have already connected it to ur phone and just put it back into case to charge,
then use it again. It will Automatically reconnect to ur phone. Like it for
being on the go, portable, and being at a good price for all of it’s
features.Hope this helps! Also, gave it as a gift to my dad, he was the one who
mentioned these points as well. :)
    These worked for me for a few months and I liked them, but out of nowhere
one of them stopped working. Its so quiet I can just barely hear anything coming
out of it, while the other works normally. I've tried the re-sync and I've tried
resetting the bluetooth, tried on multiple devices, and no dice. My review would
have been a 5 but they're unusable now.
    These are good headphones for the price.  I gave 4 stars because there isn't
a 'quick charge' option (will drain phone battery quickly when plugged into that
as a charger).  I liked that the case has a magnetic piece to keep the earbuds
in place for charging.  As far as sound quality, it is definitely good for the
price, but not in the same category as Bose or even Jaybird.  The anatomy of my
ear is unique, and I usually cannot wear headphones without the part that hugs
the ear.  However, I have not had one issue with these falling out!  It was so
nice not to have to stop during my workout to adjust the earpiece.  The controls
were also easy to get used to (double tap to skip track, etc).  I noticed a
difference in sound quality when streaming music as opposed to having it on my
phone.  Other than that, I would recommend these!
    I bought these headphones 2 months ago and after two months of constant use,
I can honestly say this was a great purchase !Pros:1) These do a great job of
cancelling surrounding noise.2) In my opinion, the quality of sound is fantastic
for the price point.3) I’ve run races and done various types of work outs and
they remain in place.4) The battery lasts forever ! I think I charge them once
every week or two and I use them every day at work.5) I love the magnetic case
it comes with - easy to throw into a gym bag or purse and it charges the ear
buds.6) Easily pairs with my phone and doesn’t randomly disconnectCons:1) For
me, it’s a pain to change songs/pause/increase volume. I find I have to hit the
ear buds the right way for it to work and think it could be more user friendly.
    I just got these and so far, exactly what I expected. They paired with my
phone instantly, the sound quality is actually better than I thought it would
be. However, the bass is truly lacking. But the mid's and high's are nice and
crisp. I took 1 phone call so far and I was told that the sound was great on the
other side. I'm glad because these are much more comfortable than over the ear
headphones that push my ears into my glasses which after a while really
hurts.So, only the first day. I guess we'll see how they hold up and how long
they work. But, for the price I paid, I couldn't be happier. I love the sound of
the Apple AirPods, but they fall right out of my ears so I really had to find
something else.
    These earbuds have the BEST sound quality from other earbuds I’ve had and
the noise cancellation is great too. I can barely hear someone talk when I have
these in.I also love how easy it is to connect and disconnect the earbuds from
your phone. With these earbuds you never have to worry about it’s battery life
when you want to turn it off because it automatically disconnects when it’s put
in it’s charging case.Also speaking of the charging case it has an outlet for
you to charge your phone, and the 3 lights in the case is a great help to show
how much battery the case itself hasOne suggestion I do have for the product is
for the charging case to have more mAh (Power), to charge my phone faster.
    But also the company's response to me reaching out to them. But let's
Tarantino this...I used these headphones for about two weeks before making my
opinion on them. I was initially extremely impressed by the look of these
headphones. The box looked professional, clean. The headphones looked the same.
The case was a great size, not too big, not too small. They didn't fit
perfectly, but we all have different sized ears - once I put one of the many
replacement ear tips in, they fit great. However, there was one huge thing that
turned me off about them:They sounded horrible. According to their Amazon page
these earbuds offer "Crystal clarity and deep, resonant bass with delicately
tuned sound signature deliver immersive sound and put you on the stage center."
On the contrary, I found that the earbuds offered no base at all. None. In fact,
there was so little bass that the treble gave a sickening feeling, a piercing
feeling that gave you nothing but discomfort.I emailed the company and mentioned
this, wondering to them if maybe the headphones were faulty because there is no
way they could be designed this way and they thought it was a good idea to
describe the bass in this manner. And this is when I started noticing some
issues with their service: They told me to change the ear tips.I'm sorry, what?
The ear buds fitting better in my ear are not going to miraculously fix a
distinct lack of the lower end of the audio spectrum. However, I was patient and
tried it. Lo and behold, it did nothing. They then told me to download some app
or another. I told them that, no offense meant, but I did not want to have to
litter my phone with apps that I don't want in order to make their headphones
work the way they're supposed to work. This is when they completely lost me as a
customer: They offered to give me a $10 refund. Now, until this point I was
completely fine with returning the headphones and trying out another pair just
in case it was a manufacturing issue. But this almost seemed like a slap in the
face. $10 back is, once again, not going to fix the issue.All in all, the only
reason this even got a 3 star review is because the case worked like it was
supposed to and the ear buds fit decently. Other than that, the sound quality is
horrendous and customer service is clearly lacking in common courtesy.
    I got these headphones as I wanted something wireless and more portable than
the over ear headphones I use at home. They fit well in the ear, they sound good
and they pair easily with my devices. I would really like to like them. The
problem is that the sound in the right ear keeps cutting out. If I understand
correctly, the right ear piece pairs with the left, and the left pairs with the
device. The sound in the left ear is fine, but the signal between the left and
right does not seem good. I do like them, but it is annoying when the sound cuts
out every minute or two. I haven't pursued any customer service options this
far, but my first impression is not as good as I would have hoped.
    Greetings,I purchased the Pasonomi X9 wireless earbud headphones May 28
2019.I bought these primarily for use in the Gym.They sit comfortably and have
not fallen out. The volume is excellent. The touch controls are very
convenient.The battery life is very good. After 10 workouts (1 1/2 to 2 hours
each) the charging case is still indicating full.The mid range and high tones
are clear and crisp. The Bass is clear but is a bit lower volume.If you are in
the market for a great set of earbuds at a great price I thoroughly recommend
the Pasonomi X9 earbuds.
    As an owner of Apple AirPods I was a bit skeptical but I was very impressed,
they fit in my ears better because of the soft ear tip pieces, I also was able
to put a different tip on my left ear which seems to have a slightly larger
opening, so they fit perfectly and stay in well, even while walking around.  I
like that they also don’t stop if one does fall out, like my AirPods do.  Really
glad to have found these earbuds.I think I might have to buy my teenage daughter
a pair.  They also come not only with the charging case but a small drawstring
leatherish bag that will make them harder to misplace.
    I got these for my husband and he loves them! They were packaged very nicely
and the rechargable case is very solid and nice looking. The buds themselves are
very solid as well and there were many sizes of adapters to fit any size ears.
The sound is great and they’re very easy to pair. They can be tricky to not hit
the button when your inserting them but it just takes some getting used to.
Definitely a great purchase and would highly recommend.
    Just like anything else, I was super skeptical, however since the
manufacture offered a 4 year warranty, I assumed they would be decent.I was
blown away. I do about 45 minutes of cardio and 20-30 minutes of weight training
5 days a week. Out of the package, I have not had to charge them yet! The
holding case is a stand alone charging device, so every time you finish working
out and put the buds away, they start to charge again.It comes with multiple
sizes s/m/l and, I think at east 2 of each. (my last set of headphones, my f
trophies tore apart the buds, so I had to use the incorrect size until they
broke)Sounds pretty good. I listen to a range of music from UGK/Tech9/Pantera/
HED PE/ Sublime/ Dirty heads...you name it. So bass sounds good, treble isn't
too high.
    These are awesome headphones have zero complaints. I can wear then for about
4 hrs before I have to charge them and the  I have to stick them in. It takes
about 30 minutes to charge the buds back up. My only complaint is that someone
stole them at work so I dont have them anymore. 😭
    The first month was the only month when this product performed okay. Then I
started to see the following problems:1. The range of the Bluetooth connection
is not more than 15ft or 5 meters, if you are on a call, another person starts
to hear squeaking sounds.2. The battery doesn't last more than 1.5 hours after 3
months.3. Often the Bluetooth connection is lost. Many times I could not answer
the call via taping on the earphones. (I have iPhone SE)I would recommend
spending more money on a better headset. Not very happy.
    Pros:-Battery life is better than other wireless earbuds that I have used,
barely used any of the battery after 1 1/2 of using them while working out.-I
went for a run with them and they fit snug in my ears-Bluetooth setup was super
easy. I enjoyed not having to try and pair both earbuds like with other ones
that I have used in the past-The case is very sleek-Music does not cut out like
most other earbuds I have usedCons:-Sound is very quiet, sounds like I'm
listening to the music through a tin can-Does not block outside sounds out-No
bass at all
    These were great... until they weren’t. The sound quality wasn’t the best,
but I expected that going in given the price. It’s passable at best. There were
a few connectivity issues, but again, understandable for the price. However, one
day the volume of the right earbud just suddenly dropped significantly lower
than the left and just never went back to normal. I later emailed the company
requesting to renew the 3 month replacement policy that came with the
headphones. They instead sent me instructions on how to reset the headphones,
which resulted in the left earbud now longer connecting at all, and the right
still connecting, but with the same lower volume. I only grabbed these for some
convenient and cheap workout headphones, but I wouldn’t buy again for quickly
they crapped out on me.
    Pasonomi ipx7 reviewThe good:Easy connectivityCall quality was great on both
receiving audio and the microphone was clear.The Bluetooth range was
outstanding. I walked out of the room and into my basement without losing the
connectivity.The case for the headphones was made well and the charging feature
completely charged my cell phone.The earbuds fit nicely in my ears (after
reading directions) and they didn’t seem loose.The bad:Sound quality for music
was not great. There was not much bass which made the sound seem hollow.The
headphones kept connecting to my phone while they were on charge. I had to
delete the headset from my BT list to keep this from happening.Overall: not a
bad headset for the money and I liked the idea of charging my phone using the
docking station, but I would not recommend for music sound.
    Purchased based on reviews and price. Pretty much the best rated blue tooth
ear buds for the $50 price range I am in.I am especially picky about a good fit.
These fit in the ear very nicely and the assortment of silicon earpiece
attachments makes it easy to find the perfect fit. Battery life is as advertised
and easy to use. A good value vs. spending hundreds of dollars on the apple or
samsung alternatives.
    Was between the Samsung Galaxy Buds and these for my father's birthday. He
works a lot and has been looking for wireless earbuds to use when outdoors. The
quality of these buds and their ease in syncing with a Galaxy S9 was incredible.
Just take them out of the charging case and perform a one-time sync with your
phone and that's it. When you take one out, it pauses your music temporarily but
lets you resume so you can work with only one in. Built in touch controls are
great for skip/rewind and volume control. The case doubling as a power bank is a
nice to have feature when on the go. Even when sweaty and moving about, they
grip in the ear without any pressure and block out ambient noise very well.
Overall, would buy again.
    I absolutely love these earbuds. I love the way they fit. The bass is
stellar. The sound is clear and crisp. I am so surprised- I honestly expected
way worse. The only reason I am giving 4 stars is because of the flashing blue
light while it’s connected. In the dark I look like a robot or alien space
explorer. I covered it with a micro piece of electric tape to stop the flashing.
Otherwise amazing.
    I was very impressed with these earbuds. I was slightly skeptical with the
price point to begin with. They came in quickly. The price was more than fair.
The case and earbuds themselves do not feel cheap at all. They charge quickly
and the battery life actually impressed me. They were easy to sync. And the
sound was pretty good. My only complaint was that the bass wasnt that great. But
for the price and all of the other pros of the product, I will gladly deal with
it.
    I had to replace the 1st set I got bc 1 earbud stopped charging and they
didn’t allow me to hear my conversations. This 2nd set of earbuds has been
great. I can hear all my conversations and all my music. Fits in my ears great
and comes with extra buds for a different fitting.  The battery is decent, it
could be longer, but it does have the charger box that will recharge it again.
It didn’t take to long.
    I just received these earbuds and had an user error issue in the beginning.
I reached out to the company and the promptly respond to assist me. Now that I
know what I am doing I am very happy with my purchase. The range on the ear buds
when I am away from my phone is awesome! I can leave the phone on my desk at
work and go to the restroom with them still in my ears. I was surprised the
music didn’t cut out. I also wear these when working out and they don’t budge
from my ears. The only thing is I would practice using them before you get to
the gym. For me, controlling them was a little tricky at first.
    I really lime it, I had it only for a month and it’s not disappointed me so
far , they starts working asap I take them out of the container and it connects
beautiful. I cannot tell you the quality of sound Because I use  YouTube a lot
so the quality of sound could be anything and I never had a very high-quality
top-notch brands Headphones prior to This. But this one sounds pretty good and I
have no complain so far.
    Over all very much loved them, they were a bit sensitive for me, my hair
would turn them off easy. I gave them to my boyfriend who used them at work, he
never had this issue. What actually ended up being the biggest thing was the
charge port. From day one it was finicky but we just dealt with it. Just a few
days ago, after only having it maybe 4 months. i wanted to charge it and when i
put the wire in the port retreated into the base, haven't tried to get it out.
mostly cause in my experience it just makes it worse. my bf very much loved
these. had good long life so he rarely had to mess with them at work, and sense
he kept them under those work muff things he never had an issue with them
turning themselves off.
    The earbud tip is like a cut in half earbud tip. For this reason, it does
not allow for a snug fit.The sound is too airy and is weighted more towards mid
and treble. Kind of sounds distant like listening through a tube.The amount of
bass left you wanting more. This is slightly due to not having a snug fit.Not a
fan of the "congratulations winner" card in the box. On the back of the card was
directions to email a strange email address.
    I dont know what happened but the left ear peice is never the same volume
level as the right. It wasnt like that at first but over a month or so it
happened. Ear peice itself fits nicely in my ear and stays where it should. The
response time from the moment I hit pause to the moment it actually pauses is 1
or 2 full seconds. Samething with song change. Battery life is decent. Distance
I can go from my phone while bluetooth is working is real nice.
    I would rate these 4 stars if they were easier to clean.  Sadly, the earbuds
plug with earwax until it is almost impossible to hear sound.  Then cleaning
them is difficult and it seems that I damaged mine attempting to do so.Over the
years I have used perhaps a dozen different kinds of earbuds and these are the
only ones that ever plugged with earwax.
    Tend to use as a single ear unit so I can still hear others while working.
Either of these units can pair as a single and play both channels through the
one piece, or you can pair both together for full stereo sound. This allows
continuous swapping of unit throughout the day with the case charger. Sound
volume is not as high as some other units but so far functionality is top. Units
also maintain contact with phone up to 30-50ft away depending on walls, etc...
    These headphones do what I was hoping for when I'm sitting at my desk or at
home. The big issue I have is as soon as I go outside, connectivity becomes a
crap shoot regularly going in and out of both ears. Considering that my primary
use time is during commutes, this can get incredibly frustrating.Beyond issues
with audio going in and out when outside, I have also had numerous issues
getting the headphones to pair with my phone leading me to have to factory reset
them on nearly a weekly basis.
    I’ve been using these consistently over the past year for about 3-5 hours
per day during the week while working. They are very good in terms of sound and
noise cancellation. And they’re very easy to connect and use in a start/stop
schedule throughout the day. However, the left earbud has been getting more and
more faint, and is slowing ceasing to function. The right is still going strong
but it is now almost impossible to have both in together due to the balance
difference the malfunction is causing. They’re great headphones while they last,
but I would seriously question the quality if you’re intending to use these
multiple hours per day consistently.
    Frankly, not great. Certainly not worth the $50.°° price tag. Consistently
can't decide if it should connect to your paired device or try to pair to a new
one. I have to constantly put the buds back in the case and remove them again,
hoping they'll connect this time and not randomly go into pairing mode. Also
difficult to remove from the case. Your fingers have no purchase on the smooth
buds and there's no lip to get under to pull them out. Left bud is now much
quieter than the right.It is nice having a case that can charge your phone
though.
    because I like them so much. I've had these true wireless earbuds for a
couple of months now and I really enjoy them. First, I appreciate their battery
life, lasting about 4.5 hours. I'm able to work with one earbud in and then when
it dies, I just put in the other earbud without much hassle.For working out, I
wouldn't trust them running because I'm a little paranoid about them falling out
and stepping on them, but for biking I think they're perfect. Their noise
cancelling isn't great but that's good for outside exercise since you want to be
able to hear what's around you.They come with a large number of sizes of tips so
it should cover a wide variety of ear shapes and sizes.Their range is decent,
ranging from 20 feet or so to about 10 if you want to walk around the house away
from your phone.Overall, I highly recommend buying these as a first pair of true
wireless earbuds.
    I had difficulty getting them to work at first but, I was able to figure it
out. The sound was great and I love that they are wireless. I especially like
using them while at the gym. They stayed in my ears with no problems and I liked
not feeling like I was attached to my treadmill. I also likes using them while
doing things around the house. I was able to listen to my music while in the
other room. It was better than having to move my potable Bluetooth from room to
room. I am very happy with this product and have no complaints.
    The only negative thing I have with them thus far; I really like the quality
of the material and the sound is crisp there is only a slight white noise that
is hardly audible but my ears are very sensitive to sound, The only negative
thing I have with them is the touch panel on each bud is way too sensitive I
wish I could turn it off via an app or in the Bluetooth settings on my phone, my
hairbrushes it and sometimes causes it to pause (I do need a haircut though) but
overall I am quite satisfied.
    The sound is good and they wear well. But the problem is they connect
automatically,  sometimes even if I don't want them to. I'll be trying to listen
to music through bluetooth in my car, and the music is instead playing through
these earbuds. No way to turn them off. I have had to unpair them several times
just to make them stop connecting.
    I like the sound quality, function, ease of use, compactness, battery, etc.
These are a fantastic value. They pair quickly and easily. The sound is full and
clear. The part that fits inside the ear canal is small and the rest does not
protrude. But depending on your shape of ear, they may not be comfortable. See
the attached image. If the leg of the helix extends prominently into the concha,
as in the left, these and other buds with the same basic design will likely be
less than comfortable. If not, like the ear on the right, they should be nice
and comfy. For those in the right, these would fit nearly flush in the ear and
might even be ok laying on them. For those on the left, don't even think about
laying in them.so anyway just like to,recommend people to buy it ,use it very
good .
    I have a very difficult time finding ear buds that fit my ears, and these
fit perfectly. From the second I put them in, they have been extremely
comfortable.Best features:- Comfortable- Carrying Case, pictured- Tao the ear
bud to pause your music- Almost noise canceling (explanation below).-
AffordabilityI mention the noise canceling because you see earbuds costing 2-5x
more than these do. I wore them at school to test them out in the hallways to
see what I could hear. I had VERY faint noise, but couldn’t really make out any
conversations.I would recommend these if you were looking for a good set of
earbuds that won’t destroy you wallet.
    I really love that they truly have noise cancellation, I don’t hear noises
or talking in the background at all, I have to take out earbud out just in case.
Also, it doesn’t bother other people around me and the volume is to the loudest.
I haven’t changed the rubber tips to fit me perfectly, but it’s honestly doesn’t
bother me and they don’t fall out when working out and haven’t tripped about
sweat. Probably the only thing I dislike but honestly don’t mind at all, is that
there’s a limit of how far you should be to your device, it’ll start to static
but really that’s not even a problem. My final thought about these are: 100%
with buying for $50 and they are perfect in every way! Definitely will keep buy
more for gifting!
    I lost the earphones that came with my iPhone 7 and these were a great
alternative! They were easy to connect and sounded great! They feel very
comfortable in your ears and stay put!  I had no issues with them falling out at
the gym like other ear buds, I love that they are wireless too!  They case
chargers them up so as long as the case is charged they can be charged on the
go.  Buy these you won't be disappointed!
    I own about 5 headsets - all Bluetooth - these have very good powerlife -
ran on a 6 hour on and off - not too bad.. I like how they fit into their
compact charger. still trying to figure out how long that charger stays charged
while headsets are in.  Interesting how the lady's voice tells you one is on and
2nd one is on.  I will give this time to see if my needs are met in longer
term... Not bad for price - not buying those QTip looking headsets either -
NEVER!
    No complaints other than a slight delay and some very brief audio stuttering
on occasion but for the price you really can't beat it.I literally have taken
showers with these and taken calls in there with no problem (other than the
sound of the water, haha)I recommended these to everyone.
    I was always a Skullcandy type of guy and wanted to get away from their new
bluetooth headphones due to them being an expensive buy. When I found these I
figured i may as well give them a try and see how well I like them. The shipping
was speedy and efficient, which was a bonus to the product. Now onto the product
itself... at first I was very skeptic to how well they were going to perform and
if they were going to perform to my standards.. and to say the least they
actually raised my standards when it comes to wireless headphones. They are
comfy, nearly soundproof and best of all they are waterproof, so I can listen to
music in the shower and when I work out without worrying about them getting wet.
The case for the headphones was also a very nice touch on the developers side
asthe case could charge both the headphones and my phone( which was near dying)
to a near full charge. Overall worth the buy.
    When received they already had a full charge which made it great to try
right out of the package.Instructions for pairing were very straight forward. I
had no issues having the buds pair together, but it did take a few attempts
before my iPhone would pair with them.These stayed in my ears very comfortably
and they didn’t move throughout my run, I’ve had many earbuds that dont stay in
well so this was a huge plus for me.In the first 5 minutes of use the right
earbud would cut out for about a second at a time but after that zero issues and
the sound was great.Lightweight charging case, makes it easy to bring along in
my bag!Overall, great product.
    Headphones are all right as long as you do not go further than 8 ft from
where it's connected. Or if you're moving. It's only redeeming quality is the
battery life on the headphones and the case can be used as an external battery
for any USB. Honestly, as for headphones either get a better Bluetooth or stick
to a wired one.EDIT: I received a new set and it actually works better and
doesn't have as much static or disconnects if you go further than a foot away.
Only because it might be a coin flip on what you get, I wouldn't recommend them
but they aren't bad.
    In my dedication to getting out and doing some more exercise, I decided to
get these so I can listen to music while running (or more honestly, slowly
trotting). These fit very well, and are comfortable in my ear. I love that the
case is a charging case.  The sound quality is very good considering that it's
bluetooth. Very similar to airpods in quality, but obviously these are much
cheaper.  Strongly recommended.
    I refuse to spend my hard dollars on just a name. I tried this because of
the many reviews and boy was it worth every penny of mine. I love the sleek look
and they fit perfectly. The sound quality is great and the battery life is up
there. i mainly use them for my jog in New York City (very Noisy) and while at
my desk at work. Love them!!
    I love these headphones. They take some getting used to as far as the fit
and the battery life is okay (about 2 hours with normal use), but that's where
my complaints stop. The sound quality is amazing for bluetooth wireless
headphones, the durability is awesome (I've dropped them many times), and the
case is just the right size and holds its battery for a long time. I waited to
write this review until a month later to test if they would break, and so far so
good. I often get asked where I bought them and how much, and I'm happy to brag
about my amazing headphones.
    Awesome headset for the price. Good audio quality, good reception
distance(unless outside and downtown(Minneapolis) for some reason). Each ear
phone can connect individually to your phone so, you can charge one while
listening through the other(unlike some brands) which is great for people that
want to listen to something and also have an available ear to audibly detect
what else is happening around them(construction, late night walks ECT.)Battery
life per earpiece is only about 3hrs of continuous play so, if you're looking
for a headset that will last 8hrs for both headphones this isn't your
product.The fact that the charging case is also a backup phone charger is also a
major plus.
    I had tired of my over the ear headphones and saw these and the reviews so I
thought I would give them a try.  As a musician I use my headphones daily and
was pleased with the quality of the sound.  The set up for the earbuds was easy
and pairing with my IPhone and getting access to my ITunes account was no issue.
Once I sinked the earbuds I enjoyed listening without having the bulky old
headphones.  Carrying/charging case was ready to go when it arrived.  Battery
life of earbuds as well as case was good.  Earbuds lasted about 3 hours and I
have not needed to charge the case yet.  I would suggest these if you want ease
of use for a good price.  Quality was worth much more than the price.
    Guys!Let me tell you...you seriously need to try these earbuds right now. I
ordered myself a pair a month ago with the 2 day shipping. The product arrived
in only one day which had me really excited as I couldn't wait for this to come
in the mail.Listening to music in these made me feel as if I was getting a
personal performance by all of the worlds' finest musicians whenever i would pop
these bad boys in my ear. I wear them when i eat cereal in the morning. I wear
them when i want to tune my wife out. I wear them when my kids beg me to stop by
burger king for food when they know well enough that we have food in the fridge
at home. These earbuds made my grandmother listen to all of Lil Wayne's albums
and now she's wearing Young Money Cash Money T-shirts.
    These earbuds are horrible. They didn’t even make it a year from when I
purchased them. At first they worked great then they went down hill. One earbud
works sometimes and it doesn’t cancel any noise. I bought these based on the
reviews and was disappointed when they did not hold up. The crazy thing is I
used my on average maybe 2 or 3 times a week.
    Overall I really enjoyed this product.  The sound quality is amazing, and
the price is lower than most other competing brands.  I love the case.
Especially because I can use it not only to charge the headphones but to charge
my phone as well.  The sound quality is great.  I did have some challenges
getting it to work well during phone calls, but the music quality makes my daily
workout.  They pair really easily just make sure you take the tape off the
headphones otherwise it doesn’t work.  Compared to other user Manuels this one
is amazing.  The translation is comparatively on point.  I’m really happy with
this product and plan to buy my sister one in the near future.
    I use earbuds to listen to podcasts and stream Amazon Prime while hiking,
these sound thin, all treble like an old AM radio. Maybe my pair has an issue,
but they make the podcasters I normally listen to sound unrecognizable. The
functionality of the pairing and the quality seemed quite good for the price,
but I've had 20.00 bluetooth earbuds that have a far superior sound. Too bad. I
was looking forward to having a waterproof pair of wireless earbuds.
    Sound is weak and it’s really easy to accidentally bump one of them and turn
your music off or unpair them.  They don’t work like AirPods that need a
physical tap to operate.  If they are touched by mistake, you’ll make them do
something you didn’t want to.  Also, after about 1 week, the right ear started
putting out barely any sound...very annoying.  I returned them for a full refund
already.Great in concept, but this is a low quality product.  Took a chance
based on a friend’s recommendation, but should have when with my gut...you get
what you pay for.
    At first I was hesitant to purchase from a unfamiliar brand but the reviews
are good enough that it conviced me to buy it anyway. So after a month of use I
can really say that it was beyond what I expected. The battery life is great,
and the quality of music is really lit. It doesn't feel loose and really
comfortable even when I go to the gym. Really worth every single penny. The
charging case featuring a usb port is also quite the suprise. It saved me a
couple times when my phone loses battery: it maybe slow in the uptake but it get
the job done.
    Pros: Very easy to pair to my IPhone XR and both connect instantly every
time I take them out of the charger case. The touch functions for play/pause and
advancing tracks works very well. Plenty of cone options for the earpieces to
fit many ear canal sizes. Blocks outside noise with a snug fit fairly well
allowing the music to be heard even in a loud environment. Phone call quality is
good on both sides of the call. Sound clarity is good.Cons: Almost no
discernible bass makes for a very tinny (mostly treble) sound. Good for voices
but not great for high bass music like hip-hop and hard rock/metal etc.
    Excellent product at an awesome price! Keeps its charge & very nice case for
easy charging (although the cord could be a little longer). It was charged &
ready to use when I opened the box (which I did & I recommend trying the
multiple ear size fittings beforehand because I wouldn’t have dropped it in my
casserole I was making! But I was able to rinse it in water & it still worked
perfectly!) I was able to move around while cleaning & they stayed in & we’re
not heavy. Had great sound quality without any adjustments! They also have a
good range so I didn’t have to keep my phone on me! Great product!!!!
    Initially I received a defective pair - it worked for a few months and then
had issues.I’m giving them 5 stars because they did originally live up to its
promise and I really enjoyed them.Once they stopped worked I reached out to the
seller and they replaced them!This pair works great. For the price you get a
very comfortable, long lasting pair of headphones. I’ve worn them during Half-
marathons with no issues.
    They fit well, connect to my phone easily and sound fine. I listen to
audiobooks while doing chores and eventually the earbuds need to be recharged.
So I wanted another set of earbuds. I thought I'd try a different product since
this was my first purchase of earbuds ever. I went with the TOZO. The TOZO may
have slightly crisper sound quality, but they are bulky and fall out of my ear a
lot, and the charging case needs to be plugged in frequently. The battery life
on the  Pasanomi is phenomenal. I bet I don't have to charge the case more than
once a week. I got lucky with my first purchase Pasonomi earbuds. They are a
very good product.
    I use this for the gym. The only downside with these is the sound quality is
absolutely terrible. Unfortunately, since they're headphones, that's their sole
purpose.The silicone ear tips they come with muffle the sound quality and make
it sound like a $1 Bluetooth speaker from a distance. No bass, no decent quality
sound, or anything. I luckily had some old tips from a different ear set I had
purchased on Amazon (for like $20) that completely changed the sound 100% to
actually be decent.Keep in mind I'm a total audiophile so I'm a bit biased (Bose
headphones are the only ones I'll use, except their truly wireless ones suck).
    I have tried several different bluetooth headphones and these are hands-down
my favorite so far. Each earbud has about 4 hours of battery life, which makes
it super convenient for my job, which involves a lot of driving. There are only
really two things I can say are negative about these. 1: The only way to turn
them off or on is by taking them out or putting them back in the charging case,
it would nice if there was a way to do so through the touch commands. 2: One of
the touch commands in particular is annoying; by holding down the touchpad on
the earbud, you trigger siri on your phone, which is not very useful when I'm
trying to listen to music. Other than those things though, the sound quality is
very good, and I am very happy with this purchase.
    UPDATE - since having issues the company PASONOMI did a great job to resolve
my issues and provide me with a new working pair of earbuds.  Thanks YouI
purchased these based off the high reviews for walking every day.  Positive -
easy to pair to each other and my Iphone Xr.  NEGATIVE - the right earbud has a
mind of it's own.  Keeps cutting in and out when ever I move my head.  Very
disappointing.  I keep trying to reestablish pairing and it still keeps cutting
in and out.  When your walking long distance this is horrible.  The cord on my
Iphone buds was not optimal, but this is worse.Sorry but very poor Quality
Control for a $50 item.
    I enjoyed these ear buds for a year. My only original complaint (when both
ear buds worked) was the tinny sound, with little bass. But i lived with it.
What I can't live with is that now (after 3 weeks of no use), they won't sync.
Only one ear bud at a time will sync. I can sync the left and when I try to
reset, then right will sync. But NEVER together! I've reached out to customer
service asking for help, and I have received no response. I have followed the
directions given for the fix ...but nothing!Frustrating. DO NOT RECOMMEND.
    I Purchased these after reading all of the wonderful reviews. Unfortunately,
I was never able to connect them to my iPhone X. They were a complete waste of
money. I ended up purchasing another pair from a different seller and had no
issues connecting them whatsoever. I don’t recommend these at all.
    Fit nice in your ear and have several sizes so you can find your perfect
size. Only bummer is that even with a full charge I can never get them to last
longer than 2.5hrs.  This wouldn’t be a big deal if your only working out, but
if you plan to use them on a plane you’ll run out of juice mid flight and have
to put the ear pieces back in their case to charge.
    These earbuds have very bad sound quality!  Little to no bass and the noise
cancellation doesn't really work at all.  The only thing I really liked about
them was that you can change the song by tapping the right earbud twice.  Not
enough incentive for me to keep them.  I will definitely be returning these.
$45 is much too expensive for these tinny sounding, no bass earbuds!
    These are supposed to be headphones that you can wear in the gym and not
worry about them quitting functioning, but that is what happened. Almost 1 year
to the day after I purchased them, the right ear phone quit working. After way
too many back and forth emails with the guy who barely speaks or comprehends the
English language, I was advised that they would not pay the shipping costs for
me to send back the defective product and have it replaced. They did not last 1
year of being worn 4-5 times a week for about an hour and a half in the
gym...other than that, they were decent headphones for the price. But I would do
yourself a favor and spend the extra $30 and get a more reputable brand with a
warranty that isn't garbage.
    When I first received  these headphones I did not expect such great quality
for such a low price. They are easily accessible and extremely easy to pair. The
distance at which they work at was astonishing and not once did the sound
quality degrade. I used these daily for almost 5 days straight with little to no
complaints. Music was incredibly enjoyable, without getting into too much
musical detail, acoustic songs had a genuine "raspy"-ness when strings were
plucked and electric beats had little to no distortion, sound quality in these
headphones made you hear the true production value of what was being played.
Whether it be music, audio books, podcasts, movies, or any other form of media.
    These ear buds are perfect for me and most kinds of people. I’m one of those
people who constantly has there earbuds in and I can honestly say that these fit
that need perfectly. I’m a runner so it is very important for earbuds to not
move around, fall out, or be susceptible to water damage. I also like the
battery case it comes in which always you to charge your earbuds and phone on
the go. I had my first pair for six months and they worked fine without any
issue until someone stole them. I was so pleased with these earbuds that I had
to buy another pair. The product comes with extra earbud tips to allow the
perfect fit different sized ears. 10/10 would recommend for the price and
amazing quality!
    I was in the market for a good sounding wireless earbuds that I could use
for working out and college and this is the first one that stuck out for me. I
received them today and my review is based on a full hour of listening. With
anything sound related it takes a good 8 hours of playtime until you can get the
full capacity of any speaker or earbuds as the drivers and things need to warm
up and get loose. They have a pretty good mid range sound similar to the apple
ear buds but without the bass. For me my left bud overpowers the right one. The
left ear bud has really good sound and bass but the right side bud is way
quieter and has no bass at all. But the fact it has the portable charger for
your phone is a plus. I give this four stars because for the price and what you
get it would satisfy me. I love heavy bass and they have enough to satisfy me.
The unevenness of sound is very distracting but mine might just be a lemon. 4/5
stars for the potential and fact that the left earbud sounds really good.
    So first off great design. I love the wireless headphones that have a
charging case. These are in my purse as emergency headphones for gym. There’s
limited bass and sound isn’t amazing, but truly not bad at all. Good quality for
the price. If you need precise crisp sound with bass you’ll need to spend a
significant amount of money. So these are great as backups
    I bought these earbuds at the expensive price of $50.  I know it's cheap
when compared to known and vetted manufacturers of high quality products.  But
there are a lot of these type of hit-or-miss products on amazon. I figured
between the price and good reviews I had a good chance. I used these for around
10 months exclusively during short peloton workouts (20-30 minutes each) so less
than 200 hours use.  They were just fine. Sound was decent, battery life was
sufficient for what I needed, and volume was ok.  Now, the max volume is 30%
less than it ever was, and the voice that tells you "connecting" is barely
audible.  This makes them useless. I hope it's just a defective pair and
everyone doesn't have to deal with this.
    After going through several earbuds I have got to give this pair 10 stars
out of 5. Comfortable, great sound, long battery life (5-6 hours of constant
use) the no button feature is simply amazing.  Just tap it and it turns on/off
double tap for Siri.  No voice lag when watching videos.  The microphone is
insanely awesome! I work in an extremely loud factory and when my wife calls she
can hear me perfectly clear over the background noise.  I’ve never been so
impressed by a product.
    These Bluetooth ear buds are great! They stay in my ear and never fall out,
especially during my workout sessions. I bought these because I was tired of
snagging my wired earbuds onto things, and I always hated the hassle of
untangling wired earbuds. They have a few nice features as well; you're able to
control skipping to a next song or returning to the previous song, pausing, and
replaying by just tapping either the left or right earbud. All in all, I would
recommend these for anyone who hates wired earbuds.
    I initially liked the earbuds. They fit nicely in my ear. Sound quality is
decent for wireless small speakers. I have had no issues with the battery life.
What has been and issue is connectivity. While talking on the phone they
consistently disconnect and reconnect and make using them for a phone call
absolutely useless. I have to end up turning off my Bluetooth since I usually
don’t have the case near me. They also have issues having a constant stream from
my phone even if it’s in my pocket. Right one has more issues then left one.I
decided to return them and ordered the same ones. Hopefully I just got a
defective pair. I will write an update when I receive the new ones.
    I've been using these for a month now. The reviews seemed stellar so I had
to give these a go.Pros: The battery life on these guys is about ~6hrs on one
charge. You can use one earbud while the other charges. They're not bulky and
feel pretty comfortable in my ears.Cons: When I work out they do fall
occasionally. The sound quality is a bit disappointing, the bass is very weak.
However, I adjusted my audio settings on my phone and it's tolerable
now.Overall, I think I'll keep these as my spare. I'll likely purchase a
different pair with better audio quality in the near future.
    I really like these wireless earbuds. The box looks very high tech.They are
super comfortable and have great sound quality.  It charges very fast.It’s easy
to pair with my phone and iPad and the sound is very clear. Love this product.I
would highly recommend these!
    The sound quality is very good for the price range. Also, they're light and
they fit extremely well. They stay in my ears even when I do cardio. The battery
life is top notch.For the negatives, the Bluetooth range is not the best and
when making calls, the individual on the other line has difficulty hearing
me.Overall, really impressive for around $50.
    I have historically bought some wireless headphones, but the ones with wire
between them, and any headphones with a wire I find tend to break faster than
I'd like (I use them a lot). These seem to really fit the bill of what I'm
looking for, affordable and they look less silly than the Apple ear buds!So, I'm
not someone who knows how to be overly picky about sound quality, but these
sound really good and smooth to me, with a good amount of bass. I love the
portable charging case and how they magnetically snap in. They're comfortable
but don't feel like they'll fall out on a run (did some test jumping around,
lol). But the thing that Really gets me excited is how great of a connection
these maintain.
    The Pasonomi Bluetooth Earbuds fit perfectly in adult ears. I recommend them
for someone who is very active indoors or outdoors. I work in a Kitchen and the
Forest Service, these earbuds have never let me down. The Pasonomi Earbuds are
waterproof, so you don't have to worry about perspiration, steam, or rain. The
sound quality is in tier with Name Brand "wireless" headphones; as is noise
cancellation.The only downside of the Pasonomi Earbuds are the Battery life,
however, it doesn't take long for them to recharge.I definitely recommend 10/10
    These headphones are surprisingly comfortable. I usually use the wired
headphones that came with my iPad, but they actually make my ears sore. These
earbuds are a nice shape and dont make my ears sore at all. The fit is great.
The sound is really good too. I've watched videos at home, and used for a walk
on a busy street. Both times they were comfortable and great sound quality. My
husband wants a pair now too! He likes to run.
    Don’t let the price fool you.  I’ve had many more expensive pairs of ears
buds and these so far has out performed those, especially for the money.  And I
had one small issue that was my fault and Pasonomi worked with me to resolve the
problem.  Sounds is very good, and decently loud.  I can hear some background
noise at the gym but not like some others brands I have tried.  Controls work
very well after you use them some, little stiff and sensitive at first.
Charging case is awesome!!  Fit is light and comfortable.  In my opinion you
would have to spend 3 to 4 times the money to find a pair any better than these.
    Bought these on April 3, 2019, I was very surprised it arrived the next day.
These earbuds fit comfortably in my ears unlike other brands. Love how easily it
was to pair with my iPhone. The sound quality is very good and it didn’t fall
out while working out, which is great. I always read all the reviews and do my
research on things I buy. For the price I would say these are great.
    I would love to give this a five star rating, however, I'm on my second pair
where they just disconnect and reboot themselves in the middle of a
conversation.  I have not seen it done with listening to music but while on the
phone the earbuds we just reboot themselves and you have to wait till that
process complete before they reconnect. I do love that they fit in my ears
comfortably and they play sound through both earbuds simultaneously. Hoping they
workout
    I bought 2 other brands (with better ratings) before these and returned them
both because they just wouldn't stay in my ears. These are great! I regularly
run with them and NEVER have to adjust them once I put them in. They are also
smaller than the previous 2 brands, so it doesn't feel like something heavy is
awkwardly hanging out of your ear. Noise cancellation is great; I can't hear
anyone once they are in. The sound quality is great too, no hollow sound. The
touch button features (for pause, start, shuffle, etc...) can be a bit sensitive
if you brush against it, but that's my only complaint, these are great!
    These are nice. I really like not having a cord that gets snagged on
everything, these have good sound quality and are pretty convenient to have.
It’s pretty nice being able to charge my phone from their case while I’m on the
go. I had an issue with the first pair but the company proved to be reliable and
shipped me a new pair before I was even able to return the old ones.
    Sound quality was great! The earbuds arrived just in time. The only bad
thing I can say about them is that they don't work independently. I would like
to be able to charge one while using the other then alternate. You can use the
left one while charging the right one but if you try to charge the left one, the
right one shuts off.
    I was nervous at first to get a product brand I didn’t know, but in the end
I really loved these earbuds! For starters they are very easy to pair. Once they
are paired with your Bluetooth, they sync rather quickly. The sound quality is
great. I love the ability to listen to music while doing things around the
house, and not have to worry about wires getting in the way. I find other
Bluetooth headphones that have a connection wire in the back to be very
annoying, and these fit so perfectly. I have small ears, so I was a little
nervous, but they fit great. The battery life for me is great, especially since
I don’t really have them in for longer than a couple hours to clean around the
house, but the added bonus of the charging case is wonderful!!! Not to mention,
I have dogs that get into everything so having the case is extrememly helpful.
All in all this is a great product and would definitely recommend it.
    These earbuds work as advertised and are indeed waterproof. I use them most
days for my runs and they last between 3-4hrs before needing to recharge. My
first pair was working well for 9mths but then the left ear wouldn't charge for
some reason (I suspect it was because I should be cleaning these more than once
a week). However, I contacted customer service and was sent a new pair after
trying to clean both earbuds and charger. Very happy with this purchase.
    Very easy to pair. Came with 6 earpieces to adjust the size. Fits good in my
ear which has been an issue with 2 previous ear buds. Nice charging box that has
an additional USB port (I guess to charge your phone as well?). I didn't have to
charge very long when I first got them - so I'm thinking it has a good battery
life. Would definately recommend this product.
    They work super well so far, exactly as stated, and my best friend also has
a pair that he got a year ago that are still going strong for him as well. I
haven’t even used my beats in a while because these are so much more convenient
when I want something smaller. The sound quality is absolutely amazing, I
genuinely have no complaints so far.
    I'd previously had a cheaper earbud and thought I'd go up in price point to
see if I could find a product that 1) had better sound quality, and 2) had a
longer battery life. These turned out to be just ok.Though these earbuds were
better in sound quality and had a longer battery life, I encountered a problem I
had not anticipated.  I cannot seem to control them from the buds themselves, so
I can't pause. I have to pause from my phone, and that is not always convenient.
The infuriating thing is as soon as I pause it, it senses the phone and starts
to play again automatically. So frustrating! I think when I first got it, I left
the buds on my nightstand, and it played my music throughout the night. No
bueno!Sadly, I would not get these again.
    The earbuds I received had connection issues and once they were connected,
they kept cutting out.  Also, the sound quality was not as good as I was
expecting.  I attempted to contact customer support by email, but never received
a reply.  The "Guarantee Card" sent with these only has an email and Facebook
contact, no phone number.  There are better options out there for less money.  I
have started a return on these and purchased Elecitizon bluetooth earbuds
(highly rated on Amazon) and like them much better.  They do have wires
connected to a piece worn around the neck, but they are less expensive, sound
better, stay connected, and the battery lasts much longer on a single charge.
    I bought these 3 months ago.  They have very good sound quality and i was
very happy with them.  After 2-1/2 months, the bluetooth connectivity began to
be spotty.  With phone in my pocket, the earbuds cut out regularly to the point
that i have to hold the phone in my hand by my ear in order for them to work
without interruption.  I like these but not practical with the bluetooth
issue.Update;. Emailed customer service and they immediately responded with
technical support to reset earbuds.  They work great now.
    These earbuds were great right out of the box. Fully charged and ready to
go. They were easy to pair with each other and with my phone. Initial charge out
of the box lasted 3 hours with constant use. And then only took 1 hour to charge
again.I love the charger. It’s both a charger and a storage box all in one. I’m
forever losing earbuds so this concept should keep them safe.I do wish that they
got more range so I could walk further away from my phone while listening. Also
the sound could be a little crisper. But for the price, these are a great buy.
    I have held off buying bt earbuds, did some research before I decided on
these.I found them to be easy to setup and pair with my phone and soundbar. I
charged them the first day I received them, I'm on my fifth day and they are
still playing strong.The material is substantial and well made. The charging
cube is just the right size and easy to read. The buds also came with many
rubber covers.I strongly recommend these buds.........:)
    I love these bluetooth earbud so far. I use them to listen to music in the
office at work. The volume level is good and they stay in my ears well. My mom
used to tell me I had small ears and most other ear buds like to fall out. The
charging box holds a charge for a very long time and the earbuds charge fast. I
don't have to wait hours between charges to listen to music again. I'm not sure
how noise cancelling these really are, but they do block a significant amount of
sound when fitted correctly. Very happy with these!
    I have been looking for reliable headphones for a while. I have an Iphone
and these headphones pair perfectly every time! Extremely easy to operate and
recharge. The headphones notify me when they need to be recharged. I spend a lot
of time on the phone for work and I love to listen to music, that means the
headphones need to be comfortable and reliable. Look no further, get these and
live life on your terms.
    Overall, I generally liked these. They were comfortable and had pretty
reasonable sound quality. The microphone is almost useless, but I didn't buy it
for that. Unfortunately, these have the same issue pretty much all the bluetooth
earbuds I've tried have -- they work great until I get to the gym and then they
constantly cutout because so many other people have headsets too. Ended up
returning since the gym was my primary use case.
    These are a great set of bluetooth earbuds for the price. They're
comfortable, easy to use and look good. The only downside for me is the sound
quality which isn't the greatest, however for the price overall I'm happy with
these. I definitely recommend them.
    After buying them, for 5 days they were amazing. The sound quality was loud
in both buds including the base. Pairing one bud automatically connected to the
other leaving synchronized music playing. After two weeks, the pairing for buds
was difficult. I have an s9 which allows me to double pair, so I had to pair the
buds separatly. The sound went crazy meaning one bud would be loud then
sometimes it won't. Sometimes, the buds would fall out of snyc leaving the music
to play at different times. The charging dosen't take long for the buds, but it
took two hours for the case after two weeks.Overall, they're pretty good for 5
days, but it won't last. I had them for more than a month.
    They are better than the 200.00 Bose. I wanted something that had stereo
sound phone calls and after purchasing the BOSE, Sony, and JLab (all
$150.00-200.00) The Pasonomi were by far the best. And they were a pretty
reasonable price! I read all the reviews and it took a month to finally order
them because i just couldn’t make a decision. I was worried because they were
inexpensive- but the quality was better than i thought they would be.  The case
even has a usb plug so you can charge your phone from its battery.
    This is the best wireless earbud I have purchased this year and I purchased
many. The buds fit snugly in the ear and do not fall or move out a place no
matter the activity. I have a very active lifestyle and it's good to have a
earbud that fits securely, actually has nice cancellation properties, moisture
wicking properties and a decent battery life. Furthermore I can walk away from
my phone approximately 50 to 55 ft and i still have reception. The only issue I
would say I have with it is the touch sensitivity when it comes to pausing a
video by tapping the ear bud. Sometimes it sometimes it works perfectly other
times it doesnt. Could be moisture on my finger interfering with the sensor but
still not enough for me to dislike it. This is a definitely  a most buy.
    I am disappointed in these ear buds. First, they have approximately a 3 hour
battery life. The left unit stays in my ear, but, the right has been known to
fall out. I will be going back to the horse shoe bluetooth headset with
retractable earbuds, longer battery life and if one falls out, it is tethered.
    The headphones are good. Sound is great, battery is fantastic, and I live
the fact I can use them separately. The extra large battery for charging your
phone means that I rarely have to charge the case. I often use one headphone and
the. Swap it for the other when the battery gets low. With this cycle I can play
music all day with no interruption.To top it all off, their customer support
(through Facebook messenger) was fantastic. I had an insane in which the
headphones stopped pairing with each other. I could use each one separately, but
I could not use them in stereo. The customer service went above and beyond to
not only resolve he issue but make sure I was sattisfied.The only downside is
the call quality. It will definitely get by in a pinch, but I often have to hand
the call off to my phone as the person on the other side complains they can’t
hear me well.
    I am very happy with these earbuds I bought them for running and to connect
to my Samsung Fit 2 pro watch, and they work really well so I use them when not
running also. They were easy to pair and connect automatically when you remove
them from their case. The case has an internal battery that charges the earbuds
automatically. They are touch sensitive which works well to pause and skip
tracks. The only negative thing I can say about them is that the earphones are
not the absolute best in terms of sound quality, but they are quite good, better
sounding than most of the other earbuds (wired) I have tried.
    The earbuds seemed to have, for the most part, good reviews and I wasn't
interested in investing a lot of money in anything expensive so I went with
these. I work in a very loud environment and even with one earbud in, I can hear
my music well and it helps the night go by faster. However, there is absolutely
no bass so that was a killer for me. The pairing was easy to do but the battery
doesn't last very long before it needs to charge. They are decent if you are
looking for something as background noise but don't buy these if you're looking
for something amazing...you will be very disappointed.
    Very pleased with these headphones as I just bough my second pair for my
wife.  Reviews are very important when deciding between one product vs another.
I can say with confidence that these headphones perform exactly as described and
most importantly they stay snug in the ear while running, walking, or just
working around house.  Sound quality is great. The design of the charging case
is very convenient.  The best part for me was the price.
    Initially the headphone were the best! But not after using them for a few
months the issues arise. The headphone do not work unless you have the charging
box (base station) with you to relay the audio. Additionally the headphone would
randomly disconnect from the charging station and connect to you phone which
would either cut off calls or music on AUX in your car. After a few months of
usage I would not recommend this brand due to these two main issues.
    I bought this in April 2019, it’s February 2020 and one headphone no longer
works. Didn’t even last me a year and I actually didn’t even use them often
because I couldn’t use the microphone (poor quality and no one I talked to could
ever hear me right). They were nice because they were compact and came in a nice
case but in the not worth it
    They are good enough to bail on his JBL over-ear headset and my Skull Candy
over ear.  He previously lost a pair of expensive Samsung earbuds and tons of
cheap knockoffs that are wired together but Bluetooth.  I initially tried to
replace mine with jbuds version and found tons of issues with those.  Should
have re-ordered these and we'd have two to share.The battery with USB port in
case helps him charge his phone without carrying another battery.
    I researched several options for truly wireless earbuds off and on over
several weeks and finally decided on Pasonomi.  I am very pleased with my
decision.  I think that if you set your expectations accordingly you will find
that these earbuds are very good.  You can not expect the fullness of sound and
bass that larger earphones would provide nor the crystal clear phone calls that
earphones with a microphone located near your mouth might provide.I bought these
for hands free phone calls, travelling, yard work and for the gym.  They have
performed well in all applications.  Music sound is good, I can hear people
clearly on phone calls and the person on the other line can hear me clearly with
the quality being similar to using my bluetooth in my car.  They stay secure
while working in the yard and in the gym.  Even better, I barely notice them
during workouts.They do not cancel all of the noise from a loud airplane, but I
didn't expect them to perform in this way.I would definitely buy them again and
recommend them to my friends.
    These headphones are very annoying to wear because the right earbud always
cuts out.  Rarely will it work well so most of the time you have to listen to
only the left earbud.  It's a shame because the design is pretty decent.  They
don't stay in my ears very well, but I don't do much physical activity so
usually I can find a sweet spot it just takes a little  bit.  The  battery is
very good, and I love the concept of  the USB port on the case.  I have a friend
who has these headphones  and  he also has an issue with the right earbud coming
in and out of signal.  If you can increase the transmit power of the left earbud
(I'm assuming this is the master earbud) then these headphones would be a very
good purchase, but as this is not the case, it's a waste of money.  If it's
possible to implement a technology where the sound quality of both buds
decreases if the signal isn't good enough instead of completely cutting the
audio signal to the right bud, that would be much better.
    that product is freak hot, working excellent, special like driing, if you
want to listen to drive, and not distract u , shose this one .also this come
weih small boxes and charge  your ear buds. also is easy to set upto use . and
the most important thing for me the qulity of the sound like cystal and strong
suoporting bass sound, also is easier to use to music. i am really haapy to get
this one , is worh it to get this product more ,and their brand.
    Customer service worked with me, My initial pair had some issues.
    I have had my ear-buds for a week now and would like to share my
thoughts.First right out of the charger they were by far the easiest to pair
with my iWatch.  Took them out of the charger, they immediatly paired with each
other, looked them up on my Bluetooth and paired with no delay.  Now when I take
them out of the charger they immediatly pair with my iWatch!  They hold thier
charge thourgh out my 2 hour workout.  They periodically drop but pair right
back up.  They have held up wuite well with as much as i sweat (which is a
ton!!)  My only wish is that they had more bass but still a great buy!!
    I love these earbuds. This is my first pair of wireless earbuds and they are
good. I actually bought 2 pairs and tested them out both but I ended up
returning th others and keeping these. I love the snug fit. The sound quality is
good and the are for sure waterproof. I already dropped my by accident in the
sink and they are working just fine.
    No real complaints about the headphones. I like how you can connect to one
headphone at a time, which is great if two people want to use only one at the
same time. I wish the battery life is longer, but the charge time is fast and
you get multiple charges from the base without having to recharge the base
itself. Overall I'm happy with my purchase.
    Ordered two pair for my wife and I to run in.  They're not comfortable, the
sound is horrendous and they're poorly made.  I returned both pair after trying
to run in them.  There is zero bass, they sound AWFUL.  Do not buy.  I went
ahead and decided to get Jabra's which were more expensive but sound incredible
and you can control the EQ and pass through.  Buy the Jabra Elites, even if you
buy them used the half the price.  Don't buy these turds.
    I bought these headphones two months ago. They were great at first, but now
they glitch and cut out a lot. It doesn't happen all the time, but I'd say about
40% of the time. Sometimes it happens right when they turn on, or it happens
after I've been listening for a while. I really like them otherwise, but it's
frustrating when I can't catch half of the song or audiobook that I'm trying to
listen to. Usually, I listen to music when I'm frustrated and need a break from
the outside world. It doesn't really work when I can't actually listen to music.
I'll probably buy new headphones from a different company because these weren't
worth my money.
    The Pasonomi Bluetooth Wireless Earbuds fit my ears nicely.  They are easy
to carry, easy to charge and the battery life seems real good.  The sound
quality is not as good as expensive over the ear earphones, however I had no
expectations that they would be.  They are very adequate for my everyday
listening.  I have uploaded a bunch of music and listen to it a lot with these
new earbuds.  I am very happy with them.
    I have to update this review, Customer service send me an email and replace
the defective unit at not cost (even though it was after the 30 days). Thank you
Pasonami... I'm impressed. ... (the following is my Original review) only used
the earbuds for a couple of times while doing some weight training and there
were OK, but then about week ago I decided to use them while jogging and walking
and sound was cutting off all the time, I tried to unpair and pair again and
again and finalize a realize maybe I just had a bad set. Unfortunately my window
to returned them closed 4 days ago. (my mistake I thought I had an other week).
I guess not all of them are going to be good and I have to track my purchase
date better in the future. In the mean time I'll keep them and be as immobile as
I can while I'm listening to them.
    Love these, these are awesome but unfortunately I lost one of the ear buds
when I was out for a run 🙁 is there a way I could get a replacement of the one I
lost?Edit*I emailed them and got a replacement sent to me😁 but I don't know how
to sync them together, they aren't synced together and play a millisecond apart
from each other.Edit **Ok went to their Facebook page and found out how to sync
them 😁
    Good- Great sound quality; excellent base for wireless headphones.- Once you
install the right rubber tip, the headphones will not fall out. I use them to
workout frequently and have never had a problem.- Reasonable price.Bad- VERY
serious connectivity issues. I work in a central business district surrounded by
tall buildings, subways, and lots of people. When walking around near my office,
or anywhere that matches the characteristics described in the last sentence, the
headphones are unusable. I spoke to customer service, and they informed me that
this was a common problem. Once I'm back inside my office and at my desk, the
connection is great. But this is a big problem.- Battery life is pretty short;
between 3-4 hoursOverall: if you don't live or work in a major city, these might
be a good option for you. Otherwise, I would look into other companies.
    I purchased these earbuds about 10 months ago, and have enjoyed them
tremendously.  The sound quality is great, and i use them one bud at a time to
listen to news, podcasts, music etc.  When the battery in the bud i'm using gets
low, I swap, and since they charge faster than they're depleted, i'm never
without a working earbud throughout the day.  I use them for everything -
running, hiking, working around the house and phone calls. They're super
comfortable.  Now here's the kicker - about a week ago, i had a problem with one
of the buds, and so i contacted the company.  Pasonomi contacted me within a
day, sent me clear diagnostic instructions, and totally took care of me.  This a
well priced product that works exactly as advertised, and has super customer
support to back it up.  HIGHLY recommended!
    These are great headphones for working out.  They stay in the ear easily and
sound is good.  Bass is fine if it is really in your ear, but I do find the come
out loose enough that I don't experience the bass feel that well.The charging
case is awesome and I rarely hit the battery limit while using them. Granted, I
don't used them for long sessions, but for working out, watching a show, they
are fine.Lost one of them and immediately bought another pair.  Worth the price.
    So far, my first impression of these is very positive. Right out of the box
they come charged (or at least mine did) so you can jump right into using them.
Pairing them was almost instantaneous. You can pair them to your phone, and PC
which is what I did and they worked great! The design is solid, they feel strong
and the quality is excellent. I also went for a run and they did stay in place
and I did not have to adjust them at all. The instructions are clear and the
product description on the pamphlet is clear and lets you know what to expect. I
bought these for listening to music and that's it. So from that standpoint, I
say if you are looking at these and want something specifically for listening to
music, go for it.
    I purchased these for my husband and just like my previous pair, they are
great 👍🏻  I can use several times before I have to charge, they sound great and
come with several sizes of cushions to make sure you get a great fit. Mine are
still going strong! I would recommend these to anyone who doesn't want to spend
an ton to get a good set!
    The sound quality is excellent.  The form of these earbuds are such that it
is quick and easy to get a complete seal in your ear canal and they stay
securely in place.  Because of this easy fit, background noise is suppressed
quite well.  Iuse then almost daily and charge them only once a month.
    Absolutely love this ear buds. Super simple to use, stay in well, connect
everytime.I give it 4 stars because I've been using them consistently since
Christmas and sadly the right earbud is going out. The sound is very very quiet
from that bud and I cannot for the life of me figure out a way to fix it. I
would love some support.
    Overall it’s not bad but when I answer a call the person always says they
can’t hear me and I sound muffled. I got them so I wouldn’t have to take the
earbuds so it’s hard to give it a 5 star. If you only use it to listen to music
or watch a show it sounds great. Even jogging was good but I don’t like the
muffled problem.
    First, the battery life for this pairs of earbuds is really impressive. I
use it mostly for the gym, so the play time was sufficient, and I usually only
have to charge it once a week. It connects easily with my Huawei and stay
connected without getting dropped. The build quality of this headset is also
superb, very solid and elegant. Next is the sound quality, it sounds incredibly
nice and crisp. I have not attempt to test out the waterproof capability yet,
but as for water resistance (sweat) it did a very nice job.
    I really tried giving the benefit of the doubt and ordered despite bad
reviews. Low and behold... only after 2 months the right bud has stopped
working. Charge also not holding more than 2 hours. Too late to return but at
least I can save you the money. Don't buy these!!
    As many other reviewers have posted, the quality of these are amazing. I was
pleasantly surprised when I first used them. I was a bit worried about not
having something to loop around the ear to keep them in place but that hasn't
been an issue.I mainly use them while at the gym or when I'm out and
about.Having the portable charging case is a nice value add. I've had them for a
little over 2 weeks and haven't needed to recharge the case. I'm very happy with
my purchase and would highly recommend these.
    I do not advise anybody to buy this item! I purchase X9 wireless earbuds and
have had nothing but problems since I went through the company and they sent me
a second pair and the same exact thing happened to the second pair that happened
to the first pair after a while the volume goes all the way down you cannot hear
the person you're talking to on the phone and you can barely hear the music it
does not allow you to turn the volume up something is wrong with this device and
they don't fix it they just keep sending you Replacements but when your year is
up they don't send you another replacement you just get stuck with garbage
    Actually I have no clue about battery life, the set I received was not of
good quality. Found sucked, connecting to my iPhone was a crapshoot, it always
had to be paired up to my phone like it was the first time used. I might have
been the exception and these are actually great but that was clearly not the
case in the pair I had. Simply put, don't waste your money
    **Update~ dead earbud suddenly started working again. I have no idea why it
decided to take a charge again. Weird.Well these were awesome while they lasted.
Great sound quality, good outside noise cancellation, love wireless! But,
unfortunately, after only 4 months the right earbud is dead and won't charge;
and this was only with occasional use. Never dropped, never rough with them. I
put the earbud in the case to charge, the case says it's charging but the earbud
doesn't. After what I paid for them I am extremely disappointed. Thought they
would last longer than the ever-disposable wired ones. Guess not.
    I love these bluetooth headphones! They charge up quickly, and I love that
the case can be used as a backup charger for my phone. I also love the sound
quality. My husband even took them to work, and said they were great. They hold
charge pretty well. I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking to go
wireless.
    These may not have the best sound quality, compared to much more expensive
ones, but for the price they are really nice. I bought two sets for the price of
one, more expensive one. I use them for working out and the charge lasted a long
time. They paired easily to my phone and fit nice in the ears. I think the case
helps keep them charged. I do wish I can figure out how I am turning them off
once in a while. I think there is a capacitive touch button on an ear piece,
couldn't find this feature in the instructions.
    I bought these for my boyfriend for his birthday to run in. He was tired of
having cords bouncing around his shoulders. I was nervous to buy him these at
first, afraid he would lose them, but he loves them. He says they fit in his ear
perfectly and never move, and very easy to use!
    My parents recently got an interest in wireless earphones, and I chose to
get these pairs. Once we received them and tested it out, I can affirm that
these are superb. I use to own another company's wireless earbuds, and although
the sound quality was good, it hurt to wear them because they didn't fit snug;
however, Pasonomi's earbuds are fantastic. They fit snug right into your ears.
They have great audio quality along with comprehensive instruments. I recommend
this product.
    For my purposes, this was a great purchase. Inexpensive, battery lasts
forever, fit well and when operating, absolutely pleasant experience. When I
have had a few issues, I emailed customer service and they were terrific.
Responsive, clear. I'm a big fan.If I had complaints, they are not super
intuitive. Part of it is user error for sure. This is new tech and I'm not a
patient man. Each type of blinking light means something different. They do not
always automatically sync to each other. So I need to read the directions and/or
email customer service, set up the buds again.Overall, this was a terrific
option for me and I am very satisfied.
    These headphone will pause music if there is an *EXTREME* breeze. The tap-
touch feature is great otherwise. However the inability to function in the wind
makes me rate these 4/5?Tried to turn them off and on a few times and they are
still sensitive tho not as bad, however in extreme wind these don't stay on.
    These headphones won't stay at equal volumes.  I thought at first that maybe
I needed to clean them, but after gently wiping the ear buds with rubbing
alcohol and ensuring that the alcohol didn't make it into any of the internals,
the volume still won't equalize in the right ear.  Also, there ear bud coverings
are extremely slippery.  I can't go running more than about 5 minutes without
having to constantly adjust them.  The only decent thing is that if they sit in
your ears properly you get pretty good noise cancellation.  Quite frankly I'm
most upset that the issues started occurring in the second month after purchase,
making it fall outside of the return policy for Amazon.
    I have been in the market for some Bluetooth headphones for a while and I'm
glad I received these for my birthday. I wanted them to use while running a good
distance. These head phones were perfect. They were loud enough and cancelled
out the gym music that is usually blaring. They also never fell out of my ear at
all. The little box it comes in is nice. It tells you how charged the head
phones are while also charging them if they need it.  I never had any issues
connecting the headphines to each other or my phobe. It was always very easy to
do. All in all i was very satisfied with this product and would definitely
recommend. Great quality for the price.
    These earbuds are perfect for those of us with work stations that have a lot
going on. I was so tired of wires getting caught in my work or the dreaded
moment when you forget you have them on and get up, thus pulling the cord and
computer/phone with you. These eliminate those issues and sound great. I can now
walk around my office freely. The battery life is great so far and I've had no
issues pairing them with bluetooth on any devices.
    Honestly, I’m disappointed.They fit EXCELLENTLY, and the sound quality is
good.The battery life? Complete joke. I barely get 1.5 hrs out of it before it
just turns off by itself.1.5 hours? Really? (It had been charging the entire
night). Buy another product with better battery life.Update one the battery: I
guess what happened was a fluke. I’ve been using them ever since and the battery
life is phenomenal.I love them!
    After reading the reviews decided to purchase this earbud and I'm glad I
did. They are a perfect fit,  stay in place and the sound is fantastic. I was
very impressed with the sound quality of the phone calls because some people had
mentioned they were not that great. I have an Andriod phone and the clarity on
the calls was great.  I' will purchase this product again and for sure these
will make great gifts for our entire family.
    This is my first pair of wireless earbuds that I use for commuting between
work and so far, I'm satisfy with the product.Pros:Good overall sound
qualityEase of useGood battery life (3 hour commute between work)Magnetic
charging case which keeps your earbuds fully chargedReasonable priceCons:Audio
dropped at the same deadspot and it's fine everywhere elsePoor voice call
qualityBass is a little weak
    As a long distance walker with small ear canals, I have a hard time finding
good ear buds that last. These were about attempt. While after hour 1 I was
impressed with how they stayed in and did not hurt my ears. Thought that I
finally find a pair to last. Until they shut off on hour 2. So much for 4 hour
charge. I'll give them another full charge and change my review of they last
longer for my next big walk.After about a month, I never got more than a two
hour charge and as of today, the right one quit working. At least I can still
use the left since it is the controlling bud.  Won't buy again.
    After my other ear buds got stolen from the gym, i quickly turned to these
as a suggestion from a friend. Def not disappointed... sound is fantastic, and
loud enough to drown out any mild background noise. The case doubles as a charge
pack... also pairing was a breeze.As soon as you take it out the case it’s ready
to pair on the Bluetooth menu. Any time after that it auto pairs with my
iphone8.
    The right earbud stopped working right. You can still hear sound but it is
so muted that if your walking, it’s too much noise to hear.  I can tell that the
left side is starting to get quieter too.They also don’t connect to each other
anymore. They pair separately to my phone and will not play music at the same
time. They act like two completely different devices.July-3-2019EDIT: the
company reached out to me and sent me a replacement set of earbuds.  I am still
testing them out and I will update in a month or two.
    My experience with this earbud was excellent.  They fit in my ear very well,
they pair with my device fast and I can roam into my apartment away from the TV
that I have connected with even in another  room .  The sound in difinitly
better than older Bluetooth devices that I had.  Occasionally,  I give my wife
one ear bud and I use the other so we can both listen to the same audio.
Overall I am a satisfied customer.
    These are the best wireless earbuds that I've ever had. I'm a fighter and
never have I had a pair that would stay in my ear during some of my workouts
until these. So I accidentally left one in my pocket and threw my pants in the
washing machine and then throw them in the dryer after I was done washing and
drying them LOL they blink red for a little bit then stopped working for an hour
now they're good as new these things are tough little suckers along with the
perfect fit in my ear,blocks out noise,great quality sound, fast connectivity,
easy touch control, and I love that they are waterproof and I definitely tested
that out. I think the only reason they didn't work for an hour was because they
were overheated by the dryer. Should have called the tough stuff. Charging case
is a plus also
    These earbuds are incredible! It shipped to me on time. In the box comes
with a small instruction manual, which makes setting up and pairing to my iPhone
or computer very easily! The sound of the earbuds are great! I only need a
couple bars before it gets really loud. It also comes with multiple ear pieces
but the ones that are originally on fit perfectly! Such easy set up, great
value, I am very happy with this and I would recommend it to anyone looking for
blue-tooth earbuds for such a great price!
    I’m on my second pair after the first was replaced under warranty (would not
charge).While the battery is great and audio is good, I do not recommend these
for anyone that sweats, may use them in the rain, or wears a hood.The controls
on the ear piece are sensitive to moisture and the moment they get wet your
audio will pause, decrease in volume, decrease in volume, make a phone call, or
start Siri.I just finished wearing them for an hour and stopped my workout at
least 10 times to dry them and pull out my phone to fix the audio.I’m replacing
them with earbuds that have physical buttons.
    Bad: sometimes the sound 'shifts' (like when your ears pop).Good: Battery
life/charger is perfect for flying. Stays in my ears when I jog. For phone
calls, I recommend that you take them indoors.Works like new and it's been over
a year.4 stars on noice canceling because they are earbuds.Your product is too
good for fake reviews: stop it.
    They can be a little hard to get both to pair at the same time, the battery
life isn't anything mind blowing (I get about 4 hours on each bud), the case
they come in is nice enough (and it serves as an on the go battery back up for
your phone or other gadgets).The rubber tips are made in a way I've never seen
them made before. They're like half tips or something. I use the biggest ones
they provided and they seem to fit alright. That's my biggest complaint outside
of the pairing.
    I'm new to wireless earbuds and can be technically challenged at times. Some
of the reviews mentioned having some difficulty with the manual. I did not!
These earbuds charged and paired easily with my android. The magnetic charging
system is plus. The fit was great. I have used them for three days now for my
walks and held the charge. They now pair automatically with my phone and
disconnect when out of ears. The only negative is that they did not work great
for phone calls but I'm using for exercising and music. Great product and would
recommend for runners without a hefty price tag!
    Nice buds. Sound quality is good and a comfortable fit. Just wish they had
some sort of volume control on the actual earbuds. Other than that I think they
are an excellent value. The USB port on the portable case is a nice touch. In a
pinch, you can charge your phone with it. A USB-C version would be nice to have
too.
    I was looking for a Bluetooth headphones option, that did not cost an arm
and a leg, and the amount of different brands and types can be overwhelming.
These headphones are actually good, first the charging case is a bonus, not
having to worry about carrying around a cable, the charge status lights lets you
know how much charge is left on the headset and case. Sound quality is good, and
the ability to control the headset just by touching the ear piece is key. One
thing I really like is the ability to use it as a single piece or as a set, it
sits comfortably in my ear, even while working out. All in all I believe it was
a good purchase, especially with the amount of similar brands out there.
    I bought these earbuds back in June of 2019. Since then I have been through
2 sets ( they were kind enough to send me a replacement set after the first pair
crapped out). They were solid at first but took a nose dive on both occasions,
the second pair even more so. One day they are fine and then the next not. What
I mean is that they were holding charge up to 3 hours then dwindled down to 1
1/2 hours over a week. The case needs charging every day and a half after not
needing it for two weeks! Major problems here...there are other issues as well.
But if you want to waste money, buy these. Disappointing...
    This set is fantastic. Great fit, good sound and versatile.You can connect
either one singlely or wear both at the same time. I often use just one whole at
work and can swap one for the other when the battery gets low.The case holds a
charge for several days (weeks), and charges the earbuds repeatedly. I've
charged the case once since purchasing it.Love them!
    I was kinda disappointed in the results after wearing these headphones for
about a week. For some reason one of the headphone after every use just seemed
like it was getting lower and hard to hear out off than after a while the other
one started to do the same. No they weren’t dirty , dropped, or washed out, they
just started to “lose steam” i guess I would say . So I returned them. It’s
crazy cause I would’ve recommended them AT FIRST but after they started doing
the same thing wired headphones do. I don’t exactly know anymore
    I’m a self proclaimed audiophile, but that is not why I bought these. I
bought them for overall convenience. However, the bang for your buck is great.
Reasons why I love these earbuds(along with a few downsides):- Battery life is
unbelievable. The charger was 100% on arrival and I haven’t charged since.- The
shape of the actual speaker fits my ear well.- Audio quality is good.- The set
comes with a multitude of different rubber bud options for different size ear
canals, unfortunately none of them fit mine perfectly. They don’t fall out and
audio is still good, but can’t get the perfect seal.Overall, I’m very satisfied.
    Have had this for a year now. Works perfect. Have dropped it a couple of
times, but still going strong. The charging case will give your phone a decent
50% charge, but then you compromise on the battery life for the buds itself.
Have used it in the shower a couple of times, works fine till you remove it.
After ears are wet, doesn't stick, but that is fair enough. Has a good battery
life, I am not a big into bass and stuff, just need to listen to music when
traveling/working out and does a perfect job for that. Sounds pretty good to me.
Overall great product for the price and would 100% purchase again.
    Update: Changed from 2 stars to 5 stars.  First of all, customer service is
awesome.  The seller really wants your business.  They will do whatever it takes
to ensure that you are satisfied with their products.  After the original review
regarding to their Bluetooth device, they sent me a new one, and even offer a
refund (which I declined). The new Bluetooth device which was sent to me works
perfectly.  I'm totally satisfied with this product as well as their persistent
customer service.Original Review:Good for listening to music and watching movies
but not a very good Bluetooth device for conversing.  You can hear it very
clearly but you pretty much have to shout for the other end (recipient) to hear.
    I bought these headphones after accidentally leaving mine in my pocket and
running it in the washing machine! I like that these were affordable and get the
job done. Good value for a good price. They don’t quiet cancel out the noise as
well as other brands I’ve had, but I use them just fine on my morning commute
and at the gym. For such an affordable price, it’s worth the investment.
    Most products claim that they are waterproof and end up not living up to the
consumers expectations. This product is ACTUALLY waterproof. The sound quality
and noise canceling features are good. I love the sleek design. They pair
quickly to my iPhone and stay connected. I will be purchasing another pair!
    UPDATE: 7/2019 - someone from support reaches out to me and sent a
replacement set. So far so good with the replacement it has been a few weeks and
no issues at the gym. The other set I had would fluctuate in volume and this one
does not have that issue. Hopefully I just had a defective product
previously.UPDATE: 4 months in and the left earbud is very quiet compared to the
right.  Seems like it’s defective. I see other reviews indicating the same
thing. Buyer beware.These headphones work very well for the price. I use them to
listen to the radio while doing chores around the house. I have also used them
on a flight and they are not noise cancelling, but the audio was clear. For the
price you cannot beat them.Battery tends to go within about 3 hours but that’s
more than enough for most situations.
    Bought a lower priced one from a different manufacturer and had to return.
This one is easy to pair & set-up and the sound is great. It comes with a nice
charging case and different sized ear inserts. If you are traveling and have ear
piercing young kids screaming on that long road trip than these are the earbuds
for you!!
    I really wanted to like this product.  Amazingly, everything I was worried
about seemed to work great once I got these headphones.  They're pretty easy to
use, they fit well, and I thought the sound quality was good.However, I
discovered that once you walk outside, the right ear piece will either cut out
completely or cut in and out sporadically.  I know that the left earbud is the
primary piece, so my theory is that once you're outside there are no walls for
the signal to bounce off and therefore the right earbud is no longer able to
receive any signal from the left.This is so disappointing because if any of the
other issues were the problem here, I could rate this as a 3 or a 4 star
product, but since these fail to work just as headphones, I had to return
them.If you're going to be using these primarily or completely indoors, this
might be a great product for you.  However, they're not great for outdoor
use.Edit: I've changed my rating from 2 stars to 1 star.  This company will
completely spam your email if you leave an unfavorable review.
    CONS1) You can't have one earbud charge while using the other, which is one
of the features I expected from the reviews. If you are charging one earbud, the
other disconnects and can't be used.2) If you move your device rapidly, it can
cause annoying disruptions in connections. I discovered this the first time I
went walking, and I was holding my phone in my hand. When I swung my arms (and
so moved the phone), the connection kept skipping. But when I just kept the
phone in my pocket, or held it still, it wouldn't skip.3) The case is a bit
bulky.PROS1) They pair quickly and easily.2) The one-touch-to-pause, two-
touches-to-skip, is effective and cool.
    I bought a cheaper pair similar to these and HATED them. So I was nervous to
spend the money on these. I can say these were well worth it! Sound quality is
awesome! Noise cancellation is what you'd expect from ear buds. These last
through a 2 hour workout, so I'd say the battery life is good. I havent had them
die on me yet. Good value!
    Garbage buy, wish I had never got them.-able to use 1 headphone at a time,
but ONLY the left ear..-if you use a single bud, you'll have to resync both
buds, everytime.-sync is hit or miss. I spend my 5 min warm up walk at the gym
trying to sync them together again. EVERYTIME.-"Battery low" notification starts
right before it shuts down. A little more heads up would be nice.-memory is
smaller than it suggests.-buds fall out (more my problem with the bud molds)BUT
HEYNoise cancelling is on pointVolume is awesomeBattery life/recharge time is
great.
    My wife and I each bought a pair of these. I have tried several other
headphones but these worked the best for me. I have super small ears and most
headphones hurt after 20 mins of wearing them. These do not hurt because you can
swap the tips with the right size of included tips. Sound quality was decent for
the price and they have nice features such as tapping them to pause music
etc...only had them for less than a week but so far no complaints. My wife loves
hers too. Hopefully they hold up well.
    I was a little dubious at first, but I have to say, these earbuds are nice!
They can definitely handle sweat, and they don't fall out of your ear, which was
what really concerned me since they aren't attached to a wire. They fit in the
ear very well. I have hearing aids, but they both fit in the outer part of my
ear canals. The sound quality is great! It's not absolutely perfect, but given
all of the other great things they have to offer, it didn't bother me one bit.
The battery life is exactly what they say it is, which isn't super long compared
to other earbuds. But the case allows them to recharge quickly, and I'm able to
listen to music and podcasts without worrying about battery life at all. I'm so
glad I purchased these. Best earbuds I've ever owned!
    Great headphones for workout... it really stays put and actually it comes
with a series of rubber covers just in case, so it's not one size fits all. The
quality of sound is good and although there's no buttons on the earbuds itself,
with a simple tapping u can perform some tasks such as pause. The only downside
is the battery life.. It only last for about 2/2.5 hours..eventually u must put
them back in the box to charge although they charge fast. I used mostly in the
beach so far, so whenever I was gone for a swim I put them back in the box to
keep the battery going.
    Even thou this was the unbranded headset but the Bluetooth was nice. Fit in
the ear very comfortably, sound was a blast lot of bass. The only thing I think
it need it need to improve is to make the case a little bit smaller, even the
case comes it with has like 2200mAH power bank to charge your phone. Overall
this is a good product and i hope it will last like the branded bluetooth
headset.
    The earbuds came with everything you need. The case seems durable and the
earbuds themselves fit great!  They’re easy to run with and don’t fall out and
they’re comfortable. They seem to hold a decent battery life so far. I paired
them with my iPhone with no problem. All the descriptions seem on point with
what this comes with. Highly recommend if you wanna watch movies or listen to
music from your phone.
    Pros:Light weight, fast recharge, stylishCons:Not great battery life,
Bluetooth connection problem (outside and in public, the connection goes
on/off), the base can't recharge my phone (Galaxy S9), even 30 %!Update, after a
few months and less than 20 times use, bow the battery dies in less than 1 Hr.
    The first pair didn't work at all and immediately they sent me a
replacement.  Well, after 4 months the new pair quit charging. I would just
avoid this seller.THIRD REVIEW: My first pair didn't work as it should, but
customer service did everything they could to make up for the product.  Only con
I see now is the battery life isn't long, but not a huge problem since they
charge pretty fast when plugged back into the battery pack.
    I wanted completely wireless earbuds with great sound and great battery life
and these earbuds are exactly that. They're also waterproof which is great
because I can listen to music in the shower without disturbing anyone. The only
and very minor problem is that the buttons are extremely sensitive to touch so
they can pause if the water hits the earbud directly. Otherwise I am very
satisfied with these
    I am very impressed with these ear buds.  I bought these, to listen to
podcasts while working and not have to worry about wires getting in my way.These
have very crisp sound, and the bluetooth stays connected up to 20ft away from my
phone ( which is great considering my phone is always in pocket).I also never
thought about these being a headset when I bought them, but I got a phone call
today and went to turn off my podcast by pressing the button on the earbud and
ended up answering the call by accident and I was able to a perfectly normal
conversation with my phone in my pocket.I am very happy with the quality of this
product and the price is great.
    The earbuds are out of sync a bit that makes the sound come like an echo of
sorts and gave me a headache.The touch sensors for the control were easy to
figure out but sometimes they wouldn't take the anticipated action like pausing
a song or moving to the next song. While trying to pause song, they will
interpret the action as trying to redial the last call on the phone.
    The sound quality was great. They connected easily to my phone. I even used
in the rain with no issues. The fit was perfect with the rubber ear pieces on it
but I appreciated that there were several other sizes included as occasionally
by children borrow my headphones. The charging is convenient since you can
charge the case to take with you to charge the headphones.Overall the product
far exceeded my expectations, especially for the price.
    I have enjoyed these ear buds for over a month now. I use them every day for
about an hour and didn't charge the case for over a month. I do have the issue
others have written about with the left bud cutting in and out but it's not a
daily occurrence and for the price, I will deal with it. The sound on these is
fine for my purpose and I don't have anything negative to say. I highly
recommend them!
    I absolutely love these earphones! Got a pair for my husband for Christmas
and he uses them 24/7, so I wanted a pair for myself since they were such a huge
hit 😉 I use them when cleaning around the house and when walking my kiddos to
school when I have the stroller. Sound quality is great and they fit comfortably
after messing around with the ear piece sizes for a minute. Haven’t tried them
in the shower yet, but they Have survived two splashing toddlers during bath
time. I wear one piece in case a call comes in and my hands are too wet or soapy
to answer the phone. Definitely recommend!!
    The first pair I bought had a problem  that when you speak on phone the
opposite person couldnt hear. However they changed the ear buds saying that they
updated their product but the new one also had the same problem.. Now I am just
using to listen to music.... Pretty expensive .... DO NOT BUY
    I absolutely love that I can use one earbud at a time. Case charges the
earbud. I like that it unnoticeable. It’s is great for work and I am a
receptionist. The case charges for so long that it catches me off guard when it
needs charging.
    Great set of earbuds if you don't want to pay for the name brand
competition. I have a pair of Galaxy Buds that I purchased after buying these
and I have to say that the sound quality is on par with my galaxy buds. The only
reason I ended up buying the Galaxy buds was because I got a really good deal
from a friend and also I didn't like the fact that you couldn't choose which
earbud you wanted to use separately like you can with the Galaxy Buds. If the
company that makes these could implement that on these earbuds they would give
Samsung some serious competition.
    I have tried few other earbuds so far and this is the best among everything
else that I have ever purchased. I could see much better quality in mic
comparatively. I didn’t see issues with ear speakers at all in any of the
products that I used so far but I noticed the mic will have less receipting
quality in some of them. But this one is very good. Battery life is good and it
comes with great charging case with nice led indicators. It’s easy to pair and
both channels are syncing nicely and quickly.
    I have had those earbuds for a week and I LOVE THEM.  So far so good.  The
most important for me was the fit in the ear and to wear something that did not
bother my sensible ears.  I run and having a snug fit is important.  All of that
was achieved while maintaining a very good sound quality.  I can't praise the
product enough.I have also received prompt customer support via email when I
initially had set up questions.  That raises my level of comfort significantly.
Looking forward to use it for a long time.
    After Buying these earbuds, I must say, have been one of the best purchases
I have ever made on Amazon. Fit effortlessly and comfortably in both my ears,
the design and feel of these are not cheap at all.1) Each bud last about 3
hours2) Can use together OR individually which was exactly what I wanted to make
sure was the case. Instantly connects to phone via Bluetooth after you pair EACH
EARBUD (Left & Right respectively)3) The power bank case has been the biggest
surprise since any bank I have ever owned has never lived up to its
manufacturers claims. I have only charged the case once since I got it as it
still has over half its juice left after many times of switching and charging
each earbud (about 3 times per shift which is better than expected)
    These earbuds surprised me!! Superb sound quality, long battery life, easy
to use and comfortable to wear! Can’t say enough good things about them. My
husband even informed me that there is no background noise heard when utilizing
these earbuds on a phone call. Highly recommend you give these a try.  My
husband even informed me that there is no background noise heard when utilizing
these earbuds on a phone call. Highly recommend you give these a try
    Just got them today.  I received them early.  Really love the case it comes
in. It’s magnetic which is a nice feature. The charger looks like an android
charger, it comes with extra soft pear pieces for the buds a plus there.  Also,
they came with a pouch for the case . Haven’t had a chance to use them yet but
so far as esthetics goes I’m liking them so far.
    When they worked the sound was just OK. . They broke after 2 months. A piece
fell out of the left earbud and made them unusable. The left ear was way too
loud. I tried to return them because they should have a 1 year warranty but I
had issues with that. Beware.
    These are great! They come charged. I used them almost nonstop for 14 days
before I had to charge the box. The sound quality is superb. And if I had them
up loader the noise cancellation is great. Well worth the cost. Will be
purchasing as gifts for teenagers this Christmas.
    I bought these headphones back in January. They lasted up till about a week
ago. I used them everywhere, to work, to the gym, in school, everywhere. They
sound is fairly good if you just want to listen to music while you do other
stuff. The headphones last around 4-5 hours without charge. Overall amazing.Tip
for anyone trying to use the warranty, do not bother. I spent the last 2hrs or
so calling people/messaging support/making a claim. At this point I just
consider it a loss and will buy it again.Amazing headphones, bad protection
service.
    I was skeptical about using wireless earbuds because sometimes regular buds
with cords don't fit well enough to begin with and fall out. THESE STAY IN!!!
There are several different sizes of attachments to change to for sizing help if
needed.The sound quality is great!! I used these while on a motorcycle ride and
I could listen to what I wanted and my husband could listen to something else on
his stereo. No problems with amount of volume. Sound adjustments, such as bass
and trebile can be made thru your phone or other connectable deviceThe
directions are understandable but it's obvious that they are not translated well
regarding grammar but the needed info is still there.
    I was highly disappointed with the sound quality of these earbuds,  no
bottom end ,(bass), whether wearing one or both buds, while on a phone call I
had to tell to be heard nor could I hear the other party unless I was inside in
a quiet room, but poor sound quality. Purchase was made to utilize while on a
long flight to watch movies and video calls. I'm afraid to test the water
resistance at least I can listen/talk while in a quiet room.
    The sound was great when I turned it on. I am very familiar with these
things and actually have a similar product. Mine keeps cutting in and out with
my phone right in front of me. Maybe I got a defective product but hope these
issues can be fixed because I always thought this was an awesome product till My
Wife gifted me one this weekend for my birthday.
    These really did work great- for about two months. I used them at my desk
4-5 days a week fairly consistently with absolutely no problems until last week,
when I was suspicious that the volume was getting lower. I thought I was just
imagining it at first, until yesterday when I realized the volume had gotten so
low that even with my computer's volume at 85%, it was still noticeably quiet
(especially for a product that's plugged directly into my ear).The volume
control on the earbuds doesn't work, so there's no fixing this product- save
yourself the cash and don't get burned, look elsewhere.
    After a long consideration, because I barely used any new headphone brand
besides Sony and Bose. I'm also so picky and usually spend a good amount of
money for hi-tech devices. By a friend advice, I decided to take a try for this
earbud and it was really good with a reasonable price.Sound Quality: Acceptable,
as I mentioned I used alot of expensive Sony and Bose headphones. For me, this
earbud's sound quality is acceptable for workout .Battery Life: really good.
plus point with 2200Mah, can you more than 4 days
    The sound quality is excellent. I use them everyday at work when listening
to my podcasts. They're very comfortable and cancel out background noise well.
I'm pleasantly surprised at how long they stay charged.  I only have to charge
the case they come in every few weeks and thats with heavy usage.
    Ive been shopping around for some good wireless headphones and I even bought
a few and they honestly all sucked. I finally broke down on these pair mainly
because they were waterproof and had some awesome reviews, so it was my last
effort for wireless headphones. I got them fairly quickly and everything was
beautifully packaged and the first thing I did was stick those suckers in my
ears because thats been my struggle with other brands is how they would always
fall out of my ears. But these headphones not only fit perfect but they sound
great and I don't even feel that their there, I am super satisfied with this
product and will wear them proudly everyday.
    The sound quality is excellent. These were not made for smaller ears. They
were uncomfortable even with the smaller ear tips. The left earbud is the only
one that can be used by itself. If you are wanting earbuds that you can use one
while charging the other, this is not for you. It did seem to be very well
constructed.  If you have larger ears and dont mind only using the left earbud
alone, they are great
    1st thing that I'm going to say is make sure that you remove the plastic off
the ear buds so they can charge/pair properly. Once you do this just follow the
instructions to pair it with your device. So off the bat I have to say that I've
never had great luck with earbuds staying in. These ones fit awesome! As far as
the sound goes there are crystal clear and the base is decent as well. As far as
the battery life goes it seems pretty good because I haven't had to charge them
and it's been a few days. Definitely would recommend as a purchase.
    The sound quality is pretty good, but one of the headphones already has a
bit of a shortage. The right now does not play as loud as the left. Also the
battery life isn't great. I missed the deadline to return them & thought that I
could bare with having to charge them, but after the second issue..ughh. I
figured I need to at least write a review about what I'm experiencing. It's not
the best buy in my opinion. I'm just going to listen one ear at a time around
the house.
    I got these as a present for my partner.  He's been working out more and the
wire from regular headphones has been really getting in the way for him. He said
these stay put well even during high intensity workouts.  He did have to get the
fit right.The charge least for a good amount of time and being able to charge a
phone with the earbud case is an awesome feature.Quality of sound is really
good.
    The first set were flaud and were retuned. The company immediately sent me a
replacement.  The second work great.You would have a tough time find this
quality at this price....they are everything I wanted ...The company stands
behind it so buy one...bet you will not return it!!
    After researching for Bluetooth 5.0 earbuds, I found this to be the best out
of all.I've also owned Enactfire and some other products, but comparatively
these earbuds are better.The battery life is good, and this 2200mAh battery
charging case is very useful.It has the bass and clear music sound as well. I
highly recommend for listening to music while working out in the gym, if you're
like me.Noise cancellation - I changed to another type of earbuds, and now I can
hardly hear the environment noise once after I put these earbuds on.Design -
Very well designed, fits my ear even though I have a small ear.
    These little suckers work pretty well considering the price.It comes with
additional ear pieces so finding one that'll fit your ear is easy. Sound is as
good as I can expect, bass response could be better but I'm just nit
picking.Pairing it to my phone was easy, instructions that came with the
headphones were simple as can beOverall recommended!
    I work in at a job where data collection and entry is standard, so things
become a little mundane. These blue tooth headphones have made my job easier and
a little more bearable. I really like that you can use one ear phone at a time,
sometimes a co-worker or my boss needs my attention, so being aware of that is
helpful. These headphones are worth it if you want to enjoy simple audio while
doing everyday tasks. I connect to my phone, and laptop personally to play
podcasts and background music while I work. A few years ago something like this
would cost well over $100, so you can imagine my surprise to find something of
higher quality at half the price.
    Very simply, they work great. Connect without issue, the battery is very
good. I use them for 2-3 hours at a pop and have yet to have them lose battery
power, the charge case lasts weeks for me. I haven't, had a chance to check how
water proof they actually are yet. Sound quality is good for me as i am not an
audiophile by any means.Tap controls work as advertised. Just solid all around,
very pleased
    I’ve had these headphones for about 6 months and I’ve had pretty consistent
issues. They’re now starting to completely die; I can no longer use the right
headphone at all. The best part is that there apparently are no electronic
copies of the user manual anywhere on the internet (the one I found is
incomplete and inaccurate) so I can’t even try to troubleshoot as I definitely
didn’t keep the tiny piece of paper they came with for this long. I also really
hate how easy it is to accidentally turn on voice controls because there is no
actual button on the headphones, it’s just an area that you tap and it’s almost
impossible to avoid tapping if you have to take a headphone off for any reason.
I’ve accidentally called people I haven’t spoken to in years because of this
issue and it’s infuriating. I have to take them off and reconnect so often that
I’d rather just deal with wires.
    I have been wanting a different way to listen to music because I have not
been to happy with the other devices I have used until now! When I opened the
box I was so excited to see the quality is amazing! The charging holder comes
with a bag too so my case will not get dirty and easier to find in my gym bag
and purse.They fit well and I did not have any ear pain which I have in the past
with other ear plugs.The sound is great, they are light weight and easy to know
they are charged by the lights on them. It is also easy to hook up and sync with
your bluetooth.I am a happy girl now that I have my adorable case, great earbuds
that are easy and fun to use.
    The headphones are great for the price! The noise cancellation isn't the
best, I recommend taking out the inside filter for louder sound. Some of the
controls can be very complicated, but it has a ton of bass and the battery life
can be max three hours. They can be used individually. I have had a few problems
with them, but that's to be expected with 50$ headphones. The case doesn't
really charge phones, the battery isn't big enough.
    Everything about these earbuds is pretty good. They easily connect, the
magnetic case is very useful, and the sound quality is great. The problem is the
battery life. Going from a full charge within an hour it is already dead. So
these are not very helpful for long flights  or anything that will extend beyond
one hour.
    I had to write a review I got these months ago they are good/ok. They do not
noise cancel and they could be a little louder. But the reason I gave it five
stars is last night I  Accidentally washed them they did a full cycle. When I
got them out they were beeping and I just knew they were dead. This has happened
with a pair of more expensive headphones in with a lot less water and they never
cut on again. I put them back in the case let them charge overnight just to see
if they will work again. Well I am using them right now, no problems wonderful
product thank you.
    These are FANTASTIC!! Even better than taking straight through my phone!!
Fit nice and snug however not too snug. You can use one or both together and
they charge quickly. My only, and I do mean only, complaint is that the right
ear cuts out from time to time. If that weren't an issue 5 stars all day long!!
    Right earbud doesnt work more than half the time, issues connecting,
randomly disconnecting. When it does work they are very uncomfortable, there is
no bass and the quality is what I expect from $10 earbuds. I'm not sure how
these get any good reviews. I wasn't expecting much from these, just to work
properly and sound better.
    These bluetooth wireless earbuds are MUST HAVE. Love how the case is also a
extra power bank for my phone and earbuds on the go. My phone has a tendency to
have a low battery. I was very impress with noice cancelling allows me to focus
on my music or conversation without disturbance. But last but not least my
favorite feature is these earbuds are water resistant. My family was complaining
about my music when I shower in the morning these earbuds was the solution. No
long have to worry about waking up the whole house when i'm showering while
listening to music and talking on the phone in the morning. I am very pleased
with my purchase. Considering getting a friend a part as a gift.
    Love these they stay in my ears really really good even when sweating at the
gym which Is why I got them and because of the reviews on here. When they say
try the diffrent extra ear pieces that come with the package do it because you
have to find the right fit and also when I first tried them i didnt hear the
stero sound but changed the ear piece and it made a huge diffrence!! One thing I
forgot to mention they are so snug that it does not fall out or feel like it's
going to fall out or hurt your ear like some do! I highly recommend and also you
cant beat that price!!!!
    These wireless EarPods came already fully charged. They were very easy to
pair with my iPhone X Max. There are many different size ear inserts to
accommodate ear sizes. I listen to lots of audio books and I used them for 4
hours straight out of the box! And they were still fully charged! Lovely sound
quality and comfortable fit.
    I was worried about the record on these but thought I would still give it a
try. They turned out to be great and perfect for working out! I use them at the
gym and they stay in without any issues. I do wish that they would move through
songs and be a bit smaller, but other than that, they are wonderful!
    My son has been wanting wireless headphones for a while, but I couldn't
justify the high cost.  I found these and decided to try them since they were
about a quarter of the cost. He loves how easy they are to charge in their own
carrying case. They are super simple to pair with his devices, and the quality
of sound is a lot better than what I had anticipated. The charge lasts a decent
amount of time.
    Low quality sound.  No bass to be found.  The noise cancelling wasn't very
good.  I was hoping to pick these up as a cheap replacement to the samsung
earbuds.  Ended up giving these to my son and just got the samsung earbuds
instead.  Difficulty with pairing each headphone.
    At first unpacking these earbuds are packaged very well, and they are all
inclusive of everything that you need for a good fit. They come with several
different size ear pieces so you can find the correct fit, and it comes with a
carrying bag which is a plus. The Case itself seems well built. The earbuds fit
into the charging ports perfectly.  Blue tooth was easy to set up and the
individual buds paired with each other automatically as soon as there removed
from case.. They fit in your ear great after selecting the correct size bud from
the included pieces. The sound quality is good.
    So I was looking for an alternative and affordable option to spending all
that money to get some Apple Airpods and came across this great and value priced
alternative with the Pasonomi ear buds. On top of this the sound quality is
excellent, the pairing is a breeze and it has this great charging case actually
doubles as a 2200 mAh power bank, which means you can either recharge the
earbuds 15-18 times, or use it to power up your smartphone.  Since I use my ear
buds outside when I bike the IPX7 water-resistance and nano-coating make it
great for use in the outdoors or at the gym. This is a great affordable and high
quality option to the Apple Airpods.
    I really enjoy these headphones. They are comfortable, the battery lasts a
long time and the sound quality is great. Very happy with them.
    I’m stuck using broken earbuds one will pair and the other will pair and it
will say connected at the same time but only one bud will play and when I tap
the one that isn’t it switches to that one instead of syncing all because my
brother just tried using them too I joined with it and him no one else two
people and it broke useless man I want my money back :(
    I haven't used any other Bluetooth headset since getting this one. Overall I
like the design and fit (it comes with a variety of sizes), and is comfortable
to use when running/working out. One caution is that when you're charging, make
sure you see the red light otherwise sometimes it may look like its charging
when its not.
    The sound quality is not thsy great in terms of bass. Even with playing a
bass boosted song you. Arely hear any. However they fit amazingly well, the fact
the case doubles as a charger is a plus as well. Not to mention the ipx7 helps
if you ever drop them in water...hopefully you're not planning to do that.You
can use them separately, however do to their design they wont fit in the
opposite ear that well if not at all
    I've been searching and searching for wireless earbuds at an affordable
price and finally took the plunge with this pair. The price was reasonable and
it turned out to be a very good product. Sounds quality is great, pausing,
pairing, recharging all very intuitive. I'm really pleased with this product and
definitely share my happiness with my friends and family.
    I tried a couple of wireless earbuds, and this one fulfills just the need
for me for a reasonable price since I am not a person of enjoying ultra high-
sound qualities. Though touch-like buttons for playback and calls were
unexpected, I soon liked it. Battery life is also reasonable that they seem to
be going for around the length of time they promise. It also instantly connects
with my mobile device. It definitely seems a good fit for listening to normal
music. I haven't tested this while I am running but I think it would be also
okay since it fits very well to my ears. I am more than satisfied with this so
far.
    I ordered this product because my husband researched online and saw the best
reviews and the price for these earbuds were not expensive, but of great value
and quality. Once I used his earbuds after they were ordered, and I tested the
sound using a cellphone, a smartwatch, and a portable bluetooth radio, and found
the audio and media sound to be just what I wanted, I purchased a pair also. The
charge holds great and we were able to wear these while working out on a
treadmill, cooking, walking, or just about anything. They are lightweight but
give a hefty sound. I would recommend purchase.
    Horrible. Broke on the first day and wouldn’t reconnect to one another. Got
this for my son as a birthday gift and couldn’t get in touch with anyone to
return them after several emails. Buy name brand and skip the hassle.
    Great affordable alternative to air pods or other name brand wireless
headphone products. Using the case to charge other USB powered devices is a
great bonus feature.I used these to do yard work for a few hours on the first
day of use without issue. Where Apple earbuds give me ear fatigue after half an
hour or so, these remained comfortable.
    I was looking for truly wireless headphones and I like these a lot. I love
that the carrying case also charges them as soon as you pop the headphones back
in. I also like the features of being able to tap the headphones to
pause/play/skip and to pull up Google assistant/siri. My only complaints are
that the sound can be iffy, loud at times then quiet then loud again. Also, they
will randomly pair with my phone even though they are supposed to be
off/disconnected which is annoying.
    I had a concern when receiving the product because the right earbud would
not connect with the left. I would give this product 4 stars if the manufacturer
didn't help me resolve my issue but they responded to my email with
troubleshooting tips and the right earbud now works just fine. You can tell that
they're not based in America or Britain just by reading their emails alone so I
appreciate the effort to responding to customers that speak English. The earbuds
aren't very bass heavy but I'm not disturbed because I got them for only $37.
That's too cheap to be complaining about anything, really. I might edit this
after a few months of use.
    I am giving these earbuds one star because after my fourth day of using them
(for only an hour at a time), the right earbud was so quiet I couldn't hear
anything. I tried to clean it out (even though they were too new to even have
ear wax or dirt built up yet), listened in the other ear, changed the audio
settings on my phone, and nothing worked. It was clear it was the earbud itself.
They were never wet, dropped, or damaged in any way. Customer service refused to
replace it, so I returned them right away.  What's worse - I also tried to
charge my phone using the earbud case - and it was only able to charge it an
additional 40% before going dead - and the case was fully charged to begin with.
Don't waste your money on this product.
    They are comfortable and work great - definitely a great value for the
money. I occasionally have trouble with them pairing to my phone, but I am not
sure if it is the headphones or my phone that is causing the problem.
    For $50, these had the equivalent sound to $15 budget earbuds. The clarity
was fairly decent, but the bass was almost non-existent. Volume could definitely
have been louder, I tested up to full volume with the help of an equalizer app,
yet this was still unsatisfactory for my personal preference. In all honesty,
these off-brand headphones are a hit or miss, more often than not a miss  I only
tested these for half an hour, but that's all it took to make me realize that
today was a miss. Returned these earbuds the same day that they arrived.3-star
for material because the design was nice, material seemed legit. Nice magnetic
charging case build. A little bit bulky, could get uncomfortable after extended
use.1-star for quality (see below).3-star for battery life because both earbuds
came fully charged, but I did not have them for long enough to test their
battery life and charging case capacity with respect to the product description.
    Mediocre at best. Battery only lasts 1-1/2 hours. Because they're so quiet,
they have to be used at full volume. Bass is nearly nonexistent. Plus they do a
poor job of pairing bluetooth. If they don't connect right away, you have to
turn them off and try again which is a chore because they don't have an off
button. You have to put them back in the charger and wait for them to turn
themselves off. The only things I like about it are that they didn't cost a lot
of money (live and learn) and that you can use the charging base to charge other
usb devices.
    I like these, only a couple complaints I have are is the bud itself is on
the larger size so if you have small ears like my husband you may find it hard
to have them stay. Also you can use the right side alone only the left.UPDATESo
initially I put 5 stars,  but after having them about 4 months or so. My review
has changed, the left ear bud has significantly lower volume than the right.
They sometimes crackle also.
    I’m by no means a “techie”/expert in the department of any type of
technology. Mom of an 11 and 13 year old who know how to operate any electronic
device in our house better than I. 🤷🏻‍♀️ I look for ease of set-up; operation;
quality and competitive price point for what you’re paying for. These wireless
blue tooth ear buds are all of the above for a VERY reasonable price. It took me
a few minutes to pair and set up right out of the box. Instructions are very
straight forward in my opinion. Excellent sound quality. Sleek design. I’m
relatively petite and have always had difficulty getting any type of ear bud to
fit comfortably. The design and numerous size options work perfectly for me. Now
to hide from tweens who are already eyeing my new purchase!
    I have use this on daily base, and within 2 months, the main frame wont
charged. At first, I thought it was my charger, so I try a different one, Still
no luck. Eventually the buds die off because I can't charged the main frame. The
buds life time is around 3 hours of used. In oder for you to reversed/skipped
music, you have to use both earbuds, otherwise you can only do one thing if use
single bud. Left (reversed), right (skipped). Same thing with volume.  This is
really annoying, and you have to link(bluetooth) both buds. I give 2 stars
because the sound quality was amazing, but now it's garbage because I used.
    I have really small ear holes and I have tried a lot of different ear buds.
All of them either dont fit or constantly fall out of my ears when I'm doing any
activity. These are awesome they fit comfortably and I have not had any problems
with them falling out. The sound is also very impressive, I can actually hear
the base. Noise cancellation is very nice my job can be very noisy at times and
these block out all sounds. I can't believe the price for such nice earbuds. I
would definitely suggest anyone to buy these.
    This is my first pair of bluetooth earbuds and I was not disappointed! I
love that the case holds a charge and the earbuds can just be placed back in the
case to be charged also. They came with several extra sizes of covers for
different size ears. It also comes with a little storage pouch to put the case
into when it is not being used. The sound quality was fabulous! I also love that
you are able to control your music and answer phone calls just by tapping one of
the buds. The instructions were easy to understand; I was able to pair the
earbuds together and to my phone the first try. I highly recommend these
earbuds! You won't be disappointed.
    I like this earbuds very much, because it is very convenient to connect the
devices and it is totally wireless. I feel very comfortable to wear this
earbuds. I like to listen music when I do the exercise. There is cord anymore. I
can go to the rest room without bring my phone and still receive the music.  The
quality of the sound is also good comparing to its price.
    I bought these for use at the gym.  The first thing to know is that they
only lasted about 1 year before the terminals on the case and the earbuds
started to fail.  At first, they struggled to reconnect to the charging case
making them difficult to charge.  Then recently, 1 of the earbuds wouldn't
connect to the charging case at all rendering them useless.  They lasted a year.
Disappointing purchase for a product that could have rated higher if they had
some durability.  Also, I PAMPER my electronics...so these were highly cared for
items.  I wish something could be done.
    I was skeptical at first because Apple Airpods dominate the market, but
these headphones are seriously amazing. Super simple to setup, literally open
the package and put the earphones in and they connect without any problem. The
features on each piece are extremely helpful and intuitive. And most importantly
the sound quality is shocking for something this small and portable. Added
feature of the phone charging is also why I got these instead of something else.
I would highly recommend this to anybody. These headphones are a must have for
those looking for quality with out paying an  exorbitant price.
    I'm very pleased with the convenience these offer !! I'm a busy mom and I
love to listen to my kindle and music while cleaning!! They are very easy to
pair to devices and use!! The case is great because you can charge your phone
from it as well!! Also comes with a nice bag to carry them in!!  They are
comfortable and look sleek in the ear as well not too bulky!!
    Excellent quality soundI decided to buy an earbuds for myself, here are my
thoughts:• Package: The wireless earbuds come in a nice portable case, which
acts as both a carrying protecting case and as a charging station, small enough
ti be carried in the purse.• Size/Fit: I tested the earbuds during a run on the
treadmill and they did not feel loose, very comfortable fit.• Connectivity:  the
earbuds connect automatically to my phoneGreat earbuds, recommended for running
or walking.
    My friend bought this and I was able to try it for a whole day, and from
what I could tell, so far, it has been very good. I was not able to hear any
outside noise and the sound quality is pretty good. What I can say is that it is
a really good alternative to more expensive Bluetooth earbuds and I would really
recommend it. Also a nice plus is that the case is portable battery so that's
really convenient.
    I would have to say after using these for a few months that they are the
worse wireless ear buds I have ever used. When they did work the sound quality
was OK at best. I do get sound out of one but the other ear bud will not pair. I
can't say much more about them other than to save your money and purchase
something else.
    I've been using for about 5 months now. I use them while wearing a
motorcycle helmet which has a tight fit over the ears. Obviously I can't touch
the earbuds while wearing my motorcycle helmet but once I have them turned on I
can adjust the volume from my phone. They work well.
    What an amazing buy. Sa far so good, I had these headphones for 2 months not
once they fail or stop working.  An amazing products for the prizes listed. The
noise canceling features not the very best but it definitely better then most
prized headphones out on the market. I mainly used them while at work to turn
out my co-workers noises and listen to music. They are very easy to connect
through Bluetooth. I would definitely buy them again and also recommend them to
friends & family.
    The $50 price point is very acceptable.  The pairing when smoothly with my
LGG4.  As of this writing, I've only used them once, during a 45 minute run.  My
phone stayed in a running belt.  I never lost or had a hiccup in connection and
the sound quality was acceptable.I cannot comment on battery life yet, as i
haven't used them long enough to drain them in a single use or recharge from
completely dead.I'm not a fan of the rubber buds for the ear pieces, they feel a
little on the cheaper/flimsy side. I took the buds off another pair of
headphones instead.TL;DR - Perfectly fine for casual running and use, price is
fair.
    Battery life dies at almost exactly 3 hrs, just as advertised.Original
earbuds tips were too small.One of my headphones went through the washer and
dryer on accident and it still works great.Protip: Get the 3rd party memory foam
earbuds. The sound is excellent.
    They worked perfectly for a while, now the right earbud is quieter than the
left. Even when adjusting the balance/panning to be a bit towards the right, the
right earbud has much less high end than the left. A quick online search
revealed that this exact problem is not uncommon.It’s too bad because, in spite
of the poor microphone quality, I was enjoying these earbuds for their sound
quality, comfort and battery life.
    I bought these Earbuds to replace my travel headset and I love, love, love
them. I use one at a time while I drive for safety. Its great that one can
charge while I'm using the other so I can make a long drive and have battery all
day. Changing from one ear bud to the other is so easy. I listen to audible and
podcasts while I drive. The audio quality and volume is excellent. I spent a lot
of time deciding which earbuds to purchase and am very happy with these.
    The sound quality is good. I wish the battery lasted longer. It does only
give you 4 hours. I like the independent functionality of each bud. It would be
nice of there were actual buttons or symbols on them so I could know for sure if
the command I'm giving is being received.  The charge time is fast. I like
them...just afraid of losing them! The manufacturer has nothing to do with that
though. Lol***update *** the sound on phone calls is bad. Everyone complains
that they can't hear me or that I sound  muffled.
    I love these headphones for the price. I use them for working out. They stay
in my ears pretty well. I had to get a pair replaced after about six months cus
one headphone was really quiet. The new pair I cannot go more then 10-15 ft away
from my phone before it starts breaking out. I just used them for swimming for
the first time since they are waterproof. I will say they stood up to the pool
but the second water hits it it thinks my finger is on it so it will either
pause or activate Siri so yes they can stand up to water but they constantly
stop the music because t thinks I’m pressing on it. For the most part though
they work great.
    The fully charged battery did not even last a 4 hour bus trip.  AND.. I only
used it half that time!  Also, not good at noise cancellation.I really hoped for
honest reviews but the performance of these ear buds is very disappointing.
    I really loved everything about these. But unfortunately the left ear piece
disconnected and hasn’t been working for months. I really love them but it’s
beyond frustrating to have bought these and as soon as the warranty expires they
brake. Literally at the 3 month mark they would not connected for to my phone
for about a month.
    These are great! They look cool, don’t fall out, have touch controls for
volume and stuff, and the battery life is good to average. But the addition of
the battery case makes it crazy good. Doesn’t block all ambient noise but for
running or at the gym, that’s a good thing.
    A los 3 meses y 10 dias de su compra ya el auricular izquierdo no soporta ni
5 minutos, sin llegar a ese tiempo se desconecta por battery y el auricular
derecho no mas de 2 horas aun sin ser usado, Lo barato sale siempre caro ahora
debo comprar otros.
    What I liked:Connecting bluetooth was a breezeGood audio WITH bassSound
cancelingCall capabilityYou can charge them on the go with the caseThe case also
acts as a power bankWhat I didn't like:Why I never bought these soonerDO IT.
It's a really good purchase.
    The earbuds were working fine until the fourth month when one of the earbuds
won't stay in the case to charge.  It pops out and won't stay in the case to
charge. This is my second purchase (black one) for a family member since I was
pleased with my first order (white one).  I have to use the white case from my
first order to charge the black earbud that keeps popping out.  Reached out to
product support but they won't help since it's been over 30 days.  I am waiting
to hear back from the seller.
    they work great, I just wish the batteries in them lasted a little longer in
them, they last about 4 hours. so I just alternate which ear I have in and by
the time the one dies the other is charged up again. I bought these thinking
they had a very long battery life but they have good sound and I've had no
troubles with them. I'm overall happy with the purchase
    Not bad for the money. Only slight complaint that may be a dealbreaker for
others is that theyre not best for exercising. You can get away with lifting
weights, but any action sports/running involved while wearing these you'll find
yourself often putting them back in as they frequently get loose. Otherwise
great sound quality
    When they work, they work great. Unfortunately,  they don't connect very
well to phones which is very disappointing. I wish I would have realized this
when I was still within the return window. Not too sure about the battery life
as I usually get about 5 minutes into a run when I quit on these and turn to my
corded headphones. I wish the company would offer a return!
    The set up was easy. Sound is nice and clear though the bass is lacking a
little. Noise cancelling is great and the people around you can’t hear what
you’re listening to. Also, they stay in your ears which I have a hard time with
since my ears are small but I didn’t have a problem with these! Overall, great
quality for the price.
    So I purchased these earbuds mainly to use at work.  I found that they
worked really well!  The sound is very clear.  I also liked the fact that they
stay charged all day.  The case is cool because that's where you charge them and
it also has the usb so you can charge your phone as well.  Great product, great
price!!
    Trying to find a pair of Airpodesk earbuds these are fairly good.The sound
is pleasant with only slight distortion in the high end when it gets too
loud.Pairing is simple and relatively straight forward after the first time, but
it may be a little challenging at firstBattery life is average for this sort of
product, about 3 hours per charge of earbuds, and more in the casing.the added
gimmick of charging your phone is nice to have in a pinch, but never a good
first choiceAt the end of the day you wont find another Pair of earbud with a
similar make for the same low price. I would recomend
    These are very comfortable earbuds to wear and the sound quality is great! I
charge them every night and the battery lasts the entire day. I'm not non stop
listening but I listen on my way to the gym, at the gym, and on my ride home.
They're made very well and are definitely built to last. I'd definitely
recommend these to anyone in the market for wireless earbuds, you won't be
disappointed.
    These Bluetooth Wireless Ears buds are great!! I have been search for
something to wear while working out and doing work. These were a reasonable
price and I love that I got them! They come with multiple exchangeable rubber
ear pieces that you can test out to see which one fits best for you ear. I am
able to wear them and they do not fall out.  I love the case that charges them
on the go if they needed to be changed. The case has a magnet to make sure the
earbuds are properly placed in the charging case and charging.  I would purchase
these again and if you’ve been looking for wireless ear buds try these, you
won’t regret it!
    Pros:* Small and compact* Sweatproof* Stays in ears throughout strenuous
movements* Sound quality is greatCons:* Bluetooth connection was challenging at
first* Earbuds seem to hurt my ears a little after wearing them for more than an
hour
    The headphones are great for portability, comfort, and sound quality.  If
you have issues carrying around the bulky case everywhere you go, these are not
ideal.  The only way to turn off the headphones is by putting them back into the
case even though the manual indicates that you can power off by holding down the
multi function button.  I confirmed this with the seller via email.  They
suggested turning off bluetooth on the phone and then the headphones will turn
off after about 5 minutes.  In my experience, as soon as I turn bluetooth back
on, the headphones pair with the device, the last program that was using the
headphones starts up again, and the battery drains without your knowledge.  I do
hope the manufacturer updates the settings and allows for the buds to be turned
off on demand without the case.
    I used them at the gym. Fit comfortably inside ear,  sound quality was good,
didn't fall out while I was doing normal free weight and cable lifting. When
walking on treadmill earphones stayed in ear but when running they fell out.
Carrying case was a plus and having a usb port a plus plus.. Pretty good range
when walking through my home talking on the phone.
    What's not to like battery life is great, sound is better or on par with any
other completely wireless ear buds. I'm still on the fence of trying to see if
waterproof or not. I also wish there was a way to turn off flashing blue light
when in use and not a huge fan of touch sense button I'm a fan of an actual
button
    Had these for about two weeks and used them some, but found myself reverting
to the wired buds that came with my phone. The earbuds fit well in the ear and
the emergency phone charger option is great. Price is good.Disappointing sound
quality. Bass is almost nonexistent (I'm comparing this with other, wired and
wireless, ear buds I own not bigger on or over the ear headphones).The magnetic
charging is a bit finicky. I have had to re-seat them to start charging. Maybe
the terminals need cleaning, but they've done this since new.Bottom line -
probably OK for exercise (they stay in your ear during all kinds of activity) if
you don't care too much about the sound quality.
    I bought this headphones for work. I work in a office and the office is next
to a trash dumpster that makes loud noise when being emptied several times a
day. The headphones cancel out any noise, fit snug and are barely noticeable.
The sound is crisp and clear. I absolutely recommend these for the price you're
paying they are worth it!
    The true test for me is how well bluetooth earbuds sync with video.  I have
another, more expensive pair that doesn't sync audio/video well at all so I
wasn't really hoping for much with these.  I was wrong!  There is no audio lag
when using these with video on either my phone or tablet. The sound quality is
about what I would expect from any pair of headphones (wired or not) and they
will not provide much for noise cancellation. But if you want quality earbuds at
a decent price point, these are definitely the ones for you.
    I was really excited when I purchased these earphones, but they were a bit
disappointing. I will preface this by saying that I bought these exclusively for
use in the gym.First they are not good for running or any activity where you’re
moving around a lot because they continually start slipping out. I used every
single one of the sizes of earpieces and had the same problem with all of them.
What makes it more frustrating is that when you go to push it the headphone
thinks you’re trying to pause the music (sensor in the center of the headphone)
so the music stops.Second, the sound quality is ok, but the bass is horrible.
The music sounds kind of high pitched due to the lack of bass.Third, probably
the most annoying thing is that one of the earbuds sounds louder then the other.
I tried turning them off and then on again but one still sounds louder than the
other which is very annoying.
    This is the most powerful ear buds I have ever owned ... The sound is
extremely clear .. The grip is amazing I can do all type a movement such a hard
exercise and it won't fall off my ears... The power bank is the most unique that
I can charge my phone if I need it.Difinately worth the money ... I love it!
    I have been shopping for headphones and decided to give these a try and wow!
I was very happy when they arrived, the easy to follow instructions made it so
simple to begin using my headphones immediately.  I love the lightweight case
that I use to store and charge the headphones.  I could not believe the sound, i
have tried several different brands and these by far for the cost have the best
sound.  They are very comfortable in my ears and did not irritate my ear at all.
I use my headphones when working out and hiking, the great fit will allow me to
do both without worrying that they will come out of my ears.  I can say without
a doubt these were a great purchase, I highly recommend them!
    These are literally THE WORST earbuds on the market. I'll start with the
good, they are comfortable, but that's it. They do not hold a connection for
even 60 seconds without connecting and reconnecting multiple times.  They buzz
loudly when disconnected, and they are so sensitive and disconnect at the
slightest touch.By far the worst I've ever purchased. These issues were
experienced from the onset, but I tries to stick it out ansbfice them a chance.
BIG MISTAKE. I am currently searching for a replacement earbud and DO NOT
recommend these.
    Got a charge on these things and popped them out.  Paired so easily, exactly
as the instructions showed.  PRO TIP.  Before you do anything else, make sure
you put the runner earbud piece (it comes with a baggie of multiple sizes) that
fits the SNUGGEST in your ears!  This will stop them from moving during exercise
or movement of any kind and provide a much better bass response!!!  For me, the
largest size was most comfortable and preferable for achieving the above
statement!  40 bucks!? What is this Blade Runner!!? Take my money these things
are RAD!
    I love these earbuds. I use them everyday. The sound quality is top tier and
the noise cancelation keeps you from having to acknowledge anyone you don't
like. The touch sensitive play/pause makes you feel like part of the secret
service. My only issue is a very small one. I will admit, I'm no expert on
Bluetooth earbuds and their battery life, so I could be 100% wrong. But the
battery lasts roughly 3.5-4 hours before needing to charge again. Which matches
up with my daily routine fairly well, but others may find that to be a problem.
Overall, if I somehow lost these, I would absolutely buy these again
    My fiancé absolutely loves these earbuds. No only does the case serve as a
charger for the buds but also as a portable charger for your phone. He got them
for Christmas and keeps thanking me for them! I didn’t know how good the sound
quality was until I just tried them. Amazing!
    I originally bought a pair of these for my sister for Christmas last year
and she really liked them.  I recently got myself a pair and I enjoy them as
well.  The sound is good and they fit in my ears great without falling out while
running, which was a big concern to me.  The only thing I wish was that the
battery lasted longer than 2 hours.  I usually run and do some other stuff at
the gym for over 2 hours sometimes and the battery is almost completely done
while I am still working out.  Other than that, no complaints and I would
strongly recommend.
    Love these! Work well and syncs easily. I stopped using them though after
hearing about apple AirPods causing tumors. Granted everything gives cancer
nowadays, but I figured I might as well reduce in ways I can.
    I've only had my earbuds for about a month and they already broke.  There is
barely any sound coming from the right earbud.  I've tried everything to get the
sound to turn up, but it won't respond.  The earbuds fit nicely in my ears and
hold on just fine during my extreme workouts, but they are just too sensitive
when turning the sound on or off.  I often wipe the sweat from my face during my
workouts and any chance you slightly touch the side or anywhere on the earbuds,
they turn off.  The on/off feature is just too sensitive - needs fixing.
    Overall I don't regret purchasing these but I don't love them. I'll preface
this by saying most of my usage is in NYC, which is probably different than
most. At this point, if I am on a work call or in a very high traffic (people)
area, I am not able to use these. When you are in crowded areas, like Penn
Station or a crowded subway station, the connection from the phone to the
earbuds breaks up considerably. Also, during call I have had a few people
comment that is breaks up a little or the sound is muffled.Listening to music on
the subway, walking around the city or being inside has been fine and it's
certainly nice to not have the wires.
    I enjoy these wireless headphones. I have never had ones that weren't corded
before, however here is my review of them.Positives;Comfortable fit even with
prolonged usageGood Battery LifeCompact holder/chargereasy access to
volume/pause/next on the headsetsGood volume controlcord free/hands freegood
speaker volume when talking on the phoneCons;No noise cancellationDon't do well
when you only have one in with the other seated in the charging case.sometimes
hard to get a comfortable fit until you practiced putting them in a few times
    I loved these earbuds, because they are clear, easy to operate and fit well
in my ears. I could not be more satisfied.i have never had this kind of earbuds,
and didn't know if I would like them, but my son suggested I try these, as I
listen to music often doing work around the house and in my office.  I am so
glad I did! They are awesome.!!!  I was scared they may fall out while walking
around, but they fit snugly in my ears and have the best sound quality!
    The quality of the build is very good. Instructions of the user manual is
easy to follow. Wish the sound quality has a bit more bass, mid-range and high
range sound quality are very good. Changeable size for the soft ear bud is
great, but it does not feel comfortable after a few minutes of wearing them.
Wish the soft rubber of ear bud could fit a bit better and more comfortable. I
was able to pair with my iPhone and my Windows laptop with bluetooth easily.
    My earbuds are no longer working properly, the volume level/ sound quality
is different in each ear. I have had them for less than a year and they are
still under manufactured warranty.I have already messaged the company through
email and various other outlets. I have gotten no email responses. It’s
frustrating, they have a chance to make things right but choose not to
communicate back at all.So far, very poor customer service.
    Very easy to connect, charge and use (Samsung galaxy note 9). Smallest buds
fit perfect and bluetooth range is good (40ish feet). Sound quality is very
good, some crackle on the lowest bass but overall better than expected. Knocked
off one star because I ordered in black, but received white pair. Not a big
enough issue to warrant an exchange or return. Very pleased!
    I’ve tried a few different Bluetooth/wireless earbuds, and these are easily
my new favorite.They fit very comfortably and snug in my ear without falling
out, they’re easy to use, and they sound great! I’ve had no connection issues or
charging issues. The charging case doubles as a phone charger which is a nice
feature too!
    Bought these buds to use at the gym hoping the ipx7 rating will help them
last longer than others I've tried.Sound quality is good for their size, the
touch sensitive spots on them take a little getting used to, I wind up pausing
songs far more often then skipping them. They last me entire 60-90 minute
workout and the case has them ready to go for the next time. I love the fact
that they pair as soon as you take them out of the case and shut off when you
put them back in.Only thing left to see is how well they survive a month of
sweaty gym workouts!
    At first, the right headphone wasnt working but I got a replacement set
right away. That was a pain in the butt at first because I was looking forward
to them then they came broken. But getting the replacement set and finally using
them, they are great. The one thing that really makes them 5 star worthy for me
is the battery life. I've probably listened to them over 30 hrs since I've got
them and the battery for the container is still full and the headphones are
still worki g great
    have owned these earbuds for ~5days .I have to say the build quality is
great and the sound quality is very good for me and my needs. The batteries have
held up well and the charging case and Taking phone calls works well, no
background noise that others have picked up and sound quality is excellent. Most
importantly, they paired insanely easily to my iPhone. so I must share it with
every one.
    I love these earbuds! Others I've tried made my ears sore after a while.
They were too big. These are perfect! Alot of people complaining of no base. I
don't have an issue with it. It has normal base to me. And i can tweak it with
my phone. Everyone in my house wants a pair now lol the only thing i can say as
a potential con is there is no way to adjust the volume on the buds themself.
Other than that...what a deal. And it charges my phone!!!
    I have these for my desktop computer so my videos don't bother anyone.  They
stay charge for a very long time.  The fit superbly and are easy to insert.  I
can walk away from my desk and have freedom to move with these.  I LOVE them.
Good sound.
    I am hard to impress and was very skeptical after just having to return a
Smart Watch I was completely disappointed with but these Bluetooth Earbuds are
amazing so far, the auto turn on/off, auto connect, the charging case... very
happy with this item and AWESOME price. I know friends that have paid over $150
and do not sound any better.  Also for me anyway they fit perfectly and seem
fall out... that was a big concern.
    Got these in August. Worked fairly well at first--sometimes there would be
lost connection w/ Bluetooth. But now the right ear piece doesn't have any
sound, even when its fully charged & after re-setting Bluetooth connection. Left
ear piece works well.  Bummed that this product is not usable after a few
months. Hopefully I can put these in e-waste recycling!
    It’s hard to find earbuds that actually stay in place and so far these seem
to fit the bill.  I was surprised at the sound quality and it really allows the
music to seal into your inner ear.  When I changed to more base on the IPhone
these really make a difference.  I’ll be trying these on the treadmill next.
    This pair of headphones actually work just as advertised and honestly for
the money they are awesome.  Great sound and I love the fact that these pair
with the phone when removed from the charging case.  Thank you for making sure I
was completely satisfied.
    Tuens out these are dope. Im on a great headphone quest - and i can not
overstate how good it is these dont have a chord to tangle. Not only is it handy
for doinf chores and runnig around but every time ive had a headphone set die on
me it was cause something happened to the part where it plugs into the phone. No
problem with that here. Now the battery does not last 70 hours - but it does a
few which works just fine for me.  The sound quality is better than what ive
gotten from london drugs when i need an emergency set.
    I've been using these Bluetooth Earbuds for about 4 days now. I've heard
that there can be issues with pairing separate bluetooth earbuds in the past,
but these paired exactly as the instructions stated without issue. I easily
connected them to my phone and was actually very surprised by how great the
sound quality was. For the price point, as totally wireless earbuds, these are
hard to beat. If I would dock it for any reason at all, I would say that the
battery life could be better. I understand that the device in nature is very
small, and there is only so much that can be put into a piece of tech that fits
into your ear, but having more than 4-6 hours before recharging would be nice.
If you are looking for TRULY wireless earbuds, I think these are worth a shot,
and actually beat my expectations overall.
    They work great I love the sound quality and how easy it is to connect to my
phone. Battery life is good I use them at work put them on at 8am don’t have to
charge till noon. Constantly listening to them. Charge takes about 20-30 minutes
then back at it again. Only annoying thing is you can only use the left by
itself.
    I have been looking to find a good pair of wireless earbuds. This has been
hard as I found others I have tried were either uncomfortable, did not stay in
my ear or had poor audio quality.  These earbuds were not like the others they
are comfortable, stay in my ears, and sound great.  In addition I found the
range on these to be quite good.  The only negative/concern I have with these is
the latch on the case as it can be a little difficult to open. I would recommend
these to anyone who is looking for nice all around performing earbuds.
    I thought these were awesome at first. The touch features were good, they
were fairly comfortable and the battery life wasn’t half bad, especially when
the buds can be used one at a time for continuous use. But the big deal breaker
for me, was the volume output. For $50, the clarity and quality was amazing, but
the volume was lacking significantly. I love listening to music with a bit of a
higher volume setting, and these were not satisfying that itch. For those who
watch let’s plays or listen to podcasts, this would be amazing for that.
    I normally stick with only buying Apple products but decided to try
something different. I am not disappointed at all. Great fit and sound without
hurting the wallet. I highly recommend these for anyone looking for Apple
alternatives.
    Not wanting to throw down too much $$$ for name brand true wireless earbuds,
I gave these a shot based on all of the (now questionable) positive reviews.
Within 5 minutes max of trying these on, I knew I would be returning them. I
tried all the included different ear bud sizes as well, but none of them made
these even sound remotely decent. Maybe my ears and these don’t mesh because the
buds never seemed to sit well in my ears. I would have to physically push them
in to make the music sound loud and clear. Once I let go of the pressure from
the hand pushing them in, they sounded terribly low once again. I ended up
returning these and opted for another cheap option (different brand) that I’m
much happier with.
    Don't bother buying these.  The charging port will stop working and even
though I purchased the warranty they suggested, the warranty only covers
products between $20 and $29 so they denied the claim which is very misleading.
I contacted the warranty company who said there was nothing they could do even
though I had purchased a warranty.  So they directed me to amazon and they also
said there was nothing they could do.  Don't waste your money on this product
and be careful buying warranties on amazon.
    The earphones are very handy for listening to music, not so much for
watching videos since there is a lag. I had used these earphones - mainly at the
gym - for just under 6 months when one earbud stopped working. I contacted the
seller and they promptly sent me a replacement. Five stars for excellent
customer service!
    These headphones are sleek, easy to use, and sounds great. They stay in your
ear very well.  The sound is crisp, clear, and loud and there isn't much outside
noise that can get through - that's a big plus if you're using while studying.
The case is nice and comes with a nice carrying case, the charger, and different
size earpieces. I'm on a tight budget and these are very nice for the price.
    Having tried other sets of wireless earbuds, I found these to be the easiest
to pair. Sound is very good and they fit/stay in the ear very well. Excellent
battery life and so many recharges with the charging case. Best value in my
opinion.
    Very nice one! Easy to hide, touch, love how the charger is also a portable
charger that can be also use on my cellphone etc... great price! I mean I can go
on and on I’m just hoping it last for a very long time! If it does this is fire!
I will keep ya posted!
    I like these earbuds! The sound is pretty loud, they fit nicely in my ears
and the battery life is good for about 5 hours fully charged. Only problem I had
duty these earbuds was that sometimes they pair with the phone. I had to keep
putting them back in the charging port or unpair and repair them to work.
    These earbuds were simple to set up and easy to use right out of the box.
They came with an carrying case and additional attachments to ensure proper
sizing. Great sound quality.  I haven’t tried to exercise with them, but I would
be a little nervous to use them during exercise as I’m not sure they would stay
in my ears.
    Sound is skipping on and off. Return and support window is closed. Buy at
your own risk.
    First of all the product doesn’t hold a charge more then an hour so if your
working is more then that is product is not for you.2nd one of the side keeps on
going in and out.Noise cancellation? Forget about it.
    This is product is a great buy! Cancels sound very well and fits in the ear
wonderfully. The earbuds fit securely and I don't worry about them falling out.
They are sensitive to touch, which is great to make an easy switch to a song
being played or to end a call. The magnetic charging case is very handy,
protective and convenient when you're on the go. The only unfortunate thing is
that the earbuds don't have long battery life, but the actual charging case
lasts significantly long. I'm happy with this product and definitely recommend
over apple airpods!!
    Earbuds seemed to work just fine with some very minor flaws and issues. More
than acceptable considering the price. However, they stopped pairing with each
other just after the warranty went out. Wouldn't buy again.
    Absolutely love these ear buds!!!!! Awesome compact case that not only
charges your ear buds but has a USB port to charge your phone as well. Clear
display when case needs to be charged. Several ear tips to ensure fit. Sync
quickly and easily. Very clear sound quality. They fit comfortably in your ear
and have made it through numerous workouts with zero issues.
    I have been using this pair of earbuds for 10 days. So far so good.Pair
easily to my iPhone. And the sound quality is nice. This earbuds are touch-
controlled, make me easy to answer the phone or to pause the music when I was
working. Nice purchase!
    The sound is great but they stick out of my ears and feel like they are
going to fall out. I put the smallest foam covers on them or else I wouldn’t
have been able to get them in my ears at all. I ordered another brand and will
ship back the ones that don’t work as well.
    Do not buy. I was very disappointed in this product. I had it for about 2
weeks and the speaker for the one ear bud, stopped working. It sounds distorted
now. Cant use. The battery life was great but if the sound isnt working the
battery life means absolutely nothing. Still worthless.
    I use these headphones mostly while I work out in the gym. I don't have to
worry about them going anywhere when I am running or lifting weights and the
different earpiece sizes make it easy to ensure they fit comfortably. The
battery life seems to be very good (I have had them about a month, use them
about 3 hours a week and have not yet had to recharge their charger). They are
really easy to use and so far I am super happy with my purchase! Sound quality
is also pretty good, although if you try having a phone conversation with them
in, it is difficult to be understood by the caller even though you can hear them
well.
    I’ve had these for 2 years and they’re still working pretty well. Battery
life isn’t long enough, unfortunately. The phone call quality as far as talking
and receiving isn’t good. They’re sweat resistant, but they don’t stay put when
you sweat. I’ve had to readjust them many times. Still, good solid pair of
bluetooth ear buds. Drop the buds a few times and they still work. I’d say these
are appropriate for someone who wants an intro to the bluetooth earbud world.
    I had these for a good amount of time, and the sound quality is amazing.
It's so convenient and the battery charging works very well. The only reason why
I am not giving this a 5-star rating is because I have only really used this for
about a month and a half (even though I bought it earlier and had it for
longer), and the right earbud no longer has sound. I tried to wait until the
earbuds died and recharged it, but nothing worked. The left earbud works
perfectly fine, but the right one no longer functions.
    I enjoy these ear pods very much when it’s noise at work I can put these in
and listen to music and also when my phone rings I can here it. I have dropped
them a few times wiped them off stuck them back in and still work like a champ.
I enjoy them also when working outside in the yard they work great as far as
cutting grass weed eating I can tune it all out and jam away. Long story short I
recommend these to anyone who does any type of work outside you will be very
happy with them
    they work great for me at the gym. I can leave my phone in my wife's bag and
go  around the whole gym and not loose signal.  If I leave to go to another part
of the building, it reconnects quickly on its own.
    These were great while they lasted. About a month after purchasing, the
right earbud would go in and out. I thought it was a pairing issue because I
couldn't hear the "right device connected" when you take them out of the
charging box. It wasn't until I realized I could still pause the music with the
right bud that it wasn't a pairing issue. The sound was bad. Skip forward a week
or so and it has now completely gone out. Unfortunately I'm past the return
date.I wouldn't buy again. Typically I like to use headphones for more than a
month...
    These headphones are absolutely life changing! They arrived to my house in
less than 24 hours! Lightening fast shipping! Then after opening the cutest
little carrying and charging case, I discovered just how perfect these
headphones were! I have NEVER heard better sound! They sound magical! Super easy
to pair with ANY device! Carrying case is the perfect size for your pocket,
purse, or hand! Perfect gift!
    So before I do a review, I like to give it a couple weeks to see if the
product works as promised. I must say, this product certainly delivers. The
product doesn't pop out of my ears like many headphones do. The connection is
always fast and stable. I owned a competitor's product that I returned because
the connection was extremely unreliable. Sound quality and noise cancellation
are excellent and the battery life as expected is good as well. Hope this helps!
    The wired earphones that I used before broke recently so I was looking into
some wireless onesIt wasn't expensive compared to other wireless earphones and
had good reviews so I bought it and I think it is worth for its price. Pairing
was easy, sound is nice, charging case is good size, touch button on earphone
comes in handy sometimes, and I used it once so far for a call and the receiver
said it sounded fine when I bragged I was using a wireless earphone to talk. If
you want wireless earphones that are not too expensive, I personally think this
ones not bad at all
    From the very first day one of the earbuds keeps disconnecting for a second
every 5-6 second when you walk and phone is in pockets. To be able to listen
with no issues, you have to stand still or keep your phone super close to them
so there is nothing between.
    OHHH MY GOSH.I am amazed that this is only like $50. I had a pair of wire-
Bluetooth earbuds. The battery wasn’t great and whenever the battery ran out I
had to take them out and find an outlet to plug it into. These are so much more
convenient with the case being the charger and they charge very fast. The noise
cancellation is so good that my family gets annoyed. The sound quality is also
amazing. Bruh, and here I was about to spend $160 on AirPods. I’m happy I found
these.
    Love these! The left one isn’t as loud as the right one which is a little
annoying but they hold battery and are decent with noise cancellation. I’m going
to buy a set for my boyfriend.
    Just received these earbuds yesterday and so far I really like them.  They
were easy to pair with my device.  They fit in my ears comfortably.  The sound
quality was quite good.  My purpose is more to listen to music then for phone
call.  I didn't test them with moisture or water yet.  Used for quite awhile and
the charge held really well.  The charging case is great.  For the price I felt
it was a great value, I would totally recommend.  Received this product for my
honest review.
    Love these.  Shopped around for an Apple alternative (don’t like the
feeling) and after looking at many more expensive options decided to try these.
They’re comfortable, easy to use, and long lasting.  Have only run out of
battery ONCE, when I used them off and on for a few days without charging.  Had
one issue with the headphones pairing to each other, but amazon support was able
to help me trouble shoot quickly and they’re back and running without any
problems! Highly recommend.
    These headphones are great for listening to music and do a good job of
staying in, just walking.  I have done yard work and worked on vehicles using
these with no problems of them falling out.  Where they are not good is for
phone calls.  You can hear them well but the mics are not very good.  Complaints
of hearing surrounding noise moreso was common.  Solid budget bids.
    Good product. Battery life is great. Noise cancellation is good.  Sound
quality could be a little better. Taking phone calls is less than ideal.  From
what I understand from my friends, they pick up a lot of background noise.  If
you're in a quiet room, by yourself, they work great.  But if you're on a busy
street, or public setting, they're not the best to use.
    I use this product to listen to music at work. It is perfect! I gave the
battery life 5 stars, because I usually only listen to one ear bud at a time,
that way I can hear what’s going on around me. The sound it still great. They
tend to die after a few hours, but I can listen to the other one while the first
needs to charge. Noise cancellation is strong, which is why I only use one bus
at a time. They fit and stay in your ear well. I was iffy about spending $30 on
ear buds, but we’ll worth it. Cordless is amazing!
    Don't waste your time with this product. Spend a few dollars more and go for
a better brand. This is a cheap Chinese knock off.The problems:- The right
earbud ALWAYS fails after a couple of weeks of use (I've had two separate pairs;
it's a design flaw).- There's no way to properly turn off the earphones, so they
continue to charge in their case until the case battery drainsWhat a waste of
time. Look elsewhere if you want a reliable pair of earbuds in your life.
    Earbuds last about 4-5 hours before having to recharge. The lithium battery
lasts a long time before having to charge. I don’t like how you can’t just have
one earbud in and the other on the charger. They don’t fall out when running and
work great!
    This is the happiest I've been in a while with a purchase in general.  My
expectations were pretty low because of the price but I am SO HAPPY with these
headphones!  The charging concept is easy to use and it was really easy to sync.
I have tiny ears but they have yet to fall out despite the size
    The earbuds arrived quickly and in good condition. The left earbud didn't
charge or light up. Completely dead. I tried the right earbud, and it sounded
awful. A VERY tinny sound. Too bad, because the earbuds and their charging box
seemed very well thought out. By the way, I read the instructions carefully,
removed the plastic tabs from the charging contacts, placed the bud correctly in
my ear canal, cleaned the contacts, etc.. I've been using  wired in-ear earbuds
for years and have been very happy with their acoustics. I'm surprised that
these bluetooth earbuds are so positively reviewed. Returned for refund.
    they feel good they work better than expected just in terms of functionality
I didn't know about answering phone calls and touching the actual bud however 3
months on and the left earpiece has half the volume as the right earpiece which
of course throws you off and sounds like I'm hearing everything out of the right
side of my face I don't know what that's about I don't know if it's some reset
situation or what I don't know if it's going out it's still responds to the
signals and it's the pairing piece and it's still pairs like it's supposed to it
just has half the volume and I can't raise the volume on the left side anymore
    I purchased these for music/podcast listening only, so I can’t comment on
the phone call quality.For audio purposes only, these work very well. They were
fully charged out of the box, synced with my phone easily, and fit in the ear
very well. I wore them for several hours the first day, and had no issues with
them feeling loose or following out, and the battery life was no issue.The sound
may not be audiophile quality, but they’re by no means cheap sounding and for
the price these are tough to beat.
    Headphones worked for a day. The all of a sudden, the left earphone volume
became very quiet. It still plays music, but the volume level is a whisper
compared the the right earphone. Connected to multiple devices to troubleshoot.
Nothing has worked. Waste of $50. Also, it's too easy to accidentally touch the
touch-sensor when simply adjusting the headphones. It should really be
controlled by physical buttons. Disappointed in this product
    This is a an easy to use product with really good quality.  Comes in a
really nice box, making it a good looking gift.  I like how it charges the ear
bud in the case which makes it convenient.  Was able to connect to the ear buds
from my phone easily.  It fits my ear really well and has good sound quality.
    Love this! I use this everyday so far. A few hours of music, tending calls.
Sound is good and clear. Easy to pair and extra ear cushions to make the right
fit. The box holds charge for a long time. It has been a week of everyday use of
about 8hrs a day and the box is running on two lights on, still. Would
recommend.
    These earbuds actually stay put in your ears while working out and moving
about, hard to come by. I LOVE that they charge inside the case, helps me not
lose charging cords and pieces and easily. Came with lots of extra ear bud
covers, appreciated since those tend to disappear easily. These are well work
the price. I am impressed with the quality! 5*****
    I've been most impressed with the call quality (surprisingly).  I wouldn't
mind a little more bass but considering the cost, these are outstanding
headphones.  They are extremely comfortable.  I lift, intensely, 4-5 days per
week (dead lifts, squats, circuits, cardio, a lot of movement and sweat) and
have had no issues with these staying comfortably in my ears.  They pair more
easily than the other three sets of wireless headphones I own.  I really cannot
recommend these enough.  Note, that I purchased these in April and three months
later I am just as happy.
    I got these pair of earbuds a week ago, they are "Awesome",I was little
surprise of the quality, it 's great and they are really waterproof, I wear them
to take shower and listen to the song, the sound still come out very clear,on
the bluetooth side, once you connected it, they will automatically connected
everytime you took them out from the charging box like immediately, the charging
box can be power bank as well,what are great feature of it,battery life last
very long,I only charged it one time when I got them since one week ago ,very
nice product
    I guess for the price they're not bad. Sound is good for listening to pod
casts and not so good for music. I use them while riding my motorcycle and the
noise cancelation is non existent. Plus sometimes the pod gets touched,
activating Seri. But they don't cost 170.00, so yeah, they are a good deal.
    As an owner of the bose soundsport wireless earbuds I was very surprised
with the quality of these ear buds. I have small ears and right out the package
they fit perfectly. I go to the gym at least four times a week and the y never
fell out despite the rigorous activity.  I also have to say that they are very
sleek and discreet. When wearing these you feel like a secert agent because they
are so small. I would recommend this product to all of those that are looking
for good bluetooth earbuds to workout with but don't want to break the bank.
    These were exactly what i was looking for. They paired quickly and easily.
Bass is good once you choose the correct size earpiece (you need a tight seal to
create the bass chamber inside your ear canal, otherwise it will sound
tinny).I've only had them for a few days, but used them at the gym and they were
by far the most comfortable and best performing earbuds I've used.And the price
is great! I definitely recommend these.
    These work so well that my fiancé doesn’t hear a word I say! I can literally
yell at him from the next room without him flinching. I had to ask him how loud
his music was playing, but apparently the noise cancellation works that well! He
loves the quality and portability of them.
    Earbuds sound very good and stay in place when working out, to include
running. The first pair lasted 9 months before the right side when dead.
Customer service responded quickly and, after verification, sent a replacement
set right away. Overall good value for the money, very good sound, and excellent
customer service.
    Pasonomi designed nice Bluetooth earbuds with excellent quality. They can
pair each other and turn on/off automatically.  They're ideal for exercise, too.
However, it's tricky to activate and use them for the first time.
    Was looking for a quality earbud at a reasonable price cause I was not about
to spend over $100 for an apple product. I stumble upon these while browsing on
Amazon and decided to take  chance with them. I've been using them for over a
week now and i couldn't be happier. The quality is surprisingly great for the
price point, easily connect to my phone and PC, my wife can hear me clearly. The
battery life is great. Overall, this is a solid product and I recommend it.
    I run long distance and constantly have my earphones in, so these were
perfect for running. Excellent on noise cancellation and amazing overall
performance in general. The one thing that has been an issue is being unable to
communicate to the other party during a phone call. I can hear them but they
cannot hear me. Other than that, these are amazing earphones that I really love.
    So this product did not hit a 5 star for me for a couple reasons.  The range
of this product was not satisfying.  I am a delivery driver and Im in and out of
my vehicle constantly, but going to someone's door I would loose connection
fairly quick. Even after keeping my phone in my pocket I would loose
connection.That being said I still gave this 4 stars. Simply because the
hardware itself is so well put together. The beautiful carrying case that it
comes with keeps everything together. The magnetic charger is a really cool
feature and the ability to charge a second device is very  convenient.
    I absolutely love these earphones. I have really small ear canals, so any
in-ear headphones are either really pain fungus or fall out, but these are
perfect!! I can run without them falling out, and the sound quality is
fantastic. Highly recommend
    I really wanted to like these earbuds. They were affordable, comfortable,
connected easily and easy to use. However, I consistently had issues with the
right side and ultimately both sides cutting in and out while listening to
music.I couldn’t play a complete song without it breaking up or dropping out.
There is a procedure for resetting the earbuds that was supposed to resolve this
issue. The seller maintains a Facebook page for Q&A which I also viewed but to
no avail. I went so far as to get a replacement set thinking it was just the
pair I was using. Same results.Bottom line, they did not work for me and one
should not have to reset earbuds every couple of minutes to get them to work
correctly. This seems like an engineering flaw to me.Both pairs were returned to
Amazon.
    Pros: From a design perspective, the ear buds sits well in the ear. It falls
sometimes, but that is expected in these ear pods. Sound quality is okay.Cons:
The overall connectivity is very bad, Bluetooth disconnects quiet frequently.Pay
more and buy a branded set.
    Gave as Xmas gift. Was able to hear them and was pleased with the sound.
Wish the lows (bass) were a little bit more pronounced..  but I’m thinking of
getting a pair for myself.
    I know I just got these earphones today, but so far they have been working
great.  The battery life seems solid, love the charger, the sound is good. They
fit my ears just fine, didn't even need to try any of the other attachments.
The only tricky thing was getting only the right earbud to work by itself.  The
left one I had no problem doing that, but the right one was tricky.  I would
def. recommend if you need a solid pair of earbuds,.
    After I lost my favourite Bluetooth headphones, I couldn't find one to
replace it. Some of them are too big that makes me feel they are falling off.
This headphone actually fit my ears and I feel comfortable. The sound quality is
good and good for working out. The only disadvantage i would say is that the
case is too big.
    I love these headphones! The material and shape  is comfortable, comes with
multiple sizes for the piece to fit on the outer edge of the ear canal. The
sound is excellent- blocks out the sound of teenage boy playing ps4(huge plus).
I use them for audio books for nursing school while I’m doing house work. They
stay out during moving around/dancing/cleaning.
    I ordered and received these wireless earbuds about half a month ago and I
can safely say that they are worth the purchaseFor 50 or less the price is
greatI have had mine fall in water and work perfectly fine afterwardsThe battery
life is fine, but gets much better if you do keep the charging pod with youI use
one earbud at a time and I was able to adjust the size to fit mine, it works
great and lasts longCalls glitch slightly, although I don't believe it's the
fault of the productSo, I'd say they are definitely worth checking out
    I literally purchased these 4 times and all 4 times had the same issues.
Short battery life, and can't be used to talk on because the person on the other
line can't hear you. It's just this brand that is no good. I ended up buying the
TRX ones and loved them.
    I had to give my Apple earbuds to my wife because they kept slipping out of
my ears.  I did quite a bit of research before I pulled the trigger on these
Pasonomis and I’m glad I did.  First of all they fit in my ears great.  I’ve had
them out running and stayed right in place.  The sound is also very good and I
think they sound just as good as the Apples.The earbuds fit great in the
charging case and the battery life is excellent.  So far I’m very happy with
this choice and would recommend.
    Loving these ear buds! They are really easy to set up and easy to use! Great
for a mom constantly on the go! I can easily tap the ear bud, and press play/
pause/ or answer a quick phone call! They are extremely comfortable as well. I
also really like the charging case! Makes it super convenient to keep them
charged! Highly recommend them
    The Pasonomi wireless headphones are decent headphones to use. They don't
have a lot of bass and aren't super loud if that's what you are looking for but
they get the job done. They stay in your ear pretty well but can get a little
uncomfortable after using them for a while. The only annoying thing about these
headphones is the sensor on both earpieces that pauses the music. When you are
trying to readjust the earpiece and it keeps pausing because your hand naturally
touches the sensor. Other than that I'm satisfied with them.
    The earbuds pair really fast and are easy to setup.  Sound quality is good,
but it picks up a lot of background noise on the microphone.  It lasts a long
time and are easy to recharge.  I am not an earbud person, I hate putting things
in my ear but these earbuds are very comfortable.
    Overall user experience is poor: These have touch sensitive surfaces with no
feedback. So, the lack of real buttons constantly results in me accidently
pausing my music as I adjust the fit in my ear.Sound quality is poor compared to
other brand Bluetooth earbuds.The charge box for these are bulky compared to
other brands.It is difficult to open the lid of the charging box.
    The sound quality on these headphones is amazing. Before I get into that I'm
going to talk about the packaging and the case.The packaging is what you would
expect from a high-end headphone company (See picture). The case itself is super
sleek and small enough to fit in your pocket or in the small bag provided.The
headphones stay in your ear when moving around and the battery life seems really
good. I have Apple Air Pods also and these last longer than those per
charge.Overall an amazing product and worth the cost!
    Honestly, for the price I would give these 5 stars except for one reason.
When I lost the left earbud, it rendered the whole thing useless because the
left earbud works as the "parent" earbud I guess you could say? So you cannot
pair only with the right earbud, which is honestly a shame.  For the 40 bucks I
paid though, I got the sound quality, battery life, etc. that I expected, in
general pretty useful especially for working out. Some people also said it fell
out with running but I never had that issue.
    I've had other wireless earbuds but these are probably the worst. They feel
cheap, like they're gonna break if you drop them. The sound quality is average.
It's good for listening to podcasts but music is pretty staticy. The worst part
about them is the horrible rubber things that go in your ear. I've had ones that
are uncomfortable, too big or too small, but these just hurt. After about 15
minutes of these being in I have to take them out because of the sharp pain in
my ears. I've tried every size but they all have the same effect. Don't waist
your money, get SoundPEATS instead. They are comfortable and have better audio
quality for a cheaper price.
    This product arrived quickly packaged neatly in a box.  Included were the
ear buds, recharging case, charger for the case, a carrying bag, and extra
filters.  The ear buds are easy to connect to a smartphone.  The sound is great.
You can pause and play music by tapping on the ear buds.  I love how the ear
buds are magnetically kept in the case for easy charging.
    For some reason they wont pair together either one works or the other never
at the same time
    All was good for me except its not as waterproof as it says, two times in
heavy rain and it was defective, maybe it was just mine but yeah, other that
that they are pretty good for the price. The type of waterproof it is is
supposed to me up to one meter for 30mins (i think) but it is not.
    I ordered this on december 7th and today is February 26th so ive had time to
get to know them. They suck. Sometimes they do not connect and when they do on
those times the sound is low and low quality. They do not work a single earbid
at a time if thats what you want. No actual buttons to control either. Its a no
for me and a waste of money.
    so far with limited usage; it appears to be decent ear buds. I am planning
to buy a couple more as gifts (as these are getting more popular and functional
these days) and this will be a definite contender unless I can get similar
quality at cheaper price.
    Started using these right out the case, luckily they come pre-charged 100%
from the looks of it. So far I can say sound quality it awesome for for the
price, I've used other Bluetooth earbuds ranging from $800-$200, and for $50 the
quality it equivalent to the higher priced headphones out there. Had no issues
pairing, once the blue and red replicating light lights up, simply pair and that
it! Been using them for about 3 hours and with still some more juice for a bit
more. You can't complain for the price and quality, I'm definitely sold on this
set of earbuds.
    After the first charge they were great. I listen to audio books and podcasts
all day, and one charge would last a little over half the day. Now I have to
switch earbuds at least twice a day because the battery won’t last.
    After a couple days the battery life went to only 1 hour a day they lasted.
Now with them being a year old, I am throwing them away. Going to order a
different brand next.
    Delivered on time and as advertised.  Charging in the case is excellent.
Was able to recharge headphones 4 times over before we had to recharge the case.
Overall a good product in my book.
    This product was much better than I expected given the price point of this
product. These headphones are perfect for anyone who is looking for a set of
wireless headphones for the gym. These headphones stay in the entire time I'm
running and they never cut out. The battery life is very good and easily last
through an entire 3-hour workout before needing to be recharged. I can say this
enough that I am happy with this product.
    I returned these after 2 days.  I was severely unimpressed with the sound
quality.  Little/no bass quality at all as compared to my old standard
headphones that came with my phone.  Even with the volume turned almost all the
way up, I could still hear outside music & conversations taking place.  That was
day one, but I figured maybe I'd just get used to it.  Then on my second day of
use, after a full night of being on the charger, the earbuds died about 2 hours
into my workout, so pretty underwhelmed by most everything about these.
    These started off awesome. But after a couple weeks of use, the left earbud
started to lose volume. The sound QUALITY is good, covers the highs and lows
well. They fit comfortably and are easy to use. They  connect to my phone
quickly and are easy to pair with other devices.I’ve tried to reset the buds a
few times to fix the volume issue with the left bud, and it’s perfectly clean,
so I’m not sure what the issue could be.
    Purchased these last year and was quite happy with their performance until
the right ear bud stopped charging properly. Fiddled with it for a few minutes
making sure everything was clean and noticed one of the small prongs that touch
the copper pad on the ear bud was loose and recesses backwards vs engaging the
port. This is absolutely a manufactures defect, so I would avoid this item.
    Came in good packaging, but the ear-buds where very quiet, hurted my ears
due to weight after 15 to 20 min of them being in. The usb charger is a joke,
doesnt charge anything. Please dont buy these, dollar tree earbuds or 5 and
below is better than these over-priced pieces of trash. Thanks!
    I don't write a lot of reviews, but I purchased these with the intent to use
them with my personal and work cell phones. I have noticed when on a  call the
2nd phone will repeatedly disconnect and reconnect, making it hard to hear the
person on the other end of the line. also, I get complaints from everyone that
my voice is muffled and not able to be understood. the sound quality is ok, but
I really didn't purchase them to listen to music, I need them for calls.Overall,
If you are purchasing these for phone calls, i strongly recommend you find a
different product. if you just want them for music then they are probably ok.
    Good Headphones, however when I started sweating they got alittle loose and
made me worry about them falling out. Also hearing the "connecting. left channel
right channel second device connected" everytime gets alittle annoying. still
great and I love how you can charge them fast and so many times with the case.
    What a great set of ear buds for the price! My kids have the AirPods from
Apple and theses are just as good but these fit my ears better and don’t fall
out. I love them!
    I'm impressed. I have three sets (gym locker, backpack, and SUV). Not sure
on battery life as i don't use them for extended periods. I keep a battery pack
hooked up to the one in the locker. They connect every time and stay in when I
exercise. They may be big for an aficionado but for the price I think they are
great.
    Have had these for little over a year and the battery life is atrocious. Can
only use them for max 3 hours, they fall out easily, and there are times were
getting them to connect to my phone is tedious and frustrating.
    These headphones are great! The sound is amazing, fits comfortably in my
pocket and in my ears, with the waterproofing this is great for being out in the
rain or intense training, and my favorite part is I can charge the earbuds AND
my phone from the same power bank earbud-case. I will be more than happy to try
out other Pasonomi products in the near future!
    Although these paired to my phone instantly and they fit well, the sound
quality is complete crap. There is zero bass and there’s no noise cancellation
whatsoever. It’s all treble. For $50, I expected more. Very disappointed. It
seems like the sound quality was an afterthought with these. The Apple earbuds
that come with the iPhone are way, way better.
    When I received the product it looked like it had been opened before.  Plus
the left ear bud was already charged and the right one dead.  May work out for
some but not me.  IPrefer a little base.  All my songs were so high pitch I
could only listen with volume way down.  I’ll deal with the cords any day for a
little base.
    The sound quality is pretty good. I have noticed that the ear pieces
themselves seem very sensitive and unless you are wearing both of them they
disconnect if you're using them for conversations. They're also pretty
comfortable too. Normally I have issues with earbuds like these because they
fall out. These do not do that. All in all, they're decent for the price you
pay. If you're expecting Bose like quality, don't - these aren't Bose.
    I really liked these when I first got them.  But now I can’t get them to
pair correctly with each other to the phone. I end up with just one working at a
time.  Tried resetting using the video instructions but nothing has worked so
far.  The company was very good about responding but there’s a new email address
now for customer service so I’m hoping they respond with some answer.  Bought in
June and started having problems in October.
    Functions, sound are great. Battery life is good for working out but only
lasts as long as its listed. around three hours. The docking station is a
recharge unit and does not take long to recharge. Waterproof is excellent,
dropped one in the toilet fished it out dried it off and worked just
fine.Update: Earbuds not pairing anymore. Tried manual fix and nothing.
Contacted pasonomi waiting for a fix.  Had these 3 months. Will update if or not
I get a response.
    I could not be more satisfied with these earphones. From the start pairing
the earbuds was very easy. It was also very simple to connect them to Bluetooth.
As for the sound quality I was pleasantly surprised. The sound is very good with
these earbuds. I also like how you can control the volume, skipping songs,
pause/play, take calls, etc... from the earbuds. Earbuds last for about 4 hours
before charging is needed. Overall very satisfied!
    These are smaller in design so do have some connectivity/interference
issues.  If you have your phone in your pocket and are active, these might go in
and out.  If you keep the phone still, these seem to work better.
    I purchased this set of buds because it claimed to last 72 hrs on a charge,
instead you're lucky to get 2 hrs of tunes!  the bluetooth function is poor,
constantly has to reconnect, the charging is slow and the carrier does not
recharge them if not plugged in.  The largest pad for the ear is not large
enough for large ears, buds fall out easily and are very sensitive to touch,
even when you're not touching the actual area.  If I could get a refund, I
would!
    The sound and performance of the headset was crisp and balanced, pairing was
simple, they did the work on their own. It took a day or so to get comfortable
with the buttonless touch features, but after learning, it was simple and
provided a clean interface. They fit well, but I removed a star from workout
because they could fall out under heavy activity (running smooth surface fine,
but sudden stop or heavy jolt could knock them out) Great for commuting.
    I've expected to get much more quality product after reading the reviews!
Here are the main issues form me:1. Music keeps cutting out multiple times for a
split of the second2. The volume is low (you can hear well in a noisy place) and
the noise cancellation is not existent3. No bass4. The fit for big ears is not
good. Changed to XL inserts.5. Not comfortable fitting, can't wear for more then
half hour6. There was a shipping problem -not shipped for a week until I
contacted customer support.Good points:1. Easy phone pairing2. Good charging
case3. Good user manualBottom line: I'm pretty disappointed with the purchase.
Music cutting out multiple times is no go for me!
    Love these headphones! The quality of this product and for the price you can
buy it at is amazing. Very snug fit in ear, which is good for running, lifting,
or whatever type of workout you want to do. Also good for just daily use for
music listening at home or work. Sound quality, bass and noise canceling are
great! Glad I didn’t let my skepticism get the better of me with this purchase.
You should definitely buy these if your looking for some good wireless
headphones for a low price.😊
    Definitely well worth what I paid for them. Sound quality is absolutely
amazing. Comes with several different ear pieces to adjust to your comfort which
is awesome. And the fact that you can use one or two at a time or one with two
separate pieces have equipment is amazing. And if that's not good enough it's
also a portable charging station for your phone. I highly recommend
    These ear buds are great, they are such an upgrade to any wired earbuds
ever.Pros: They are sleek and unnoticed in your ear.They are very waterproof,
enough for heavy rain (all though the touch controls might get messed up a
little)The case recharges these so much it can last over a 5 day vacation
without charging the caseYou can use each one independently from the other, so
if you need constant use just switch it out when one diesThey sound great, I'm
no audiophile but these are by far the best sounding earbuds I've ever had.The
customer support is very good, if you have any problem they will do their
absolute best to help youConsThe case is very bulky, hard to carry in your
pocketEach earbud only lasts about 3 hours
    Exactly what I was looking for. Great for any exercise, yard work, or while
you sleep using single feature. Great quality audio, plenty loud, and way to
good out canceling outside noise. Best of all, they’re stupid cheap. Knowing how
great these headphones are, I would easily pay double the price.
    I really wanted to find a good pair of wireless earbuds, these ARE NOT IT.
They fit really well, the charging case is awesome.  The sound quality is
rubbish, no bass and everything sounds really high pitched.  The worst part is
getting the buds to play in stereo,  you have go through this 7 step process
that only works about 20% of the time so each time I want to run I spend my
entire workout time trying to get the farkin things to work in stereo.  I
usually give up and just listen to a mono.  There are much better products out
there I would not recommend them plus the directions etc are all in Chinese
where these things should stay.
    It’s all up to you guys  believe me or not this product won’t last any
longer so it’s better  don’t waste your time and money . I bought them a couple
week ago first week was ok second week right side earbud sound was lower than
left I and some time while listening to music  randomly  Weird noises
experience.... not worth it for the price and time
    The reviews I read raved about this product.  While the sound quality is
great, I experienced more issues than what I wanted.  On full battery life, the
right bud connected only a part of the time.  While working in my garden, I
could only be away from my phone 20 feet in order for the buds to stay connected
and not break in and out during the music or show.  Also, the battery life
sucks.  On full charge, they only lasted about an hour to an hour and a half.  I
bought these specific for cycling, but think I will keep with my other wireless
(non-true wireless) headphones.  They last longer and stay connected at a
further distance than these.Terribly disappointed.
    So I bought my first pair and had them for two days before the set started
disconnecting and reconnecting repeatedly. Called amazon and they sent me a
replacement. This set lasted about 4 days before they started doing the exact
same thing. It’s not my phone cause I have other Bluetooth devices I’ve used in
the past and currently using another due the the item above not working
correctly.  I don’t regret most purchases but these were not the product that I
was expecting.
    I used these for just over two weeks, and during that time, I was happy with
my purchase. They weren't uncomfortable to wear and sounded fine for listening
to music.But then the right ear bud stopped working. As a result, I am now in
the process of returning them.
    I love that these buds sync immediately after you remove them from their
charging case. Sometimes I only want to use one at a time, so I just remove both
and set one off to the side. The waterproof nature of them is great. They fit
snug and never feel like they are going to fall out. My son is jealous and keeps
trying to claim them as his! As soon as he can save up I'm sure he'll buy his
own pair. There is only one flaw in my opinion. I wish that the charging cord
fit inside the charging case, but I still give them 5 stars.
    Holy crap these things have TERRIBLE sound. They are so full on treble it
hurts my ears to listen to anything on them. They’re okay comfort wise, and
pretty easy to set up, but if you want ANY amount of bass, do NOT look here!
    I had two major problems with these headphones. I do not recommend them.1.
The sound went to almost nothing in my right earbud after ~ 1 month of use. I
have no idea what happened. But now it's unusable.2. The bluetooth connection
was unreliable. Every 3 days or so the earbud pair would disconnect from one
another, and I would have to go through an annoying process of getting
everything back in sync.
    I've been wanting a decent Bluetooth system for gym workouts and I finally
found it.These earbuds came quickly and were packaged well.  They fit perfectly
in my ear, are very comfortable, and don't need constant readjusting.  They
charge quickly and have a decent battery life.  I highly recommend these.
    I absolutely loved how easy it was to connect these wireless Bluetooth
headphones. The fit great and have a clear sound. The only volume control would
be on my phone which I sometimes wish could go louder (with certain songs). I
also wish the headphones had more Bass. But overall I enjoy them and they work
great!
    I love the fit of these better than iPods, I use them at work, one side at a
time so that the other is charging. The battery life is maybe 3 to 4 hours, so
using one side at a time allows me to get through my 12 hour shift as a nurse.
    I don't like carrying the case around everywhere but they fit my ears well
and are decent air pod alternatives. I am worried that there isn't a way to lock
them from other people connecting to them though.
    Been having headphone for 2 months they are noise canceling and good for
working out however not good for making phone calls. These headphones will sound
stuffy if your on a call. Also since they are touch pads you will hang up on
people for just barely touching the headset to adjust. All around only good for
music and not calls
    Love these things. Sound is amazing. Very happy I whent with these. The
price was great and they work awsome. The case is a little bulky to carry around
but it will charge the ear buds over and over again with out having to be
plugged back in.
    I would have given it five stars overall but it’s very touchy Meaning even
if you have your Hand brushes up against the unit it can stop or change
channels? It also occasionally drops in an hour but overall I like it
    I recently purchased the product and will make sure to update. Here are my
takeaways so far.Pros:-I like the touch pad capabilities on each ear bud.
Haven't seen it as hard to manage as others have said-Stay in ears during
workout-great volume and noise canceling ability-blue tooth pairing as soon as
you remove them from the case after first initial pairingCons:-case is a little
thicker than expected
    These are great! I’ve tried so many kinds of earbuds and none really have
fit, or offered any kind of sound quality. These do both! They paired easily and
work very well! I’m super pleased. If there was anything that I would have to
say negative is I wished the lifespan of the battery per charge would be
longer!!
    I own several wireless head phones costing much more than these and find
these earbuds far superior.  They sync automatically and quickly, the sound
quality is excellent even while cycling, they stand up to perspiration and the
customer service is terrific.  When I first used them the ear tips provided
permitted the bud to fall out of one ear.  I wrote to the company and they
immediately responded saying they would send me others.  Four days later a
supply of 5 alternative tips arrived and several of them work perfectly.  I
highly recommend these ear buds.
    Update: I reached out to the company and they're replacing the right ear bud
even though I was out of the year warranty. Excellent customer service!Amazing
volume control and playback features HOWEVER after less than a year the left ear
bud stopped working. I have contacted Pasonomi for a replacement pair and will
update my review if they respond.
    the volume on these earbuds when i got them were great but now when i
connect them to my phone they often are not loud even with my phone at max
volume, i have tried to unpair and reconnect them and restarted my phone. i dont
know why it does it now. no way to adjust volume on these earbudsUpdate: the
seller was very helpful and replaced the earbuds and now they work perfectly
    I bought these earbuds for the gym because my headphone jack was very
sensitive and would often stop playing music because of movement. While I was
using these, the music over the speakers on the gym was cancelled out at about
half of max volume. The sound quality is high end, and makes the purchase
definitely worth. I have had these earbuds for almost a week now and have yet to
charge them although I have used them almost every day for an hour, and the
charging case is still above 50% battery.
    Had to return because the bluetooth connevtivity is not the best. Although
this may not be the case for everyone, as I walked around my college campus, thr
bluetooth would freak out if I went under any trees.
    These are so sleek.  I got a pair of skull candy wireless buds, and they
stuck pretty far out of my ears.  These fit firmly and tight to the ear.  Very
comfortable.  Sound is great as well, I can't believe the quality.  Well worth
the money, will be returning my skull candy ones.  These were half the price.
    I wanted to like these things but over time I’ve gone to almost never using
them. They fit and sound ok but the short battery life and the fact that they
never *actually* turn off in the charging case make this a purchase I regret. I
find that when they are stored in their charging case my phone is still
connecting to them and causes confusion when I’m trying to listen to something
on my phone, take a call or use another BT device. Since they never seem to turn
off they are always dead whenever I actually want to use them. Support is
nonexistent. Junk.
    Unfortunately they do not last more than 2 hours.... Tried everything that
was suggested and still no luck....I think about a warranty for them but I can’t
find it .... so that’s not good....Otherwise I like them.... I just wish more
play time is available....
    They  worked fine when i got them for my son but now they dont work properly
either he could use one at a time but not both at the same time won't recommend.
    Have used these a few times and just put them to the running on the
treadmill at the gym test and I am very happy with these, so far.  For the lower
cost I wasn't expecting these to be as good as they are. The sound quality is
pretty good even in a loud Planet Fitness. They are snug too and handled the
running impact with no problems. I would definitely recommend them so far and I
agree with the overall positive reviews that led me to buy these.
    They work really well, once you have them in they cancel out noise and sound
quality is great, you dont need to have the volume up very loud either to hear.
The wireless controls are super helpful and is even Google voice enabled. Then
the battery last a long time and doubles as a charger, charges my phone pretty
fast but sucks out the juice so it has to be charged to use after using for
phone.
    Ive had these for a solid week at work. Used them daily for 6 hours+. They
have decent sound and fit in the ear nicely. Ive yet to run them out of power
though i do put them back in the case while not in use. Only complaints I have
thus far is the case is a bit large (though it does charge your phone if you
like), the buds are a bit difficult to get out of the case and ear, and the
rubber pieces are a bit cheap. I would recommend this product due to its quality
and price.
    Good buy. Had to send first set back because of some type RFI noise
interference that occurred during some calls that made me loose my call and have
to turn units and phone to rest to resume my call.
    I never write reviews for things, but because I had so much trouble deciding
what wireless headphone to purchase I feel like I need to share my opinion. I
was dead set on some $200+ wireless headphone because I was searching for some
that actually worked, stayed in my ears, and we’re comfortable. After reading
reviews, I decided on these and OMG you get such quality earbuds that are great
for exercising. I highly suggest and they are a great deal considering the
quality and price point! Definitely not disappointed with these!
    when i first opened up the package, i was iffy about these but now i love
them. they fit in my ear. the ear pieces have different size ear tips. they pair
quickly. great for driving hands free. the sound quality is great and i love
that it has touch activated voice command.
    After months of using these Earbuds i can tell that they last and they well
made, it comes with a case that charges the Earbuds on the go just keep that
case charged.
    Had these head phone for a week now.  They should great for the price and
easy to set up.  Very comfortable after finding my size ear bud to use. The only
disappointment was they didn't even last battery when I used them for a half
marathon fully charged. They state there 3- 4 hrs long but they died at 2 hours.
    I wear these at work. The battery life is about 6 to 8 hours. The charger
case last about 3 days to charge them. The distance for blue booth let's me go
through two office walls and to the bathroom. It cancels out almost all noise. I
love them.
    I originally made a review about this product. I received a defective pair
of headphones. The company was very fast and accommodating in trying to resolve
the problem. They sent a new pair and they are fantastic. Good quality, good
fit, would definitely recommend to buyers. Only problem I found was it falls out
of your ear sometimes, but overall great product
    The Pasonomi X9 ear buds are great for working out! I used them today to run
1.5 miles and didn’t have to adjust them at all.  I went into the weight room
after running and I only heard my music which was awesome.  The quality of sound
was fantastic as well.  I LOVE the charging case which recharges the ear buds
and I can use it to charge my phone if need be - AMAZING!  I love these and
highly recommend them.  One thing Imwiikd mention is to read the instructions
because there isn’t an “on/off” button, and you don’t want to fiddle with that
at the gym like I did.
    They worked well for a little over 1 month but now they cut in and out for
no reason and the battery doesn’t even last 3 hours. I would return but just
fell out the return window.
    I was gonna purchase another apple earbuds since one of the buds
malfunction.  Saw this and decided to give it a try since white was never my
color and this is so much more affortable.  Tried it for a week and already in
love with it.  Never like how the apple earbuds look and this has a much sleeker
design.  Cost way less and work just as great and looks much much better when is
on.  Great voice quality as well.
    I was looking for something I could wear while sleeping. I lay on my side
and these are the first ones that don’t stick out too far. The sound is good
enough, there not Bose, the battery does bout last long.
    Works well but now my right ear bud keep malfunctioning & disconnecting &
making a weird buzzing sound before it disconnects.. Other then that they work
good. Just make sure you get a different type of ear pieces as I feel the stock
ones don't seal very well enough
    They keep breaking. The ear bud looses all volume before the base battery
ran out. They sent me a replcement and i was happy, then the same thing
happened, one earbud lost all volume. Repaired with the old set to get two
working earbuds. Same thing happend again. Out of the 4 ear buds they sent me, 3
willnot produce any sound at all. ... buyer beware, graeat at first, then
repeaditly brake.
    7-23-19 update: Sound now cuts in and out unexpectedly from the left earbud
every time I use it, and the right earbud no longer works at all. Each use the
left earbud has a lot of static that comes through and no music for a minute or
two. Kinda peeved I went with the company that I thought would have good product
support and would replace my set. Turns out, that’s not the case here!Like the
product overall, however my set has a problem with the right earbud connecting
to the charging box. So the right earbud runs out of battery fairly often and
I’m forced to put them away.
    I really like this earbud set. Works well with my iphone. Sounds clear and
has good bass, not just all treble. It also came in a nice box and package,
which i'm thinking of getting another set as a gift for my brother's upcoming
birthday. I also like that the case that hold them are a portable charging
device for the earbuds as well.
    I've had these earbuds for a little over a month. They started out working
just fine and felt snug on my ear. For some reason the volume quality dropped
and the sound always comes in very low now. At first the sound and volume were
perfect. I've checked all my settings and nothing has been changed since i first
used them. I use it during some workout sessions and mountain biking rides and
they only fell out once. I replaced the inner bud with a larger one which comes
provided and never again have they slipped out of my ear.
    So when I got this product I was amazed how small and compact it is. For the
most part it does cancel out background noise, the sound quality is okay, but I
was mostly looking for a investments of earbuds cause I usually end up breaking
my wired earbuds with a few months. They fit comfortable in my ear, and it does
have a good battery life as well. Also the fact that the case is also a portable
charger is a definite plus as well. All in all, if you not that picky with sound
quality then these are definitely worth it.
    This is a great product and super easy to use. The case is compact and
travel friendly. I particularly liked the way the earbuds fit in the case with
ease as it has some magnetic setup to fit smoothly. earbuds are  comfortable in
the ears and produce high quality sound. It connects seemlessly with my mobile
and laptop bluetooth. The base can be used as the power bank and can charge the
mobile and its pretty decent too.Overall i'm impressed with this earbuds and had
to buy 4 of them for my family members.
    I loved these so much. They were amazing for about a month of heavy use.
Then suddenly the volume wouldn't get as loud, they don't hold a charge as much,
don't connect automatically, and disconnect randomly. I'm so sad because I was
thrilled I finally had awesome wireless headphones. Sending them back and the
search continues.
    I got that item a few days ago. It is easy to set up on my phone and laptop
and test them and then they worked very well. It is very great that are wireless
and reasonably priced with excellent volume, bass and treble, and ease of use
when I do something or workout. I am so happy with it.
    I was skeptical about ordering these, but I’m pleased I did! I use them
daily on the treadmill. Surprisingly comfortable and lightweight in my ears.I’m
giving this product 4 stars as my right earbud does not emit sound anymore. It
slowly started to more and more quiet. Now there’s nothing. The left earbud is
still perfect.  Wish I would’ve purchased the warranty so I didn’t have to buy a
whole new set.  I will likely purchase these again.
    Honestly i really like them, i did really like them alot, and then a day
later.. boom. right earbud went out, volume got cut in half and it sounded
horrible. emailed them, got another pair.. boom. same exact thing. tried to
email them again either for another pair of earphones or just a return.. but
guess what?? they havent gotten back to me!Definitely not worth spending your
money on at all... please do what i didnt and just spend a bit more on something
that is actually worth your money
    First of all, it was designed to be comfortable to wear. Well I felt it can
just stuck right in my ears and it didn’t hurt. Second the quality of the sound
is pure and the base is powerful and clear. This one is a nice one at such a
price and hope the quality is also awesome.
    At first it was hard for me to figure out how to pair it. After the first
time pairing no issue.I love how clear the sound is on call. The bass is pretty
good. I used it whole day doing household chores, at gym the ear piece stayed in
place. I love this one better than a name brand i got. Priced right too.
    I actually Hated but than I got awesome help from technical support team,
they went way beyond and sent me new one!  Very nice
    I just received mine & had them running in 5 minutes following the
introductions.  Mind you I’ve never had a pair or wireless earbuds before ever.
Sound quality is great, not a ton of bass but comparable to factory settings of
a car stereo...good enough for me.  Definitely cancels out spins around me & I
love not dealing with cords!!  I’m very happy!!!  Thank you for everyone’s
reviews, that’s why I purchased these.  I’m also very happy I can charge my
phone if I need to from the base.  This is perfect!
    Good sound quality. Out of the box it pre-installed with the smallest
silicone ear tips, first thing you have to change it to your size to get a
better sound quality. First few days the Bluetooth was disconnected between left
and right ears quite often but it rarely happens after week. Battery life is
good after 2-3 charge cycles the case still shows 1 light out. The only thing is
you cannot turn it off unless you put it back to the case. Totally I satisfied
with this Ear buds.
    Worked great up until it didn’t. Liked that I could use them separately or
together. Overall good buds for the price. Unfortunately the case won’t hold a
charge anymore so they’re a pain using them now.
    Worked fine for a couple months, than randomly the soft earbud covering came
off on one piece.  After that the sound quality was down, it didn't fit well,
and was uncomfortable to wear.  There is no way to get a replacement.  Will not
buy again.
    For the price its not bad for bluetooth earbuds. I would think it would come
with it's own charger block. The magnetic charger is a cool concept I found it
to be useful since my charger sits on the end table I some times knock it over
and they don't come out.
    Completely changed my music listening experience.  No cords, and works
perfectly when running on a treadmill or riding my mountain bike. My first
experience with Bluetooth headphones but they are awesome. Highly recommend this
product, so much so that I purchased another pair for my wife.
    They work good how ever I have to reconnect the every couple of days. They
pick up interfering from other Bluetooth devices there is no way to change
channels which they operate on. Battery life is good with the head ear buds and
the carrying case. I generally need to charge the carrying case less then a week
at a time and I use them twice a day for an hour and half to and from work on
public transportation.
    Upon quickly receiving these wireless buds, I put them in immediate. I loved
the sound, mic quality, and audio quality. However, after a few weeks the left
earbud began playing at a significantly lower volume. It disconnects then
reconnects after 20 - 30 seconds with no audio playing.
    The sound of quality of this product is pretty amazing I must say . Noise
cancellation  aspect  wasn’t bad nor was it super amazing  but I feel that
shouldn’t take away from this product at all.. this product is great when
hitting  the gym that mainly what I use it for . it really helps that it’s fit
nicely in your ear , battery life last pretty decent  and  and that the charger
case is almost like battery bank / charging bank .  Very affordable  price ,
great product , high usage . The most efficient product in market
    The buds work pretty well. The quality is good for what it is price at. The
buds fits well in your ear and I like how it's not very noticeable! Connection
to your phone is easy. Overall, the design and quality is good.
    The pros:-Very easy to use right out of the box. I didn't need to bother
with the instruction book to sync them to my phone.-Perfectly secure. I have
worn them while running, doing yoga, cleaning around the house with no problems.
I never once felt the need to adjust them.-Sound quality is good. Nice clear
sound with my music on full blast.The cons:As far as I can tell, there is no way
to disconnect them from the phone without going to phone settings or by putting
the earbuds back in the case. Not a huge deal but would it be nice if the
earbuds had a button to disconnect them.I'm happy with the purchase. For use
around the house and to exercise, these will be perfect.
    Durable. Left them in a sauna and still working perfectly fine. To me
they're just regular earphones without the wires. Very good sound quality, you
touch the buds to make music stop or start and can use them to activate voice
search or Google assistant. Also the buds are a tiny bit magnetic to each other
so it's easy to keep them together. Package comes with a lot of instructions and
carrying pouch. Very nice product for the price. Very satisfied. Love my
earbuds.
    These were good at first. Battery life 3 hours with full charge. You can use
only the left one by its self. The left one has the mic to use on calls. I’ve
had mine one year and now it’s going down hill and fast. The charger case won’t
charge anymore and the left earbud won’t connect. So it’s good for about a year
then it’s trash. I bought one for my spouse and his started falling apart after
one year also.
    Good earbuds for the price. I bought for listening to audio books and music,
and they sound good. Only negative I found is with phone calls. Maybe I'm just
using them wrong, but the mic never picks up my voice unless I raise my voice.
Overall would highly recommend if you are looking for a reasonable priced
earbuds for music/audiobook/podcast/etc listening.
    Affordable, easy to setup, and quality sounding.really love the feature of
tapping headphones to switch to music. i gotten the most out of it. Never will i
have to switch music from my phone ever. it charges fast and i don't have to
plug it to charge sometimes since the case for them has its own charge and it
large storage for i from the looks of it, have never fully depleted the charging
case.These headphones are great, really got my money's worth, would recommend to
anyone.
    These are great! Wonderful sound quality and fit perfectly in my ear without
falling out. Even when I'm moving around. The only downside to these is there's
a slight lag when I'm trying to make music. It could possibly be my phone lol
but not sure. Other than that, these are exactly what I was looking for.
    Had an issue with a faulty earbud and upon posting a less-than-praising
review, customer service reached out to me directly and offered not only a
completely free replacement, but also a $30 credit back to my card. New
replacement works great, you really can’t beat the price for the quality. The
earbuds seem to last forever without charging the carrier case. Good buy.
    This product was pretty good for about a week then after that the problems
started. First they started to get really hot when charging with is normal with
most electronics but these got extremely hot. then after that they started to
unpair and disconnect from my phone and each other and after getting them to
pair again they worked for about a week then it started again and now they cant
even pair to anything and I have not been able to get in touch with someone
willing to help all of the support has been have you tried this or maybe this
and after doing all those things i could not get them to replace them or get my
money back as they told me its my fault they broke and its not the product
    Tried a lot of headphones.  These are priced right and very good for music
in the gym or calls in the car.  What is most important to me was the customer
service.  The first pair I ordered were good for about a month then lost their
volume on calls and music - overall.  I wrote them and we troubleshooted it
together and could not come up with a solution. They sent me a new pair free of
charge and they have been working well.
    Just received these today. I'm usually a big spender when it comes to music
but I decided to look for some wireless earbuds that are good quality and under
$100. I came across these and after reading the reviews I decided to purchase
them. So far they fit great! My main concern was that they would fall out easily
but they fit very snuggly. I even head banged with them on and they didn't even
budge! The sound is pretty good too. Overall I am happy with this product. I'm
looking forward to getting a lot of use out of them.
    Poor design and weight. They are heavy and easily fall out of your ears.
They don't have a good bass response. The iLuv earbuds are much better.
    Very good sound. Comfortable. Easy to pair with device and each other.I have
an issue where the earbuds won't disconnect when I put them back in the case,
so, that's a problem. Have to unpair them after every use.
    Waste of money product. Looking at the reviews, don't get fooled. It stopped
working after 3 months. Our voice will never be audible to the other receiver.
Never cpnencts to devices properly. Waste of money
    Very easy to pair with phone, and stays in ear nicely. I've experienced no
cut out in my music, which I had experienced with another brand of similar
headphones. The charging station is the coolest.
    A great alternative to the iPhone ear buds. These cancel out the background
noise and allow you to focus in on the music being played. Would recommend these
headphones. Great for the gym too as they don't fall out of the ear easily.
    I usually get all my headphones from Ross for way cheap and thought they I
needed an upgrade. I got the headphones pretty quickly and I loved them. Set up
took me 30 seconds to do, and I popped those babies in and was rocking for about
2 weeks. My right earbud stopped connecting, so I contacted their customer
support. The customer support team doesn't speak English too well, but we
managed after 2 weeks of emailing to figure out the problem and they sent me
some new earphones that have worked perfectly since. Overall, I'm happy with the
purchase.
    This product is not worth $50. I have bought $20 headphones that are better
than these.Pros:+Easy to pair+They don't fall off when I'm runningCons:-Battery
only last about 3hrs-Bluetooth connection cuts in and out-The touch buttons are
so sensitive that I always accidentally pause my music or activate Google
Assistant.Side note:My co worker has the exact same buds but they are different
brands so I'm not sure what the deal is with that.
    These earbuds exceeded my expectations! I recently started running 3 days a
week and a friend recommended purchasing wireless earbuds instead of my wired
headphones. After searching online, I came across these. The reviews looked
great so I decided to give them a try. I'm so glad I did! They are light weight
and they stay firmly in my ears...I was shocked. I was sure they would fall
out...I tried to make them fall out, LOL. The sound quality is great and I am
overall pleased with my purchase. You wont be disappointed!
    Came with rubber inserts for all ear sizes!!  I love the fit, very natural
feeling and no need to keep adjusting.
    I love them These earbuds are so great, and setup was a breeze. While the
instructions weren’t perfect English, they were clear enough and the device
basically handled all of the setup for me. I’ve been very impressed with how
well the sound comes out, how these are completely sound proof, and the long
lasting battery power. The pack is a great case to keep the earbuds safe while
traveling, and I love the magnetic nature so the earbuds fit perfectly in the
case for charging. Fabulous product.
    I bought these as a gift for my fiancee. He is a carpenter and wears
headphones all day. Aside from the battery life he loved these. They are much
louder than his old pair and the call quality is really good. He likes the
rechargeable case as well.
    Nice little guys for the price. Hope they hold up!  My only complaint is the
sound quality is not very good it kind of sounds like you’re listening to music
in a tin can.
    I purchased these to watch movies on tv and listen to music. I really loved
the clarity of the sound that comes through these headphones. I mostly listen to
rock and i can hear the powerful noise coming through it.I really liked
them.Best feature is I can charge my phone with the case.
    ordered this pair and had  FALL IN LOVE with the sound quality.VERY cool and
unique looking. I was surprised with the quality and how much it works for noise
cancellation. I highly recommend this product if you looking for a good quality
earbuds for the reasonable price. This ear buds are very comfortable  for gym
workouts. Value for money and worth !!!!
    I actually heard about these from a friend at the gym, I always used my
AirPods  for working out but eventually over time the sweat would actually mess
with the Audio, so I looked into Bose only to find out there was a common
problem with the left earbud, so when I was recommended these I figured why not,
I’ve used them for a month now and I love them, only wish battery life was
longer but to compensate for that the case is very fast charging which I love!
Overall recommend if you workout!
    These are great!!! Easy to use and set up, noise cancelling quality was
impressive. Sound quality was also great while listen to music, watching Netflix
and just sitting down relaxing! Tried them at the gym and was quite impressed
they stayed in my ears and had no issues! Overall very impressed!
    After receiving this product and using it for less than 24 hours I sadly
regret that I will be returning it today.  I did extensive research, read many
reviews and narrowed it down to these.  Works great for media; callers cannot
hear me therefore I have to disconnect Bluetooth, these are so sensitive that
I've hung up on just about every person.
    I am very pleased with the ear buds! They were super easy to pair with my
android (Samsung Galaxy). I like that I can use just one at a time if I need to.
All the function options are a little overwhelming but I'm sure once I get use
to them it will be easier. Overall...very happy with this product!!
    The sound quality is mediocre, I’ve gotten better sound from cheaper
bluetooths. However the case is really nice, battery holds long charge, and the
ear buds do not pop out. I can’t see myself using these past 6 months though
    I have gone through a number of headphones, this product is the best one
I’ve owned SO FAR. I can control it to play, pause, next or previous song, even
control the volume. Moreover, I like these earbuds because they stay in place
well.
    I use these at the gym and when walking to/from class. Like it says, rain
and sweat don't affect the earpieces or case at all. They work reliably and
sound good. These actually seem to work up to 15 / 20 feet away which is
awesome.
    Bluetooth connection is horrible. Sounds like a CD skipping sometimes, or
the left or right ear bud drops out for a second. Happens way too often, for no
reason, when my phone is right in my pocket. Does it with my ipod also. Sound
quality is good, but when it's all choppy it ruins it and is very frustrating.
    Very disappointed with the quality of these buds. Sound quality very poor
and got worse with ongoing use. One ear bud only works about half the time. Set
up was easy but overall I do not recommend these. I have have better luck with
cheaper ones. Not worth the money for sure.
    Love them! They do take a couple of hours to fully charge but worth it!
Apple AirPods are too big for my ears and hurt and these fit perfectly! Would
recommend them
    These earbuds are top notch, especially for my usage. I have tested these
out and battery last me 2 days on light usage and 1 day on heavy usage. Also,
the customer service is great! First pair I got did not work properly and after
emailing them. I got a second pair working great! I highly recommend these if
you're looking for wireless earbuds.
    These work well if you're using it for working out. Not so much if your
using it for hands free calls... that's where the quality lacks. I can hear the
caller fine but they cant hear me well, everyone says I sound distant.  Still
keeping them since they work great for music or audiobooks during workouts.
    I use these for running and also for watching movies on airplanes.  They are
not good for phone calls, but I wasn't using them for that anyways.
    Product is amazing, I've gone through 3 different types of earbuds but none
are as good as these. They never slip or fall off your ear, sound quality is
great and the design is really nice and clean. The only complaint I have so far
is that the connectablility of the device can be iffy at times but for the
majority of the time it works great. Another thing is that I could be tricky to
first set them up but you'll get the hang of it pretty quick. Overall great
product and miles better than others I have tried.
    I’ve done tons of researches. I’ve gone to Best Buy and stuff. I got a Bose
soundsport at Best Buy. The fit is not as good as this though the sound for Bose
is better but it would always fall when working out.  I ended up returning them
and went with this.  Worth the try for this great price! Also I got a 3 year
warranty for a really cheap price. I figure it won’t go wrong with that!
    The is a very good, and affordable. Battery long lasting, my favorite
feature is, the how easy it is to connect to my stuff. Mark you, it can only
connect to 1 device at a time, but I have it pair to my laptop and 2 phones.
Which ever device I am using I just turn off BT on the other and bam connect no
issue.Customer service was quick and good for me, they are prepared for
anything.
    -buds are magnetic to their case with a tight lid ensuring the buds will
stay in place-given cushions are provided for ears of varying sizes, comfortable
fit-7 handy types of touch controls (answer/drop call, pause,/play music, volume
up/down, talk to siri)-given customer service and contact information to
company-fairly lightweight and comes with mini drawstring pouch-water resistant
and easy to clean-communicating lights indicate when to pair buds to device,
charging status, etc.
    I've been using mine for months, and I'm happy and satisfied with it. I like
the fact that I could charge it whenever I need to. The sounds are not bad
either. Their customer assistance is quite good, by experience. I accidentally
dropped mine into the water and contact them immediately since I can't hear the
sounds anymore. But then it worked right after I sent the message. (yes, it did
worked! thank goodness!) Then received their reply the next day. So far, I don't
have a problem using it.
    These earbuds are great for listening to music and everything. But if you’re
going to use it to call people, it’ll be hard for them to hear you. I wanted to
use this so I can listen and call but I can’t use it because the person on the
line can’t hear me very well. Overall, don’t buy it if you want to use these for
answering phone calls but for music and working out, I recommend it.
    Arrived today and the packaging is excellent. So far the charge has lasted
for 2 hrs of music. I gave a 4 star on sound quality because I prefer my music a
little louder and more bass, other than that it is well worth the money. Very
nice product.
    Really great sound quality! Battery life on the earbuds lasts hours, the
charging case battery can last me over a week, possibly even 2 weeks!! Great
product for the price.
    ......comfortable, easy pairing, nice build quality.  But just like all the
other earbuds I've tried---even expensive ones like the Jabra 65t, if it's not
AirPods, the sound quality is tinny and hollow.  These may be great for
listening to an Audible book, but listening to music is underwhelming.
    I have to say that i was okay with the product when i first received it.
However, the sound quality is normal, no bass at all. and the worse thing is
when you put the earbuds in the box and carry it on the packet. The earbuds will
detach from the box and automatically connect to your phone and it is quite
annoying... have to return it. I am also surprised that not a single review
mention this problem...
    I have had these ear buds for over a year and I haven't had any problems.
The sound is loud and I prefer it over any other earbuds I have tried. I do wish
the battery life was longer, but oh well. I also wish there was a one bud mode,
but I can't complain because of the amazing deal this product offers. It's
affordable and an overall great product.
    There's not a ton of bass, but I imagine that would impact battery life. I
can usually get about 3 hr life out of them, which works well for before/after
lunch but sometimes they seem to drain more quickly than others. Overall, very
good deal for the price.
    My kids are more tech savvy than me...however, I was easily able to set up
and use these earbuds.  And - I love them.  More long runs with music are in my
future.  The earbuds were comfortable and they didn't fall out upon
bouncing/bounding/shaking my head.  They stayed charged long enough for a long
run.  Still able to hear noise around me, but sound quality great.  Didn't hurt
my lobes or inner ear at all.  Recommend for sure!  Beats having wires during
workouts.  Happy my technology usage is blossoming.
    I had no problems pairing my earbuds to my phone and every time I take out
of the charging case it automatically connects. I love the sound quality of the
earbuds. I also love the fit of the earbuds also. Fits very snug into my ear and
never falls out or feels loose. the battery life is very descent and last a nice
long time then I put one back in charger and take the other out and use it while
the dead ones charge. Overall very satisfied with the purchase of these earbuds
    The headphones fit in your ear great and setup is easy.  If you like sound
quality when listening to music then these are not for you.  The sound is
horrible no bass what so ever, it almost makes the music sound weird.  There is
so much treble it almost hurts your ears if you turn them up louder.
    The ear buds fit nicely. I usually only use one at a time and was thinking
that they could be used individually. The left bud is a master and has about a
4hr life. But as a bonus i can charge my phone with the the usb port. I should
have done more research... Still working.
    I REALLY liked these earbuds when i got them back in November 2018. (it is
now April 2019)  Used them 1 or twice a week i would get a good run in.  Now the
battery is dying after a 10 minute phone call.  I have requested an exchange w/
the seller.  I hope they stand behind their product.
    They paired immediately and perform well.  Clear sound.I use them daily and
need to charge the case about every 10 days. Pods run for 3 hours or more before
they require a recharge via the case.
    These little guys are pretty amazing.  I haven't done a hard workout in them
yet, so can't speak to their ability to stay in then, but based on their general
hold during normal use even with vigorous head turns and whatnot, they stay in
well.  My only complaint is the battery life, which really is to be expected
from something as tiny as they are, you get a couple hours then need a quick
recharge.  Very clever design overall.
    Sound quality is really good, until you try a phone call. For whatever
reason, phone calls are terrible in quality on your side but the mic is good as
whoever I'm talking to can hear me fine. Weird shape but you get used to it.
Dont buy if you have small ears or you have trouble with normal ear buds
already.
    I like the feel in my ears, usually anything inside my ear is uncomfortable
but these ear buds feel great! They are durable and easy to connect, even for a
gramma with no experience . I opened the box, turned on my Bluetooth and voila
music!
    No wires is awesome. Battery life is at minimum what they say it should be,
maybe longer. I tend alternate them, when one starts dying just put it away and
pull the other out. Sound is good, comfortable, not very noticeable too. One
thing I wish they were better at is blocking out sound. It's not bad but could
be better because they dont get in there like other earbuds. I'm very satisfied
with these
    Love these headphones. They come in really swanky packaging, great for
gifting. The instructions are in broken English so I was a little concerned, but
no worries. The headphones practically set themselves up and are so easy even a
technologically challenged person like me could do it! They come with different
size ear pieces to customize and the sound is fabulous! Looking forward to
enjoying these for a long time!
    These earphones are great. Good buy If you're looking for wireless earphones
for the gym, running, ECT. For sure my favorite Bluetooth earphones to date.
They fit and stay in the ear perfectly. I really like the case these earphones
come in, it's small and portable and charges the earphones which is awesome
because my last pair of Bluetooth earphones would constantly die mid workout
because I forgot to put them on charge the day before. would for sure recommend
these.
    Kudos to amazon for super fast delivery! The product itself is actually
really good. The battery lasts a long time and it comes with a little charging
case. Good sound. I listen to podcasts so I don’t need anything fancy like Bose
headphones. I like it is all :)
    It has satisfying sound quality and playback time. Comparing to my previous
Apple airpod, It is a huge bonus I don't have to charge it often and much
cheaper (however, not as good quality material as airpod).
    The ear buds are supposedly supposed to turn off automatically when they're
placed in the charger. Mine did not. They kept trying to pair with my phone
making it impossible to connect to any other device. Even selecting "Forget This
Device"  did not work. After dealing with the issue all day I threw them against
the wall in a fit of anger. To their credit, they still worked. Unfortunately my
tantrum did not fix the problem, but a hammer did.
    Wife raves about these so gift success! Her only issue is she has found no
way to volume up. So far she says these are the best ones yet and we have tried
a lot. So good I bought another set for my mother.
    These are great. They Bluetooth immediately, stay charged, have great sound,
and don't fall out while I run. I can use one or two, and the charger box is
really nice! Also excellent customer service! I'm ordering more for friends and
gifts.
    Decent headphone quality that last less then 6 months but save your money
and buy different pair. 3 months in the right bud was only at about 10% volume
and less then 6 months the headphones no longer charge and are useless.
    I received my Pasonami Bluetooth earbuds yesterday, and I love them. I used
them all night last night and all morning this morning, and they're great. Sound
quality is phenomenal, and the touch control is easy to use. Couldn't be
happier!
    These simply aren’t IPX7 headphones. I’ve gone through 2 pairs in 3 months
due to an earbud cutting out. They aren’t waterproof. After the second pair I’m
going to have to try something different. The first pair I got were great for
about a month then the right earbud would only reach about 50% volume. The
second pair out of the box were cutting out and constantly disconnecting, I have
them a shot regardless and ran into the exact same issue. If you don’t use them
with water I’m sure they’re fine but they’re simply not waterproof headphones.
    I brought these earbuds nearly a week after losing the charging case for my
older ones. Compared to the other one I had, this was dissapointing. The maximum
volume is HALF that of regular earphones. Unlike $200 AirPods and the ones I
had, this didn't cost HUNDREDS of dollars, and surprisingly, didnt take too much
to connect. Those were the good qualities. But I loathe these earbuds for its
sound quality and volume. However, I will still use this as a portable charger.
    They fit nicely in your ears and stay there.  The sound quality is good.
Free front wires at last!
    I liked these a lot at first. They worked very well for workouts and
running, etc. But after about a month, the left earbud stopped working : no
sound issued from it though I could tell from the light that it was charged and
turned on. I contacted Pasonomi and they were helpful and ultimately replaced
the unit. It is now a little over three months with the new unit and the same
problem just happened again. I am very frustrated and would no longer recommend
this product.
    I bought these as a gift for my husband and was very disappointed to have to
return them because the right ear bud will not charge and won’t work. The case
was nice and the left one worked ok. He did mention that the sound would crackle
as if the connectivity was weak. He also stated that he wished it had more base
but did fit in the ear well.
    I've had these earbuds for a week or so and am returning them today...they
produce a decent sound, but the battery life is horrible; I have to charge them
every two hours. They easily fall out of your ears and they have sound or
connectivity issues at times; at times they sound like a very old choppy drive
through speaker.Never really figured out the "touch" operation on them either,
sometimes you tap the earbud and the music stops playing, other times it turns
on "Bixby/Siri".  Don't waste your $50 buying these poorly made earbuds...I'm
going to try a pair that costs under $30...wish me luck!
    These headphones do not work together and when I finally do get him to pair
together they only work for about 15 seconds and it gets all staticky and then
they both just turn off and my phone shows that it's playing the video or the
song but no noise comes through the head phones. The only one I can use
successfully is the right ear Bud and the left ear Bud does not work at all.
Unfortunately I kept these too long and the refund policy is only like 30 days.
Which in my opinion should be longer. At least 60 days. I am very unhappy with
these please please do not buy these earbuds. I should have known since they are
from China. I FEEL CHEATED!!!!
    I know a few people who have been able to find Bluetooth headphones for
cheaper than these, but honestly, none of them measure up to the sound quality,
durability, and battery life of these. Highly recommend, this is not an item you
want to save on. They work with my phone, my laptop, my tablet, and their range
is very impressive; I'd say about 15-20 ft! I'm never going back to wired
headphones again!!
    Excellent value earbuds!!!  I really liked the earbud design as they fit
well into my ears. I haven't had any issues with them falling out unlike
traditional ear headphones.  These earbuds have quality acoustic sound and are
plenty loud.  They were easy to link up to my phone and came in a nice
protective charging case.  I'm very happy overall and the battery lasts several
hours.  Overall great quality for a reasonable price.** HINT- At first I
couldn't open case... but realize its easier to open from the sides.
    love the ear buds comfortable and work perfect for working out and cycling
they sound really good too. you can also mess with the settings on your phone to
adjust  the sound.
    Bought these with high hopes due reviews but unfortunately right earbud went
out within 2 weeks of usage. An alternative reason I purchased was to charge
phone, but that too is ineffective.I still wear left earbud but after 10-15 min
it tickles/itches my ear & I need a break.Company will not reply after leaving
multiple warranty claims both on Amazon & company website.REAL CUSTOMER-NOT
RECOMMENDED
    These are amazing! I am a dog groomer, so i use these while i am drying
pups, and the noise canceling is amazing! The volume goes very high, which is
fantastic to drown out the noise of the dryer.  The battery life is fine for me,
it lasts about 4 hours, give or take with no charging inbetween uses, but i
usually charge for 20 mins here and there throughout an 8 hour day! And for less
than 50$? I am going to buy my husband a pair for Christmas! Love love love!
    The good: Connects easily and stays connected without issue plus battery
life is long.The Bad: It notifies you when a call is incoming  with a female
voice that if you answer to quick the person on the other line can hear her.
Sound Quality isn't that great, Not comfortable for long periods of time.
Charging pack is quite large.BIGGEST ISSUE, BEWARE OF THIS: to answer a phone
call is one touch, and to hang up is one touch. Incredibly annoying if you need
to adjust your earphone mid-call. Almost guaranteed to hang-up by mistake. I
don't recommend this product.
    Very good product for the price.  Great sound, very simple to use compared
to other wireless earbuds I have bought.  I use them in the gym everyday and
always stay in place which is great.  The case is a great feature, where it
keeps the headphones always charged, and rarely has to get charged it self.  I
have only had to charge the case one since I got it.  The headphones also last
multiple hours so the battery life is also very good on those.
    Purchased in February it’s now May, the left ear speaker is failing volume
is very low compared to the right speaker when fully charged. For all the good
reviews I thought they would have lasted longer, not satisfied with this
product, would not recommend.
    Been using these daily for months. They are so comfortable I often forget
they are still in. I've dropped the case several times and still no issue at all
with charging. Also the range on the earbud from the bluetooth device it's
connected to is quite impressive. I often leave my phone charging on the counter
and walk all over my appartment with no interruption in the signal.
    I bought this product for my son who enjoys playing games on his laptop and
I prefer not to hear his sound blasting from the laptop. He said that most of
the time they work decently. However, once in a while, only one earbud would
work. I am not sure if this is due to the connectivity or the actual mechanics.
He seems to prefer it over the traditionally large earphones. He's also a
smaller child and did mention that sometimes the earbuds fall out even with the
smallest ear cover. Overall, a good buy for a wireless earphones if someone
cannot afford to buy AirPods
    They started off as great headphones but I figured it was too good to be
true. I’m writing this review 7 months later. I used these for work a lot but
after a while I noticed the sound quality wasn’t there and the bass was starting
to go. The next and final thing was the battery life, it went from 7-8 hours to
3-4 and would barely charge my phone with its battery back, completely
disappointed in my investment.
    At best, for me was 2 hours of Play time on a single full charge! Also at
slightly less that a Year of ownership one of the two electrical contact for
charging the right bud had become depressed enough that it would not charge when
the right bud was placed into the case to be charged. So be cautious when
installing them to charge! Should it not flash red. then there is a problem with
the contact(s) or the charger itself need to be charged.
    I use these when I go tanning. It is a stand up bed so I have to have
wireless earbuds. The sound is very clear and my battery still hasn't died on
them! They are very comfortable in my ear and paired easily with my phone. They
have saved me from boredom and singing to myself while tanning!
    I have used these for about 3 months and just recently started having
issues. The right side stopped working but it seems to be a problem with the
left and right side connecting to each other because it still charges and lights
up (so it's not completely broken). I've tried repairing them with my phone and
a few other tricks I read in reviews online but nothing helped. All in all
they're not bad headphones. The sound is pretty decent and they're comfortable
to wear for a couple hours. I had no problems with them until the connection
issue. Just unfortunate that they didn't last very long.
    They work good, only thing I don't like/understand is that once paired, if
you pause your media, they disconnect within a minute or two, only to
immediately reconnect, then disconnect a minute or two later (a voice announces
this each time). This continues until you press play again. It's not too
annoying but it is a little bit.
    Great product! They work amazing well you can walk away from your phone at
least 30 feet without interruption. Fits perfectly in your ear without falling
out Bluetooth ready. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a small set
of wireless headphones.
    I use this headphone while doing several exercises (walking, hiking etc) and
at home while working. The sound is great. Is stays in your ear without any
problem (has several options to match your ear) and does excellent job in
canceling noises. Phone calls also works great both ways. Highly recommended
    I like this earbuds for listening to music and that's about it tbh. I bought
them for calls on discord discreetly and to listen to music while I workout.
They have difficulty connecting and drops calls sometimes. The voice quality is
awful. Barely picks up bass for music but has been helpful to listen to music on
the train and working out.
    Don't stay charged, cant have just one earbud in you have to wear both, and
the touch features are off. Waste of money.
    I liked how effective the noise cancellation is. Very noticable. The quality
is excellent. The battery life... Can be improved, but its not the worst. The
biggest complaint I have about this is the fact the right side is now for some
reason incredibly quiet. Like, barely any sound can be heard, and when I can
hear from the side, the quality isnt the best. Besides that, it's still a
excellent choice for anyone looking for wireless earbuds.
    I love this truly wireless bluetooth earbuds.  They connect flawlessly to my
phone as soon as they are pulled from the charging case.  The case keeps the
buds constantly "topped off" so I do not have any downtime when using them
sporadically throughout the day.  I had an initial issue with the build of one
of the earbuds, but I contacted the seller and they replaced them immediately!
Great customer service!
    For this price, it's pretty great. I bought these to replace my missing
Jabras and am pleasantly surprised by them. The sound is very similar, the
battery life surpasses the Jabra, and id say the only noticeable difference is
the fit. For nearly 100 dollars less I'm very willing to overlook it. It's not
as snug as some of its more expensive competitors but some may think that a pro
rather than a con. I didn't think I'd find anything affordable with decent
quality but this comfortably met all my criteria
    I am somewhat not happy with the earbuds. I bought these in may and the
right earbud stop working and will not hold a charge. Have had not success with
getting in contact with the company to return them or replace them .
    I read tons of reviews of different wireless earbuds. The highest rates were
all well over $100. I saw these and figured I would try them out. They’re
amazing! I was pleasantly surprised. The only thing I will say is I have a
tragus piercing that doesn’t allow the earbud to sit right in my ear sometimes
and it doesn’t allow for full noise cancelling but it’s not a big deal to me.
Just something to be aware of if you have his piercing.
    These are decent ear buds, especially for the price.  I did have some issues
with off balance volume, but the issues were quickly resolved with the help of
Pasonomi customer service.  The sound is good with these ear buds and fairly
simple operation.  My only complaint is the battery life.  They run out of power
at 2 21/2 hours.  All in all, a good purchase.
    The only negative I have is that the battery life is just a little shorter
that the description says. However, for the price and quality of the sound I
would definitely purchase these again.
    I’ve really enjoyed this product. It’s been very reliable and the sound
quality is very good. The noise cancellation is not that robust but it’s
acceptable!  Also, with the different sizes for the ear plugs, my 8 yr old
granddaughter is able to use them as well!
    I was excited to get these since i have been useing some cheaper knock offs
of the apple....ghinking im fixing to get sometime a little better...there is
zero bass in these earphones what so ever compared ti my chesp ones...the music
just didnt sound realistic honestly.....was just disapointed  that there is zero
bass and all treble it almost hurts your ears to listen to them....wish the was
a way to adjust them some how
    I gave this 3 stars mainly because how they fit. For the price these ear
buds are pretty good, i wish the fit better, they seem to JUST not fit quite
right. But thats where a $200 pair would stand out. The sound is good, you can
tell the bass isnt the best if you play something thats bass heavy, but
otherwise sound is good. Otherwise everything else is decent, could be better
but definitely not bad for the price.
    After two weeks of wearing these they stopped connecting. I love them but
they crapped out pretty quickly. Customer service took over a week to send me
out a new pair, still haven’t gotten them. I need these for work and it’s been a
hassle dealing with this. Wouldn’t buy again.Got a replacement set and it just
stopped working after a few months in. I barely use these and both pairs were
trash
    Ear buds have a nice snug fit. They cancel out outside noise fairly well.
Good voice quality for making phone calls. Just be careful with left ear bud.
Tapping it ends phone calls and the sensor is pretty sensitive so if you are
adjusting it while on the phone make sure to only touch outside of ear bud. I am
very pleased with them. They are much better than I expected
    Good product for price. The battery life is closer to 3 hours than to 4.
I’ve tested it multiple times in the first week I’ve had them and they have not
been close to 4 hours in play time. Also, got in sauna for 5 mins and they
started acting up. Sound would decrease very slowly on it’s on. I wish it had
more BASS.
    I got two of these as gifts, one for my brother and one for my dad. They
both can't say enough good things about them. They really like the sound quality
and long charge life. I know for certain they are soundproof because you could
yell from a yard away and they wouldn't hear you.
    This earbud worth its price. Although it is not the best I have ever owned,
it becomes one of my daily carries. It is lightweight easy to carry and also
easy to wear. It can stay in my ears very well and insulate the outside noises.
I have not found frequent Bluetooth disconnection yet, and there is no lag when
one watches videos. Overall, it is a decent product.
    My son wanted the Apple version of these but not on my budget. I gambled
with these and won. He really loves them. The design it good and the case is
nice. He wasn’t at all disappointed with the quality
    These earbuds are great for running or working out. The box is very
practical, and I can also charge my phone with it. I use them at work and at the
gym. Sound quality and battery life are perfect, great purchase.
    I've had these headphones for a few months now; at first they were great-
cancelled out noise perfectly, volume was awesome, battery lasts forever, etc.
All of a sudden the volume of the headphones slowly began to progressively
decrease. Now at TOP VOLUME the headphones are barely at a whisper and it's only
getting worse. No I did not drop them in water or damage them. I keep them in
their case, charge them every few days... and still the volume is slowly getting
lower and lower. For $50 I expect a product that lasts longer than a few months.
10/10 do not recommend wasting your money on this brand.
    Excellent product. Arguably the best in this price range. The earbuds are
extremely comfortable and even after long hours of usage don't hurt. The fit is
perfect for me, but you can adjust it with the different ear tips provided with
the earbuds to fit your ears. The sound quality is great for the price they get
more than loud enough. Battery life is also great with around a solid 4 hours.
Overall great product would recommend to all friends and family.
    Good sound but they’re annoying to connect and the don’t work away fromTheir
base. When I called for help they said that it was “normal” my right head phone
wouldn’t work. Can’t use them on a run which is primarily when I’d want both
working
    Received these about a week ago. Plugged them in so they had a full charge,
took the earbuds out of the case found X9 in Bluetooth and pairing was done.
Great fit out of the box and plenty of other sizes available. Had good sound and
battery life was really great. I put in 3 - 4 hrs a night as custodian and
happened to put in about 3.5 hrs and still had good battery left in the buds.
Really like these and fact the case will charge the earbuds and you phone is a
big plus.
    These headphones are awesome. They are much more comfortable that past
headphones I’ve used. Soft in the ears. I have had these well over a month and
use them nearly every day. I recently traveled out of the country and the charge
on these lasted both my flight to my destination and my flight home with battery
power left. Great product especially for the price.
    Nope. I tried these as replacements for my wired earbuds. They keep cutting
out. Totally destroys the sound experience. 2 feet away with my iPhone X. Not
much bass at all. The touch control to advance to the next song is sporadic.
Most of the time it just pauses the song rather than advance (double tap).
Unless your strapped for cash, get Apple AirPods instead. The only good thing is
fitment. Really disappointed and I’m going back to wired.
    These headphones sound like you stuck your head in a trash can. The fit
hurts after a little while of wear. I had to take one earbud out because it left
my ear raw. Battery life is good and the charging case is really nice but other
than that you definitely get what you pay for unfortunately.
    these are really great. they are a little more expensive than some others i
have purchased but they are a bit more higher quality as well. great sound and
fit and people tell me that they can hear me really well when im on the phone
and using them.
    I can't believe these were only $25 when Amazon had a deal. I should've
bought 2 pair. They have great functionality and quality sound. Very pleased
with my purchase
    These headphones are great, easy to use and with decent sound. I like that I
can charge my phone with the case if needed. But most importantly, the customer
service is excellent. I dropped the left bud in water a while ago which broke it
and contacted their customer service. They responded quickly and told me they
would send a replacement immediately. It arrived about  2 days later. I was very
impressed
    Received the earbuds fast and on time which is always great. Sound is great
imo. Sound cancellation is great for me and also they perfectly fit my ear which
a lot of headphones don't so that's awesome. Definitely would purchase another
for myself if needed and would recommend for friends. As for battery life I
haven't had it long enough or have used it long enough to let them die
completely yet but from what Ive use fits decently long. Great product.
    Likes: They're wireless (obviously) and the earbuds don't take very long to
chargeDislikes: Both earbuds have to be on at the same time instead of having
the ability to use one and keep the other one off. Don't like that keep a charge
for any longer than 3 hours when using continuous playback.
    Amazing!!! This is my first time purchasing wireless headphones and these
have been great! They last long (long battery life) and they fit comfortably
(they come with different sizes in the package). The sound is phenomenal! The
sound is something that's really important to me, and these did not disappoint.
Very happy with my purchase!
    They are NOT shock absorbent and as such they cut off while walking and
jogging . I highly recommend you invest more money and purchase a better quality
ear buds . I do not like to return items because they do not cost much but I am
writing this review to advise you NOT to purchase these ear buds . Low Quality
due to poor design that leads to ineffective sound product . STAY AWAY.
    These headphones do not have good bass output. There is entirely too much
treble, therefore the volume level is not very high. While working out at the
gym I had to have the volume turned all the way up. in order to cancel out noise
and was still able to hear gym sounds. My husband owns the Upper Fit wireless
headphones and the are much better than this pair. The battery life was as
described and very good quality. The overall build quality of these headphones
is high quality. I truly loved these headphones until listening to them the
first time.
    I used these for a half marathon and they stayed in place the entire time. I
ran with my sister so she had one and I had one. Which was a fun way to listen
to the same music.Battery life didn’t last the entire time that day. So probably
lasted around 2.5 hours.These are great for everyday use. Really like the
ability to tap once to pause my music.Love that the case recharges them.
    I found the Bluetooth earbuds help me a lot in reducing the surrounding
noise so I decided to buy her this as a gift for my wife. This pair is the most
easy to use ones out of all bluetooth devices I had bought before. Moreoever, it
has the longest battery life.The earbuds are easy to use. The automatic pairing
is very easy to use. The earbuds will automatically pair when I take them out of
the charging case.
    Great product.  These wireless earbuds sync and connect very easily.  They
fit very well in the ear and have multiple ear pieces to get the perfect fit.
They last about 3 hours and charge quickly in the holder.  Sound is pretty good
and great to have.
    These are my first pair of wireless earphones, for $50 you get a well made
set. The earphones fit like a glove and the box is awesome, you can even charge
your phone with the box. Only thing I wished would be different would be the
bass level. I love bass and these don’t seam to have any. Other than that I
still love them for my intense exercises
    I received the earbuds yesterday and wore them today while mowing.
Excellent sound quality and noise cancellation.  Amazing product for the price!
    I recently bought a pair of Pasonomi Bluetooth wireless earbuds the sound
quality is better than I expected and the noise cancellation is very
exceptable,I would highly recommend model TWS-X9 ear buds to anyone for jogging
working out in the gym pretty much any kind of activity they fit very well and
Bluetooth connecting is pretty much effortless.I would recommend these to anyone
looking for a good product at a reasonable price.
    Pros: Good sound quality, great noise cancellation (literally, at times I
can't hear things even when music isn't playing)Cons: "You get 3-4 hours
continuous music playtime" I'm lucky if I get 2 hours of continuous playtime.
Maybe the one I purchased is malfunctioning or something but it can't last
through 1 gym session without dying.Overall, for the price, they are great but
the battery life is iffy.
    I have an expensive pair of ear buds that came with my phone and my teenage
daughter wanted her own pair. These fit the bill and have made her happy.Pros:
priceEase of buttonsFast chargeSound qualityCons: not a fan of noise
cancellingSetup was slightly confusing (user error)Overall these are of great
quality and I would definitely purchase again.
    As I unboxed the product I was disappointed to find that I only received the
charging case. No headphones were included! Returning, obviously.
    These are great wireless headphones. They sound great and fit well. There
are different size pieces to fit in your ear snugly. Long battery life. They
connect fast to my phone and stay connected. Easy functionality. The reason I
bought these is for traveling. Not only does the case charge the earbuds
themselves but you can also charge your phone from their case. I am definitely
purchasing these again for my kids for our long trips.
    They are very comfortable in the ear. Cancel out noise very well. The fact
that they come with a case that charges them and a bag helps with anti lost. My
favorite features are how you can tap to change songs or talk to Bixby through
them to answer or make calls. Well worth the money
    Waste of money. The right earbud on my pair has stopped charging. Prior to
that, the buds almost never pair to the phone seamlessly. I wanted to use these
for running but the last thing I want to do during a run is stop and mess around
with pairing some janky earbuds. Better off with wire earbuds. So many devices
out there these days with more technology than the cheap manufacturing can
handle.
    When I first got these earbuds I was excited. They had great quality and
sound. One thing they never did was allow me to use to talk on my phone. After 2
yr. The buds don't stay connected to my phone ... So unfortunately I have to buy
new ones...
    I've only been using this product for a few days, but in the short time that
I've been using it I have to say they work quite well. The only downside I have
noticed thus far is that occasionally the right earpiece fails to connect via
bluetooth AND the battery life is a bit low - but I believe it's not too far off
from what was advertised. Overall, I think its a great product and a big step up
from what I using previously!
    I absolutely love these earbuds. Theyre loud and cancel out noise so its
good if you are working out or even if you want to study and listen to brown
noise. Something to note is that the earbuds are very sensitive to touch but
thats moreso a pro in the long run than a con as you get used to it. They pair
very easily and they last a while. Best of all they fit in snug and dont come
out. No more wire. No more untangling cables. No more mess.
    I had a bit of difficulty pairing. There isn't much to guide you when you
search the web; however, once that hurdle was past - the sound quality is
amazing; and, the fit is very comfortable. It is well worth it's cost.
    Used and abused a pair hard. Though flop sweat runs in the rain they endured
for 4 months. Each piece holding a charge for 2+ hours (not sure what their
limit was but I never reached it.) Eventually my right ear piece stopped holding
a charge, I emailed their support and on the same day theyb replied to me and
they IMMEDIATELY SHIPPED ME A BRAND NEW PAIR. Which had been working amazingly.I
highly reccomend both these headphones as well as this company.
    I'm very skeptical with headphones or earbuds, but this "Pasonomi TWS-X9"
are actually really good. ONLY PROBLEM is you have to replace the silicone Ear
Tips for a better ones or the sound quality will not be as good if you keep the
originals, i did it and after that i liked them. I like them so much that i
don't use my "Bose earbuds" anymome. (The most expensive on the market)To be
fair and honest you can do almost everything with this earbuds just like the
name brands without having to pay a lot.
    Product was ok at first. I started off using just my left ear piece mostly.
It was ok for that. Sound isn’t great but it’s ok. Problem I had most and is
annoying is when I had both in my right ear piece is cutting in and out
constantly. To the point where I don’t even want to wear them anymore. I’ll be
looking for a new product elsewhere..
    Good. Small and light. Very easy to connect to my iphone. I like black. And
sound quality is good and clear. It looks cool. I wear them every day and easy
to clean. Just they are a little big to my ear. And overall it worth the price
    Bought these for work (desk job) so I could listen to music/podcasts. Great
because one can charge while you're using the other one so I can still hear
everything around me and dont feel rude when someone walks up. I've had no
problems with them after about 2 months. For the price I dont think you'll get
anything better. Sound quality is pretty good too.
    So far I am loving these earbuds! The sound quality is great and I hear
enough bass in the music. Unfortunately on phone calls I have to tell for the
person on the other line to hear me, but I hear them very well. I was most
shocked that they fit so comfortably in my ears!! I have a hard time finding
earbuds that fit my ear without hurting or falling out. Hopefully with some more
playing around with them I'll figure out how to make sure I can be heard better
on calls.
    These wireless headphones are first and foremost, a great purchase for the
price. They function as bluetooth earbuds should. From my experience, the fit
and comfort, sound quality, and battery are all what I was looking for in a
product. Very pleased!! As a dancer, I really wanted the headphones so that I
could dance without disturbing others in the studio with music. Even with many
movements, these headphones stay in place and do their job. Recommend!
    These started out ok but by the 3rd day 4get began to make this loud noise
during phone swings calls that sound like hair clippers in my ear.  Whomever I
would talk 2 would ask why my phone sounded that way.  The call would then drop.
I don't reccomend this product
    These ear buds are amazing for the price but the best part about them is the
battery even the samsung pods dont last this long. The fact that it doubles as a
portable charger is a life saver!
    I bought these roughly two months ago and the right earbud no longer works
correctly.  It only produces very low sound output. Tried reset, and other
recommendations troubleshooting steps to no avail.Update: Updating the earbuds
actually eventually works. The right just had an earwax buildup. Upping review
to 4 stars
    These are great for music but terrible for calls. Duration is as good as
advertised. The charging case and backup battery are nice but mine could not
charge them both up once.
    Ordered these after a 24.99 Amazon Deal of the Day was a bust (would not
pair at all)...ordered these next and love them. So easy to pair, charge, take
the bud out and it pairs and play automatically. I couldn't be happier with
these wireless buds. See ya Apple!  LOL.
    I am quite a careful consumer when it comes to buying audio devices. I use
high quality Bose and Sony headphones on a daily basis so I am particular when
it comes to the quality of my music. I have had low quality Bluetooth earbuds in
the past and they were terrible. These however are outstanding for the price.
Premium feel and decent connection strength. They also have very good sound
quality for this extremely cheep price point.
    After only 2 days, the right earbud stopped being able to pair with the left
earbud. They would spend minutes looking for each other and then give up. The
left one would then be able to pair with my phone, but I would be unable to use
the right one.
    Great for everyday use. I’ve been using them all day and I work in sales.
Super easy with the touch capacitive pads. Very easy user controls. Good sound
and great for all day comfort. Glad I bought these and not $160 + on competition
buds.
    They are not as loud as I would like and randomly  one ear bud will stop
working and i have to put them both back in the charging case to reconnect. That
wouldn't be so bad except while I am at the gym I don't carry the charging case
with me so it's just more of an inconvenience.
    Beautiful packaging! Comes with extra cushion tips for a perfect fit. The
sound is amazing!!! They are extremely comfortable and I usually have problems
with earbuds hurting my ears.Love the storage bag and the users manual answers
all questions about operation.Very, very pleased!!!
    I love that these headphones also have a charging station with it for your
phone. Multiple purpose is always a plus for me these days. I have another pair
of name brand wireless headphones and I received these as a gift. I was
surprised at the sound quality of these compared to my other ones. Great gift!
    Loved them at first but only worked for 3 months. For the price I expected
them to last longer. Left ear stops working just as other reviews say. Don’t
waste your money!
    I do have bass in my earbuds. Charge good, connect we’ll and overall
impressed. Will try at my loud factory job and update review IF they do not get
loud enough. Otherwise I am happy.
    After about a month, my earbuds struggled to connect to each other if at
all. They have an amazing battery life, especially the case. However, when they
won't connect to each other, it's a pretty big problem because of only one
earbud working.Keep in mind, the left one is the only one that will connect to
the Bluetooth.
    Extremely nice for the price and comes with compact charging case.!!  They
stay snug in my ears and yet to have them die on me after a 5 hours of usage.
Beats having headphones with cords bouncing around!!
    I received them as a gift and since then, I have not stopped using them.
Sound great, comfortable to use. I can manage the battery time but it would have
been great if they had an on/off switch (I read the manual and didn't found
anything in the topic or I don't know if I'm doing somethin wrong). Besides
that, I love them.
    This is my first set of wireless earbuds, so for fifty bucks, its a good
purchase.  I know I didn’t buy Bose, Beats or some other top-of-the-line brand,
so I’m not disappointed with the sound quality.  Length of charge is fine unless
you wear earbuds 24/7.  Fit is good, nestles in the ear and the soft tips can be
changed for different ears.  Haven’t had any pairing issues because I read the
directions.
    The headphones came in the mail and after getting them to full charge I went
through the process of the setup. Bluetooth worked perfectly for both earbuds.
Sound quality is absolutley perfect with a deep sound (not tinny) and they are
plenty loud enough to block out noise around you. They fit and are secure in my
ear. Very comfortable. They seem built well enough to be durable however time
will tell if they last.
    We ordered this item and had it replaced, but it had the same problem. My
girlfriend noticed that if she laid her glasses on the charging station it
weighed the earphones down enough that they would actually charge. So if you’re
one of those customers out there who was as frustrated as we were,  One of the
solutions you can use is to weigh the Earphones down so they’ll charge right. If
you are one of the engineers who designed this, recognize you can just increase
the weight of the Earphones and that will solve your charging problem. You can
thank my girlfriend anytime.
    The earbuds were working great when I first got them. I was very satisfied
with them until a week after using them they lost its sound. I increase the
volume all the way up and I can barely hear anything. Theres sound coming out
but it is minimal. Not the same as when I first got them. At first I thought
maybe they were running out of battery; but after a night of having the earbuds
charging the sound was the same the day after. Now the right ear bud will not
connect anymore no matter what I try.
    I'd give these headphones a 7 out of 10. They possess excellent sound
quality with pretty bass response. Solid construction. The charging case is very
nice. The only drawbacks I found were the inability to turn them on and off on
the touchpad. And the provided earcups disnt come big enough to accommodate
larger ear openings. Definitely would recommend these headphones to others
excellent price for the quality. Would purchase again myself.
    The headphones are comfortable and the sound is good, but like several other
reviews, one of the earbuds cuts out regularly while walking, running, or
hiking. Too late to return:(Edit: The manufacturer contacted me to refund the
purchase price without a return, I'm updating the review based on that.  If they
stand by their product, that's good enough for me!
    If I was sitting at my desk using these I would be more than pleased. They
are comfortable and have decent sound. My issue is at the gym my hair-length is
about the same as where the headphone sits in my ear. As I get sweaty it will
drip from my hair onto the headphone and activate the voice-calling feature or
slowly turn the volume all the way down. I've had issues with the voice-calling
feature coming on with the mildest touch on accident but otherwise I love them.
    Have only had them for 4 months and the sound barley works in the right ear
bud.Update: replacement set was sent to me and completely quit working within 2
months. Would recommend staying away from this brand.
    So far I think these earbuds are fabulous for the money. They were
recommended by a friend that has had them for a year and uses them mostly while
running. My only issue was that I could not receive them at my PO Box. I sent
them to my neighbors address and they wouldn’t fit in her mailbox with her mail
so they ended up at the Post Office anyway. :/
    I received these headphones in the mail today. The packaging was fine and
the instructions were rather simple. I was able to pair the headphones to my
iPhone in less than one minute. The headphones come in a charger box with a
cord, a case, and multiple ear pieces. I found the headphones to be extremely
comfortable and the sound was good quality. I am unsure of how they will hold up
during a run or workout since I just took them out of the box. They seem to be
worth the money!
    The earbuds and charge box work great. The case is a extra power bank for my
phone.Great battery life,strong reliable connect, and good audio quality. The
design is simple and easy to use,if you want truly wireless earbuds buy these.
    Brought this wireless earbuds for my son for Christmas and he loves it.  It
comes in a nice black case.  The battery charges really fast.  He usually
doesn’t like wearing wireless headsets because it doesn’t feel comfortable but
he loves how these fit in his ears.  The sound quality is great.  Will buy
another one for myself!
    The product is great! I love so much that I used it almost everyday. One of
the earbuds failed to charge after about extensive use for 9months. Sent the
seller an email and he/she sent me a replacement. Great service!
    Just average ear bud here. Nothing more/less. Lack of bass. Stay on. Battery
last decent per charge.
    I like the set I just don't like the battery life. It only last a 3 hours of
continuous play time. I have had some that last 8 hours.
    Comfort is an issue. Originally purchased for my 17yo daughter and she
complained they hurt her ears as she thought they were too large. So I started
to use them and after wearing for an hour I determined she was correct.  The
sound is fine.
    Battery life goes out quicker than you can really start jamming out to
tunes. The earbuds remain in the ears well enough to not fidget with them
constantly, and the noise nullification depends on how high your audio is.
Nothing special but also not completely something to throwaway .
    The sound quality of the headphones is as low as you can possibly get. No
bass, very tinny sounding kind of like you are listening through one of those
soup can on a string things from cartoons.The functionality is surprisingly
really good: they connected to blue-tooth very easily, they charged up well,
they were comfortable, the case is really convenient & they fit my ears snugly.
I'm sad that I have to return them but I care about sound quality.
    Owned this product for 2 months, worked well, then the left ear bud stops
charging. I think it has to do with a defect in the charging case. I’m not
surprised this happened as I may have been unlucky and just gotten a defective
product, but unlike buying a more established headphone, there was no warrantee
on this and amazon refused to exchange them or take them back.
    Whether you’re listening to music on your phone making a phone call or
FaceTimeing. these earbuds are awesome.  The lifespan of the battery is great
but the charging box is even better and they’re very very comfortable. Clear,
crisp and durable!! Would highly recommend!!!!
    They said that they were waterproof, so I got them for showering.  I soon
found that too often after getting them wet, the sound would cut out and return
and sometimes the volume would go up or down on its own or the track would jump
to the next.  Every now and then, I would have a good shower with no incidents.
    The first pair received did not work as expected, the company sent me a
replacement and they work great.  I work out with these and do not experience
the ear pain as with other products.
    Bought these for my 18 year old son. He loves everything about them. He uses
them for hands free phone calls while driving as well as listening to music and
videos. Being Waterproof and charging case are huge pluses!
    Love the fact I can wear them comfortably under ear muffs at work or in a
motorcycle helmet with no compression problem and ear irritation.
    I got these earbuds mainly for study purpose. I’ve used it for a few times
now. Great sound. Nice to move around without wire in between me and my ipad.
Battery last for a long time. Super convenient. This is a great alternative for
those more expensive ones out there. Highly recommended
    I really love these earbuds, because of my schedule I have to use them
everyday.  So far they link easily and are good with noise canceling.
    The battery life always displays lower than 60% on all of my devices. even
if they have been charged over night, they still say 60%.  The battery lasts for
hrs and the sound is great. They work up to 30 feet away from my computer.
overall, is day they are good- accept the incorrect battery level.
    I am thoroughly impressed by these ear phones!  I wanted something to wear
while working out, so I took a shot by getting these.They have a really good
sound quality and they stay in my ears through my entire gym session!I was also
surprised at how long a charge lasts for these.  I can typically go three weeks
in between charges, which for me, is about 20 hours of listening.I definitely
recommend these ear phones
    It started with good sound quality now it’s very low- even when fully
charged. I had other  ppl listening they told me the same very low sound -I
bought it on July 17th, 2019.  I only use them once  a day for the gym. I m very
upset.  Ear buds  stays in place but  for what???  I can hear everyone around me
— I paired with an  iPhone latest edition. Wonder if they have warranty
    We all know Apple products are grossly overpriced, so if you'd like quality
headphones for a fraction of the price, these are a great pick. Charging case
works great, sound is clear and high-quality. Don't make my ears hurt after
prolonged periods of use. Comes with a bunch of different size adjusters to get
that perfectly snug fit. Highly recommended.
    These headphones are pretty awesome.  Their sound quality is great and they
fit very comfortably in your ears. They also come with a convenient charging
station to charge themselves and also your USB device. These headphones are
simply awesome. Their microphone picks up tons of sound, and their sound quality
is something you would expect from a full ear muff set of headphones.
    Worked great for a couple days, then left ear bud started to get low and cut
out. Now both cut in and out randomly and at a fast rate. They go on and off 5-7
times in a matter of a few second. I catch myself switching back to Wires
Bluetooth earbuds more than I should. Which I had a replacement to see if these
were defected or if they are all defected.Paired with iPhone XS Max.
    I love these headphones. My coworker suggested them to me and it took me too
long to listen to her advice. These headphones are the best wireless bluetooth
headphones I have ever used. I love that when listening to music, I can pause by
tapping the headphone. These are very comfortable and the microphone works great
when taking calls.
    Bought these for everyday commuting. Blue tooth is very glitchy with phone
in 1 pocket and case in other. Cannot stay connected. I have used these on a
treadmill, they do stay connected, maybe cause phone is stationary? Would not
purchase again.
    These sounded like airplane headphones, flat.battery life was awful.returned
and sprung for the bose earbuds which are excellent
    This was my first wireless ear bud purchase and I thought I did enough
research, but unfortunately these let me down. I had a pair of around the neck
wireless headphones and wanted to finally change it up.  Music sounds alright.
They have a hard time connecting to each other every now and then, but the
biggest part, call quality. Every person that I’ve tried talking to on the phone
while wearing the ear buds has told me that it sounds like I’m holding a pillow
over my mouth and trying to talk. Definitely a let down. They are decent if you
just want some music listening.
    PROS:- Great sound- Charging pack can go approx a week before needs
recharge- Buds charge to 100% in about 30 min- One tap to pauseCONS:- You cannot
charge the buds individually- Max 3hrs battery life- Can't skip ahead or forward
using buds- Right bud was non functioning after 2 weeks of consecutive use
    This works great! I’m able to take the ear buds out and they connect right
to my phone. Sound quality is great especially for this price! People are able
to understand me on the mic, not sure how good but no one has complained :) They
fit in my ears good too. I’m able to workout and run and they don’t budge. The
case works great! I like the fact I can charge my phone from if need be.
    1st time purchasing these headphones, I'm pleased with the product overall,
they connect quickly and are comfortable, have listened to them for hours until
prompted to charge.  Not the best for talking or extended conversations.  I
would recommend to anyone interested in listening to music while working out, or
watching your favorite shows on your phone.  I enjoy the recharging capability
they have and have even recharged my phone a couple of times!
    I like these but the battery only lasts about 5 hours so they don’t make it
a whole day at work.  I can charge them at lunch however.
    I bought a random pair of wireless earbuds 2 years ago. These are a definite
upgrade.- The sound is great overall. It does lack a little bass.-The size
surprised me. They're pretty small and don't stand out much.-Connectivity is
great. Connects to the phone right away. If you use one at a time or switch
sides it reroutes instantly-As far as comfort , I've never had ear buds fit as
snuggly as this pair ever. Might not be the same for everyone else but this was
another pleasant surprise as well.
    These headphones were a great find! They fit really comfortably and had
great sound quality. Charging them in the case is really easy and keeps them
protected on the go. I had no trouble pairing them easily. I didn’t know which
side of the case to open when I first got them, but that was my own operator
error. I recommend these!
    I use these daily now while exercising and I haven’t had an issue.  The
on/off button may be a little sensitive when you do some minor adjustments but
overall a great product
    These headphones are very uncomfortable. Even with the varying sizes of gel
inserts, the size of the receiver is huge and doesn't fit in my ear. If you have
average sized ears, don't buy this as it will acje within 10 minutes. The sound
is really bad and flat.
    They are comfortable to wear, they charge in the case and they sound great.
I also like that you can see through the top of the case when you're charging it
or if the earbuds are charging in it. You don't have to open the top to see if
either the case or the earbuds are charging. I also like that there are magnets
that hold the top closed as well as the ones that keep the earbuds secure in the
case.
    I really love these earbuds! They last for a long time, and charge really
quick. I love the portability for the case, made it really easy to charge and
carry my earbuds. Also, these earbuds have great bass, ONLY IF YOU ADJUST THE
EQUALIZER!! I sae many reviews saying it has terrible bass, but you will need to
adjust your sound settings to get bass.
    Love these ear buds!! I bought a pair for my husband a couple months ago,
and this pair is for me. Great sound, light weight, and love the charging case.
Connect easily to my phone! Highly recommended.
    These are a great alternative to apple headphones. They're more comfortable
and the sound quality is A1. My only issue is that the noise cancellation isn't
that great and I've gotten complaints that my background is extremely loud while
using them. Overall a good buy though.
    I bought these for my husband for Christmas. They were fine for the first 4
months. In April the right ear bud started to go out, and then in May it
completed stopped working. Not worth the money. You get what you pay for!!!
    Best investment so far, if you have a small ear canal, these are for you
they fit so nice in your ear no movement at all. I Love Them!
    Loved it. Sound quality is just perfect I usually like right balance between
bass and tribal and i found this one as a ideal for me. I bought this to play
pubg because i have iPhone and can’t use regular earphones when charging and
this guys just works great for that.
    battery life is really good. I highly recommend these headphones. they are
super comfy and have high bass. I am planning to buy one more and gift it to my
sister.
    Like some of the other reviewers, these earbuds worked perfectly for about a
year. The speaker of one earbud died just one week after the one-year warranty
from the company expired. In short, the earbuds were great while they lasted,
but they just didn't last long. Great earbuds for a short-term solution to your
wireless earbud needs!
    These are great! They fit and they’re don’t fall out! They sound great and I
love how I can use one or two headphones if I like. I bought it and immediately
started using them. It took two days for the portable charger to finally die.
    The headphones are easy to carry around and they fit nicely in my ear. I was
a bit worried they would fall out of my ear when im running or working out, but
so far they are good. The blue-tooth connection is also pretty good, and
instantly connects to my iphone.The sound is also pretty good, although I hear a
slight static sound, but this might be normal for all blue-tooth headphones.
Overall these headphones are pretty good and theyre a lot cheaper than the apple
ipods.
    WOW!!!!These bluetooth earpods are excellent. They fit and feel extremely
comfortable. The sound quality is great, much better than what I expected for
the cost.  The battery life is is outstanding and the charging case is very
convenient. I workout and get sweaty and these little gems stay in place without
any problems. They are great and I am loving them.
    My middle school aged son bought these for himself with his own money. He
did lots of research and looked for earbuds that would fit his small ears but
would still have great sound quality. The charging case was a bonus. He loves
them - great price and great sound quality. After 4 months of constant use one
of the charging nubs broke off. Great customer service - sent us a new charging
case quickly. I liked them so much I bought a pair for myself. Would definitely
recommend.
    I got these after reading reviews and description and all was false ! The
sound quality is like Walkman headphones from the early 90s. No noise
cancelation at all. The music also gets interrupted and skips every time you
move your phone.
    These ear buds are so comfortable. They fit perfectly in the ear. The sound
quality is amazing. It holds a great charge and their range is pretty good. They
synced up quickly. I would recommend these wireless earbuds!
    Have a great battery life. They charge quickly and automatically connect to
your device after taking them out of the case. Nice for working out, stay in
your ear no matter what you're doing and are comfortable. Only negatives: the
bass is lacking and you cannot talk over the phone with these.Update:Broke after
light use
    These are great! Can’t even imagine a product being any better than this!
Excellent guality, great fit, and easy to use, and they stay charged for a long
time.
    These earbuds seemed good at first, but as time went on I started to see
flaws. They would come out of my ears when I worked out, and wouldn't connect to
my phone correctly, the sound would start to glitch as if it was loosing
reception or something, and finally one of the earbuds stopped working at all. I
would not recommend these.
    Battery life and charging time are excellent. Connection is about par with
other bluetooth headphones I've used in the past. The "true wireless" aspect is
something that's been a long time coming.
    Purchased these to replace the other wireless earbuds I bought. So far I
love them. They sound great and I love being able to charge my phone with the
built in mobile power bank. Came with plenty of different sized ear pieces which
is great due to needing two different sizes for each ear. I’d definitely
recommend these to a friend.
    Wireless earbud just life saver if you are tired of those twisted wires.
Charge is fast and really last long because the case itself can charge the
earbud. Sound quality not bad and the design is nice. It fits the ear and not
cause discomfort when wear for long time. The only thing is that some time I
leave it at the desk and my cat likes to play with them.
    Was okay wireless ear bud. My main issues, no response from seller regarding
a question and only able to pair to one device at a time.
    Sound was ok. Bluetooth connection was not the best. If I held my phone
while on a walk the connection was fine but stick the phone in my pocket forget
it. Worst part was the left earbud cannot charge anymore.  I would not recommend
this product.
    Actually much better than what I expected.  Batteries last a long period of
time.  I use them all the time.
    Love these headphones. I use them at work sound is crystal clear and can be
used relatively far away from your device. I like the fact that you can only use
one of them if desired as well which makes still hearing around your
surroundings easy. Definitely recommend.
    This product is amazing! I was hesitant to purchase it seeing as how so many
other wireless earphones are more expensive. But after purchasing, i have
absolutely no regrets and wholly recommend it to anyone considering it! I
haven’t had it for long but so far it’s been the best experience. The earbud
battery even lasts longer than 3-4 hours for me after playing music
continuously. So happy I ran across this product!
    my order was fast, easy, and on time. the ear buds do everything as
advertised. the case will charge your cell phone quite well. they are easy to
use and pair with any cellphone! they don't fall out of your ears. they fit very
snug with out any pain. a wonderful product to purchase!
    Loved these headphones when they worked!! They fit perfect the sound quality
was amazing. however they stopped pairing to themselves thus i can only hear my
music out of one channel at a time. I have read every article on like to repair
them together without success. Really disappointed as these were amazing when
they worked!
    I got my replacement pair from the company which has great customer service,
but the second pooped out and won't reset just like the first pair after under
10 uses. I brought it on a trip and was unreliable and had to buy other ones.
Simply just doesn't work at least for me.
    Good quality.  I have been using these for a few months now, and there is no
sign of wear or quality loss.  I can see these lasting for many years.  The
sounds quality is exceptional
    I’ve had these ear buds for a few days now and I got to say that I was
skeptical at first but am now a believer.  Sound quality is great, they look and
feel great as well.  I like the ease of setting them up as well.  I had my son
try them for the day and he commented on how great the sound is and he likes
that they’re pretty loud. He will be getting a pair for himself as well.
    I had such high hopes for this product, given the great reviews.The good:-
Ear fit was great and secure- pairing was easy- changing songs with a double tap
worked wellCons :- volume control kept enabling SIRI⬇️This is the biggest con
possible.- sound quality was terrible! Big echo with ZERO BASS. Like a previous
review said, quality is comparable to a 3$ headset.Returning product.
    Wonderful earbuds. Fit comfortably and snugly. Just take them out of the
charging case, and they auto connect bluetooth. This case automatically charges
the earbuds and can also charge your cell phone. Sound is terrific. I highly
recommend.
    Absolutely the right call. I'm on week two and wear them everywhere to do
everything. Great sound. Good bass and treble. Really good battery life. In
rain, snow, the gym, running. I love these things. Classical. Dance music.
Podcasts. Solid choice
    These headphones are great! I like to powerlift and I was surprised that the
headphones did not fall out during heavy deadlifts. All of the controls are done
by touching or tapping the sides of each headphone, which is pretty convenient.
The case also acts as a charge bank, which I found pretty nifty.One con of the
headphones is that they lack a real bass feel in the ear. Also the Bluetooth
range seemed a bit short, but for the price I don’t think it can get better.
Can’t wait to let the fiancée try them as well!
    Finally, I found the earbuds that can fit my ear. Before I bought this
earbuds, I tried several different one, but my ear is small, so none of them
could fit in. I cannot say that it fit perfectly, but at least I can use it and
it doesn’t fall. It comes with different sizes of earbuds. It will be great for
many people. The quality of sound is good. I will buy another one for my
husband.
    High sound quality and connects to my phone fast.  Comfortable to wear and
stays in when running.  Holds a long charge and the case is awesome as well.  It
can recharge the earbuds and also be used as a charger for your phone!  Great
buy!
    Bought this product less than 3 months ago.  Volume is way to low
(especially with iTunes).  Hear the music at the gym on the speakers more than
in my ear.  It only gets worse with sound everyday.  Horrible product
    It comfortable for long time wearing. I use them while working at my desk
throughout the day. The sound quality is good and easy to setup. They auto
connect to my device every time. I love the compact design of the charging case.
    These are very good quality. I purchased them for the gym because i didn't
want to take and possibly lose my expensive bose.  To my surprise the sound q
quality is just about comparable.  Battery lasts a long time and the charge time
is fast.
    I looked at what felt like a million true wireless headphones online before
finally deciding on these. The sound quality has been fantastic and so has the
connectivity through the bluetooth. I did not lose a connection while going for
a run or just doing yard work around the house. I was worried they would feel
too big for my ears, but they worked well and stayed in place, even when
running. I recommend them.
    While using headphones the right earphone will cut in and out in random
moments which can be really frustrating. Noise cancellation is great and I have
not had a problem with battery life yet. Not super comfortable to wear even
after trying all 6 of the replacement buds that come with it.
    My husband loved to travel with these and how convenient is was to have
their own little charging dock carrier.
    I have been using this earphone for a couple days and I have to say it's so
impressive. This earphone is a good alternative to Airpods because they do not
only have similar functions such as water resistance, fast pairing, but also the
appearance is cool and good sound quality. The case is a portable battery so
it's very convenient for my long days at school. To sum up, I'm satisfied with
this product and would recommend it to other people.
    These earphones definitely exceeded my expectations.  Pairing is simple,
sound is great, and the earphones actually stay in your ear.  The charging case
is AMAZING…it protects and charges the earphones and works as a power bank to
charge other devices.  This is a great product at a great price.  I give this
product 5 stars!
    The sound quality is okay. The charging case has good battery capacity.
Reconnecting with paired devices is as easy as taking taking the buds out of the
case.The right ear bud stopped charging so either the case malfunctioned of the
right ear bud did. Anyway, I contacted customer service and they helped me get
new one's quickly. Great product and service.
    I've tried several Bluetooth earbuds in a similar price range, and these are
my favorite by far, Mainly because of the battery life. Both the earbuds and the
charging pack hold there power for a long time. When I'm working out the earbuds
actually stay in my ears, which is nice, and last the whole workout. The sound
quality isn't the best, but it is good enough and has enough bass to keep me
happy overall.
    I purchased this earbuds for my Iphone XS. I like this product because it
has decent appearance. The sound quality is also excellent. It works perfectly
on my smartphone. Highly recommend.
    Very poor quality product. The sound volume slowly lowers over time until
you can barely hear anything. I experienced this problem with two separate pairs
of these earbuds after I had my first pair replaced. After my second pair
failed, I emailed the seller asking for a refund on their poor quality and
unusable product and was stonewalled. DO NOT BUY IT IS GARBAGE!!!
    Don't stay in my ear. Charging case doesn't stay charged long. Indicator
burned out...
    Got these about 3 months ago and I love them! I use then at work, at school,
and when I work out. They're discreet, they don't slip out and the SOUND quality
is very great in my opinion! They're very convenient. I had an issue with the
battery life but they charge very quickly so I was not upset with it!!!  They
come with a little pouch, extra differently shaped ear buds for all kinds of
ears! Over all I think they're great and worth the price!
    Mostly used these for listening to music while working at a desk. Sound
quality is decent, but not very loud. After a month, max volume on my phone was
still somewhat quiet through the headphones. Seems like they're quickly getting
quieter and quieter. The case holds significantly less charge than when first
purchased. Overall, for the money they're not bad, just not build to last.
    I bought these for my partner and she loves them and the charging station
which she used to charge her phone
    The product with good price. Effective sound quality with satisfied battery
life. The blue light is enough to look at. Comfortable and impressed. I started
listening and it takes about more than 3 hours and there is a still battery in
it. Small case and small to put in pocket or purse.
    Sounds quality is average and expected for the price but the buds are too
big for me and it's dropped off from the ears. It's good for home use but would
not recommend wearing it for exercise or in situation that creates too much
motion such as turning of the head.
    This product claims it is water proof. Despite initial connectivity issues,
after using it in the shower, it became much less loud. On full blast, it sounds
quite quiet. I listen to all sorts of music, including metal.  Listening to
anything, especially high energy music, is very disappointing. These are good
fitting and good quality,  but not in regards to being waterproof.
    These worked well for a month then they would not equalize anymore. The left
ear was much softer than the right. It made it difficult to listen to anything.
I had a pair that were returned for the same issue and I was sent a replacement.
The new pair lasted a bit longer before going bad but we’re only good for a few
months.
    The earbuds they come with are useless. I replaced with another set and
they’re perfect.
    The sound is good.The battery life isnt great. 2 hours maybe 3 hours of
use.They might make your ears sore after a while because they are hard plastic.
    I like the noise canceling aspect of the headphones, but I prefer more bass
in my music. They are very comfortable to wear and stay in well! I haven't had a
chance to test them at the gym yet but so far so good. Easily paired with my
phone, and came with a charge!
    Great product, better than expected. Quick activation for use and easy sync
with device. Great features for use including song advance/skip, pause, and
volume control all within the earbuds themselves. Only wish that had a slighter
higher volume threshold.
    I've had these for two months now and they work great, no problems at all.
They are not the best for picking up your voice for a phone call, but I knew
that going in.  I bought them for working out and for that, they're perfect.
    Got 2 headphones and they were better than expected. Great fit and sweat
proof. I use it daily in gym and it has great battery life too. Would definitely
recommend it
    I loved these earbuds - wore them running, working out, etc. no issues, but
the case stopped charging about a month in. I contacted pasonomi and they sent a
replacement set. Was excited as I had two pairs that worked now... but soon
enough one pair's right earbud's sound started to fade and eventually died. The
new set also had the same issue in about a month of use - I have them at max
volume and the right ear bud sound level is barely audible. They're too quiet
for running/working out now and I can't use either set :/ I'm past the return
window, otherwise I'd send them back.
    Love these earbuds!  Sound quality is great and the battery lasts a long
time.  Comes with nece case and various inserts to change the size as needed to
fit your ear.  Had an issue and customer service resolved it promptly.  Buy
these!
    I actually am so surprised for the price how well these head phones have
performed. I am a procrastinator which in turn comes hand in hand with
"forgetting" to do things such as charge my head phones but the battery life on
these is so good it doesn't matter if i forget on purpose. I can rest assured
it's still gonna be a good day with music in my ears.
    Update: They did fit well and eventually just started falling out. As I've
said before callers cannot hear you very well. The charge is short. Wish I could
have returned them.They fit well. Your caller cannot hear you very well most of
the time you'll find yourself talking loudly. Sound quality is ok when listening
to music. Dies pretty quickly and makes this funky shuttering noise before
disconnecting on its own.
    Used for outdoor activities mostly.  Dislike the most: the tapping of the
touch controls.  Seems really sensitive and when simply placing in the ear, the
controls will change. Like the most: simple fact they're wireless and feels
great in the ear. They don't feel big, bulky or heavy in the ear when wearing.
Ears don't sweat either with them in.
    This wireless earbuds sound amazing and they fit comfortable in my ears.
From the moment I took them out of the box the sync with my IPhone.
Unfortunately the right ear bud doesn’t not work anymore. So I can only use the
left earbud. Sucks, because I really loved them. I wish I could rate because
they are better than my apple ear buds (sound wise)  unfortunately I can’t
    These babies are just as good, if not better, than a lot of the leading
wireless headphones out there. Quality sound and the built in battery pack makes
it so you rarely have to worry about charging it.
    The quality of sound is very impressive for the price you’re paying it’s ama
can’t complain about that.It’s really good for working out it will not fall down
from running.So far I am very much enjoying them and look forward to much more
use!
    You only have to wait 5 minutes for a charge.  They go into the box to be
charged
    Overall a very good product. Easy to connect, good fit, good sound. The
quality of sound is better for music then it is for phone calls but still
recommend the product. Directions a little hard to follow but I ultimately
figured it out.
    I don't normally wear earbuds, because they are usually too big for my ears,
but these fit great! The instructions were easy to follow and I began using them
immediately. The fit is great and it comes with a bag of extra rubber covers. It
was like surround sound in my ears when I watched a movie. The case is compact
enough to carry in my purse. I highly recommend these earbuds.
    It works without having to fiddle with anything. It's comfortable. I don't
like that if you don't use it for a few days, the charge runs out even if you
keep it in the case so you just end up having to charge it again before even
getting to use it.
    One of the favorite features of these earbuds are the high quality sound. It
sounds way better than any of the other wireless ones I've tried. There is a
decent amount of noise cancellation when you put the earbuds on because of the
way the cling to the ear. Battery life is also excellent and they charge in the
case, which also serves as a charging station for other electronics via USB
cable. All in all an excellent buy.
    These headphones worked well when I first got them! They had relatively good
sound quality, had good range and had a handy charging case.  However, out of no
where, on my first pair, the left headphone seemed to die out so it reached a
maximum volume of what sounded like lower than the first bar of volume you would
get on an iPhone.  I got a replacement pair because I did like the product and
the same thing happened with the right headphone within a week and a half.  With
that said DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.  Unless you are willing to pay $50 a week.
Very disappointed.
    I would love to love these earbuds, but I can’t.  The sound quality is
great, and the fit is great, but there is a huge design flaw.  I have been
through 3 sets of these, and they all break the same way.  The re-charging pins
eventually slip into the case just a little bit, and no longer will re-charge or
turn off the ear buds.  Customer service has been good in replacing them
(quickly) but after the 3rd pair bit the dust I give up.
    I have trouble finding ear buds to fit my ears with out falling out, these
fit perfect and I don’t have to worry with always pushing them back in. I am so
happy to finally have wireless ear buds that work for me. The sound is good
quality and when talking to people on the phone they can hear you and you don’t
have trouble hearing them as well.
    The case feels a little cheap because the lack of magnetic closure. The
pairing is sometimes a little wonky and requires you to remove both earbuds from
the case quickly so they pair together. Sound quality is mediocre and I find I
have to turn it up quite high. Sometimes the connection also cuts out
sporadically, but overall a decent product for the price.
    These Bluetooth ear buds fit comfortably and I like how it states they are
synced when you fist put them in and say synced to my device.  Sound quality is
good and the battery life is pretty long.  Great product!
    You get what you pay for, if you're expecting BOSE quality sound for this
price....move on. They are easy to connect and the battery life is excellent! I
sweat like a madman at the gym and these haven't even come close to coming out
of my ears.
    Didn’t like these at all.  Sound quality for me personally is horrible.  No
bass tone in music I’m used to hearing bass in other headphones and speakers.
The sounds using these headphones are as if you’re in a tin can.  Not worth the
price.  I think you’re paying more for the charging unit which doubles as a
power bank than quality wireless headphones.  Lost out on $7.00 having to ship
them back but oh well, lesson learned
    After using these earbuds for about a week I must say that I am very
impressed. The storage/ charging box is awesome. Put them in there when you are
finished and you never have to worry about losing them or keeping them charged.
I used them at the gym and had no issues with them falling out while running and
lifting. Sweat does not seem to be an issue either. They also fit very
comfortably in your ear. Overall an awesome product! Highly recommend!
    They are very comfortable, the battery life is amazing and they have a
pretty good range as well. My husband used them while mowing the lawn and they
didn't budge. I would buy these again as gifts. For the price you can't find a
better product.Only downside is the voice control feature only works with Siri
and not with any google/android voice control.
    Its good. I like it. The sound is good. Good sound quality and good for hand
free. Good for talk on the phone and listen music .
    I work 12 hour shifts and i am literally writing this sitting in my truck
because i am upset fully charged and battery dying only after 2.5 hours of work,
No bass only nice thing is the wireless. I feel duped.
    These fit good, sound great, and connect quickly. Battery could be a little
longer but nothing compared to how well they work.
    Earbuds feel heavy and do not fit my ears :( I used the smallest size pads
and they still fall out, all the time.I will say the construction seems solid
though; one fell out of my ear into a sink full of water and still worked.
    Surprised they fit in my little ears. Thought the left ear piece wasn’t
working but it was from not removing the plastic from ear bud. Remove them and
they’re simple to sync. Currently leaning the where/how to tap for music
control.
    These are great headphones for $50. They are not $200 and don't expect $200
sound. Battery life is good, I get about 2-3 hours depending on volume before I
have to charge them in the case. The case will charge the ear buds many many
times before needing charging itself. Sound quality is great as long as you can
get a good fit. It it's not sealed in your ear there is a lack of bass. Overall
they are well worth the $50 price point.
    This product is awesome, the good thing is what we can use the both earbuds
with different devices but make sure you do not pair each other very nice
product 👍👍👍👍
    I have been using these earbuds on a daily bases for the past 4 months and I
have to say they work great! They are very comfortable and stay in your ears (I
use them running and they stay in your ears and don't move at all). The sound
quality is great also great. The only thing that I would say is lacking is using
then to talk on the phone (the majority of people I talk to say it sounds
muffled) but for the price you can't beat it.
    When I first received these, they were great. They lasted 3+ hours on a
single charge. Two months later, the ear buds barely last an hour and a half on
a full charge. I was hoping for better quality but I guess you get what you pay
for at $50...
    The earbuds fit into my ear and worked well for my workouts. Sound quality
was average, and the max volume was limited. After a year of constant usage the
right bud stopped producing audible sounds, so I am stuck listening to mono.
    Complete piece of garbage. 2 star only because it works. The biggest rubber
pads are too small, sound quality is very poor and very quiet too. Bought it to
listen to music/podcast in the gym and can't really hear anything loud
enough.Feel bad throwing my money away like that :(
    I have own an Apple Ipods and kept loosing them while doing simple movements
, exercising, riding a bike and finally lost one. Decided to find something
different and purchased TWS-X9 on Amazon. Those headphones are reasonably priced
with great sound and amazing battery life. they connect automatically anytime
you take them out of the case and fit my ear as it should. Love them and you
will too....
    They are very comfortable. I use them for conference calls as well as
listening to music when I run.
    I bought these for my girlfriend and as they are good headphones , they did
not quite fit her ear canal as snug as we wanted it to, if you have like small
ears they may not fit as comfortable as you would like. But we gave them to a
friend and he absolutely loves them.
    I love these earbuds, I got them because I was tired of the traditional
wired earbuds would always short. Getting used to the functions of these was
super easy, and the sound is really good as long as you used the right ear
fitting. Best budget wireless earbuds I've ever bought.
    I got these to wear while doing yard work. They work great and I haven't had
any issues with them.
    Everything is perfect. That’s exactly what I want. No so expensive but good
quality . All functions are good. I choose wireless products because I drive a
lot. It also very convenient for charging. The battery capacity is enough for
several times. I don’t need to charge it every day.
    The earbuds would never turn off. The button wouldn't turn on or off. I
asked for help but they suggested Ireinstall them. Tried that, and trues holding
the button for a long time. Idk if i got bad ones or what cuz i hear great
reviews.  But this left a bitter taste in my mouth.
    Well I didn’t spend a lot on these, but I’d HOPED they wud last longer than
these did. The right side is so low it’s almost intelligible. They sounded great
until about a month ago. Longevity-wise I wouldn’t get them. But when they did
work they sounded good and fit great
    These headphones sound good, they stay in the ear well and they have a GREAT
battery life.  They are a bit uncomfortable for me after a while, but I am kind
of sensitive, so it might just be me.  May Aairhut A2s never bothered me like
this, but they had half the battery life, and didn't stay in the ear quite as
well.  I think the secure ear position is the trade off for the discomfort.
    Drop these in boiling water one time and nothing even happened to them.
Perfect quality, and easy to function. Just wish the battery lasted a little
longer.
    Very pleased with purchase ... headphones are comfortable and very loud
would recommend to anyone at this price
    I've had these ear buds for over a month now, and I give them a 3 star
rating bcuz the call quality is good, yet the sound quality while playing music
is poor.  There's hardly any bass when playing music, and if you do find a way
to increase the bass sound thru your device, the ear buds will distort.  They do
have a comfortable fit, and the battery life is great.  Again, great for voice
calls, but not great for listening to music....
    It's a great product dont get me wrong the sound is amazing the comfort with
running only problem is you might have to charge it after 2 1/2 hours
    They fit well in my ear and do not fall out like other products.  Battery
life on the earbuds about 3 hours and the case will last a long long time on
recharges.
    These earbuds are honestly great for music. I have sensitive ears that hurt
with other well known brands and took a chance on these after reading some
reviews and I am not disappointed. Super easy to pair, very comfortable and fit
perfectly in my ears. The touch pads work well on both sides and who could
complain with a price like this? Will definitely be recommending to my friends
and family.
    I really liked these earbuds, but after a while I noticed that my calls kept
on getting disturbed with screeching noise and I couldn’t hear anything . First
I thought it was bcz the battery was dying, but even after fully charging the
device it continues to have the same disturbance. I usually have to disconnect
Bluetooth in order to continue with my call which is very annoying.Other than
that sound is very good and u can choose to use one earbud or both or even share
earbuds with each other bcz each earbud has its own Bluetooth connection too.
    Good earbuds but not good enough. They sound ok. Surprised that they didnt
sound as good as other earphones, mids were clear but lows and highs were
dampened. Despite other eartips, they still didnt sound good even with a good
seal. They connected very well, no lost connection. The fit was “hard” to the
touch... you can feel the plastic. I returned for I felt they were not worth the
money as compared to other tws Ive tried.
    I love these earbuds and the case. The case not only recharge the earbuds
but it can also charge your phone or any other device with USB plug. The earbuds
charge only last about 2-2 and a half hours then you’ll have to pop them back in
charging case. But The case charge last a loooong time.
    Good sound.  All around good earbuds. Phone conversations are better than
expected from other reviews.  Haven't tested the waterproof claim yet.
    I purchased these earbuds in March 2019, and I was really excited to use
them. For a few months, they worked well and gave decent sound quality. Then,
the left earbud stopped working, and nothing has fixed the issue. If these were
still working, I would have given 4 stars, but for $50, they shouldn't break in
less than 90 days.
    Bought these for my dad for his birthday. I didn’t try them out personally
but he said they were great....until one of the headphones stopped working only
after a month. Called customer service and they sent us a brand new set for
free. Haven’t had any issues since.
    I’m not a high tech type person, but was looking forward to these wireless
Bluetooth earphones. I found them to be somewhat comfortable in my ears, but
could be better. I found the sound quality to be excellent. I used them for
biking and the treadmill, and they worked out perfect. Battery life and carrying
case are perfect! Overall I would recommend this product.
    These are awesome and have made yard and house work tolerable. Get these for
the podcast listener in your life.... works awesome even on the mower...
    I purchased these to try out a wireless ear piece. The sound quality is
mostly treble. I can live with that. I don’t use headphones much, but sometimes
you need them. What I found with this product, was even when you pause the ear
buds, have them in their case and they are in my back pack, they activate when a
text, email, phone call comes in. You do not hear the tone for text or email. I
have to forget this device and reset it up when I want to use the earbuds. That
is contrary to what is stated in the user guide.
    Great product with great connection and sound quality. Has better range for
connection then my other pair. Battery life is not the best, but still above
standard. It also charges fast and you can use the charging dock as a battery
bank for other devices.
    Fits perfect & very comfortable on my ear easy pair and to connect every
time that I need to use, plus that I have a small power bank to put some juice
to my phone but the more important this ear buds sounds great.
    This things are awesome. They stay on my ear even while running. Battery
life is really good, and the charging port lasts a long time
    Nice design and quality. They were easy to connect and are very clear
sounding. I also like the feature that it tells me when I am receiving a phone
call on my cell. Overall great product and can't wait to use on my trip!
    Great earbuds. Don't hurt my ears and fit.  They were awesome.  I would
purchase again!!
    I always trust Amazon's qualities。I have received it almost 2 weeks，Awesome
sound quality， easy connect to my phone， compared with the one my wife purchase
more than $100， this one is way more better。
    I received these earphones just today and I couldn't hold back from writing
a review.They are too good, what i like the most is there interface,
connectivity and comfort. It suits for sports and is comfortable around the ear.
The design is great. Also, the connectivity is really simple and easy. I can
recommend this to anybody without a doubt.
    Very comfortable to put in my ear, sync to my phone automatically. Pretty
good sound quality. Battery life could be a bit better, but it's expected from a
small earbud. Comes with a power bank which is huge plus also can serve as a
backup power bank for my phone. Definitely recommend.
    Great quality and good sound!! They were extremely comfortable to wear for
long periods of time. I would highly recommend these earbuds for anyone looking
for a reliable wireless product. I have been very happy with these.
    The wireless headphones are very easy to set up and pair with my phone. They
are comfortable and the sound quality listening to music is great. Much better
then the wired headphones I was previously using.
    Easy to set up and use. Great sound quality and comfortable fit.These are my
first wireless earbuds, and they've been fantastic. So far I've only used them
to listen to music from my phone, so I can't weigh in on things like phone
calls, but they've been great in the capacity I've used them. Would recommend
definitely recommend these.
    easy to set up, the quality is amazing, they even give you extra ear pieces
and a carry bag. very simple instructions to pair with your phone. and for the
price cant go wrong. :D love them
    The quality of the earbuds are amazing, it arrived really quick and was well
packed, it came with extra size buds which is amazingI love the fact that I can
charge it in it's box and the ease of useI would definitely reccomend you to buy
it, it's the best option if you are looking for wireless earbuds. Look no more 🤩
    I’ve been through two pairs in under a year, same problem both times; the
right earbud stops connecting but still gets power. The left still connects. But
only getting audio on 1 ear sucks.
    So beware buying these earbuds, I have bought these and had to get a
replacement pair and the replacement pair did the same thing as the other ones.
At first they sound great, but within 2 weeks the audio faded away and you could
barley hear your music playing. These suck and I will never buy anything from
this company again. I just returned my replacement pair! Going back to my other
brand that I had bought before these. They never let me down!!
    My wife and I both have a set of these, white and black, and we both love
them. The sound is great. The ability to pair them with my phone and my laptop
at the same time has come in very handy. The battery life is awesome, and they
are very comfortable to wear and fit snugly. So no need to worry about them
falling out. I highly recommend them!
    I love them buttttt  when I'm watching on line the movie stops all the time
and the second set is delayed the movie from the sound and that's very annoying
    The bud itself. The silicone part that goes into the ear is too soft and
flat rather than rounded, so it allows too much external sound into the ear.
While it stays in throughout a workout, it's not as snug. Also, the loudest
volume isn't all that loud.
    Great Bluetooth wireless. Easy to pair, battery life is great too..
excellent for the price.. I did not expect to be so great compare so many
product in the market for way higher price
    Exactly the headphones I was looking for. The sound is great and the case
carries a great charge. I love the fact that you can use them independently of
each other, also the instructions are clear and precise.
    I was looking for a good set of bluetooth earbuds so I ordered these and the
quality of them has been great.  I was really impressed with the bluetooth range
of these which is much better than some larger bluetooth speakers I have.  They
feel great in my ears as well.  I did have a problem with them initially but
this company has GREAT customer service and took care of me like I was their #1
customer.  Highly Recommend!!!
    Very good quality for this price. I’ve been using these earphones for
working out ever since I got them. They fit my ears perfectly.
    The unit is a little big for my ears so they don’t seat well.  Battery lasts
2 hours max.  Wet hair activates the touch controls.  And after 7 months the
right one died.
    It’s very easy to pair with my iPhone. The battery lasts for over 6 hours. I
also like the power bank case, which is convenient to carry on. The black color
makes it unnoticeable, even in the office.
    Buying these budget friendly earbuds, I did not expect amazing sound quality
or anything extraordinary. However, the faulty fundamentals ultimately led me to
return these bad boys. Experience based on trial of a little over a week.
Observances include: right and left channel does not maintain connection and
would only play out of one earbud, always a hassle to establish bluetooth
connection, scrambled signal in busy areas. Earbuds stay in place while running.
Charger case is a plus.
    DISLIKE. I am prone to vertigo. After about a week of wearing these I
noticed SEVERE VERTIGO and also very sensitive hearing. I am sensitive to noises
now that I have never been in my life. Please do more research prior to selling
any more of this product. I have not been wearing for 2 weeks and my hearing has
not returned to normal yet. I am concerned about any long term damage.
    Earbuds produce very good sound and volume goes pretty high (unlike other
earbuds I've bought).  The right bud gave out after several months, but customer
service was great and sent me a new pair.  Simple pairing and buds seem to be
quite waterproof.  A bonus feature is the charging case, which has the ability
to serve as a back-up battery for my phone.
    The sound quality and Battery life is far superior than others and it is
really helpful during calls. It has the 1 ear phone at a time accessibility and
it is a perfect product for this price. Just try it once to know it is the best
at this price.The support team responds really fast in case of any issues.I had
a issue with sound one right ear due to wax settling and they helped with the
right solution.The sound quality is really really good. Don't hesitate and buy
it.
    Sound quality is great on these. Paired easily to my phone and held battery
life for a good while. Charge easily in the provided case too. Very good quality
and fit comfortably.
    I've used these for about 3 weeks now don't really have any negatives. Range
on them it is pretty good. Haven't had the battery die while wearing for about 3
hours. Quality of them all around is good. They stay in my ears the entire time
I'm running, they've gotten slightly wet and no problems.
    The earbuds work great with my mobile phone!  BUT...the volume up/down does
*NOT* work with my Fitbit Versa, even after the seller giving feedback to try!
So...kinda frustrating on that point (which is why I gave only 4 stars overall).
The seller WAS quite prompt in their replies to me (except for my last
response).  Otherwise, I really like the earbuds.
    The earphones are great. They were very easy to pair and fit well in my ear,
even when running. The sound quality is great. They come in a nice box and are
easy to charge. I would highly recommend them.
    I bought these earbuds for running and going to the gym as my Apple AirPods
are often falling out while running. The build quality is pretty great for its
price, and they have IPX7 water protection which is great on long run, now I'm
not afraid of sweat getting inside the earbuds.
    I decided to cut the cord and go wireless. I was worried as several pairs I
had tried in the past hurt the inside of my ear. These are not only painless,
but great sound quality too! They can cancel out outside noise or I can turn the
volume down where I can hear surrounding sounds without compromising the quality
of my music. I have worn them to work out, clean my house and bake, I'm in
love!!
    Absolutely horrible. They sound ok but no bass but after 10 month They dont
connect as a pair anymore. They pair as individual so only one works at a time.
No good. Going back to regular plug ins.
    Not good for traveling in car or airp look airplane. Very difficult to
listen.
    So I've had these for about 4 months now and I'm not too happy. They worked
great for a little while but then that changed. Headphone batteries only last
about 3.5 hrs. The right side always try's to disconnect and reconnect and if my
phone is in my pocket opposite the left ear piece (the one that actually
connects to phone) my music goes on and out non stop. Now come yesterday my case
is starting to seperate. Idk if I would waste this amount of money on these
again
    Didn’t work very well, dropped slot of calls, went dead quick
    These Bluetooth headphones really sound amazing. The battery life has been
great so far lasting my entire workday. I like to wear one earbud so I can hear
what’s going on in the office while still listening to music or audiobooks while
I do my data entry work. It’s small and discreet and so convenient with no
wires.
    The sound quality was not good at all. I wish I could send them back but I
ordered them as a Christmas gift.
    These were delivered in a couple days and were not ordered on prime.
Comfortable buds. Easy connection to iPhone. You can connect one or both. I like
the charging pad and option to charge my phone. Good sound quality.
    One of the best until they just stopped working after 8 months.
    Bad. Do not buy. They only let the right bud work as a single.
    For the cost, I would have expected a better battery charge. Less than 3
hours.
    So far I am pretty impressed with tbis product.  The shipping was quick, it
came with very clear instructions. It paired with my phone super easily. What I
liked most was it came with two sets of different sized ear pieces. So you have
all kinds of options to find the right size for your ear and a spare is set.
Sound quality was good and I could turn it up quite loud! Over all very happy
with this product.
    I've noticed the batteries dont last as long as I thought they would other
then that they are great
    These earbuds are comfortable enough, sound is very clear and can be loud
too. The bass is surprisingly better than I was expecting, awesome! Connection
was easy, and yes you can play one earbud at a time while not using the other
:).  Material is sturdy and I really like the look of the case, especially when
the lights are glowing inside it while charging.So far customer support are
really nice and fast to reply. Thanks for the awesome product! Well worth the
buy!!
    Those headphones are working great. Very easy to set up. I have a pair of
airpods but they don't fit in my ears and they fall off easily all the time. In
comparison, these headphones fit in my ears very well and they don't cause any
discomfort after wearing them for a long period of time. They are perfect for
phone calls and listening to music when working and exercising.
    Love the fact that you can charge them in the case and the case lasts about
a week. However recently I started experiencing intermittent Bluetooth
connectivity issues mainly when I am moving around at the gym. If I turn my head
or bend over I lose connection in one or both of the ear buds. Won't buy agaj.
Going to look for another more reliable pair.
    Sound is a little tinny but works well for it's intended purpose.  Co sent
me another set as the first one did not work at al.  Good customer service
    competitive in price, but air pods are by far the way to go
    I was very surprised at how well these Bluetooth headphones sounds and play.
They were very easy to pair. You can't beat the price for the quality
    I am running earphones every morning to listen to music, the sound quality
is very good, no noise, the battery can be used for a long time, lying in bed at
night to watch TV will not quarrel to others, I have to buy another one for my
wife.
    I only use these for audiobooks, since that's all I really listen to, but
they work great for that. The connection is pretty good and has decent range.
Sometimes the buds get out of sync with each other just slightly, which is
frustrating, but at $200.00 cheaper than the premium version, I think these are
a great deal and I am very happy. They stay charged for a long time too. The
charging case is great and has a crazy amount of battery life.
    I am really disappointed in my purchase. These turn themselves off, but it
seems they also turn themselves on. I bought these in July, and have used them
only a handful of times. A lot of the times I went to use them, they were dead,
even though I had barely used them.  Now they won't charge. What a waste of
money.
    I really like that it can drown out even the loudest screaming of my birds!
It also connects to my TV. I really dont like how you cant turn it on if you
dont have the case, mostly cause o lost the case this morning... probably not
good lol. Is there any other way to charge these? Just in case... also I suggest
making the case a bit more longer and flatter than taller and bulkier.
    I am giving 4 star for the quality I received for the given price. It has
been more than 9 months and it is working ok.
    Everything works fine, but I ordered a black pair and received a white pair
instead, so I took off one star. It fits nicely in the ear and it connects
quickly to my phone. The part that is a bit annoying is double tapping the
earphone and having google voice pop up instead of the next music playing.
    Paired up as soon as I pulled them out of the box. Audio is great quality
and nice and loud. Fit well and is easy to change the earbud tips if necessary
to fit your ear.
    I found the ability to control these to be a bit cumbersome.... wish there
was an interface with these..
    These are well worth the money.  Long battery life, awesome sound,
comfortable to wear, stay in place during workouts, and pair easily with my
phone.  Very pleased!
    These wireless earbuds are amazing. Great battery life, strong reliable
connect, and good audio quality. I was not disappointed with this purchase at
all. The battery life is proven to be excellent and the case is designed to
charge and transport the earbuds and provides an excellent way to recharge other
devices on the go. The design is simple and easy to use.
    I wanted to love these earbuds! I was so excited to try them out, but 15
minutes into using them the sound kept stopping. It would mostly happen in the
right earbud, but started happening to the left one as well. The sound would
skip every once in a while during my run, very frustrating.I got home and
charged the earbuds overnight (thinking maybe low battery was the problem), but
the same thing happened the next day. I also realized they run out of battery
very quickly.
    They were great out of the box but with in 5 months the right headphone is
barely making a sound anymore, like the volume is turned down on it. I've played
with it quiet a bit but can't figure out how/if it can be fixed.
    The price and value are beyond my expectations. The sound is clear and crisp
you can even enjoy the quality utilizing one earbud. The set up was easy as it
connected to my iPhone without issue and remains connected. I have small ears
however these fit perfectly and came with additional sizes. I can get through a
whole 10 hour shift on one charge.
    Earbuds came in a high quality looking package, with a secure case for the
earbuds. The battery life is excellent, I only charge them around once a week (I
go to the gym 4 times a week). They’re great for high intensity workouts and
they fit snug into your ear. My biggest worry was that they’d fall out while I
did cross fit training, but they haven’t yet and they’re very comfortable
    Terrible product. I know they are cheap, but I expected a little bit better
than I got. The sound is awful with no bass whatsoever. I don’t need a lot of
bass, but there should be some.Spotty connection unless the phone is up near
your head. When my phone went into my pocket, the connection was so spotty that
they were unusable.
    The right ear bud is starting not to work. The sound is very low and now I
just past the 30-day return period.***Update***The manufacturer contacted to
resolve the issue and the were very professional and made the experience more
pleasant as a customer. I would definitely buy from them again. They replaced
the defective pair so now I will be trying them out. Will update again soon!
    These earbuds are huge... I am a female and have reg/small ears.  These were
giant, didn't fit correctly at all.  Sound not good. They would fly off my ear,
in a heartbeat, if I used them during exercise.
    Very disappointed. I bought it for my brother and the sound of the
headphones is horrible, you can’t speak on the phone with it and it’s very hard
to connect to the phone.
    At first, I was very happy with this product. Easy pairing and reasonable
sound quality. However, after having this product for 4 months the sound quality
started to become quieter and quieter to the point where I can no longer use
these headphones while I exercise. Would recommend buying different Bluetooth
headphones.
    These are really awesome.  BUT the only problem I had was they aren’t
compatible with an I phone.  So I had to use someone else’s phone. They did link
up quick with the blue tooth  Sound quality is amazing. I would highly recommend
    Don’t even bother, they hardly last two months then start to wear down
    The earbuds fit snug into my ears and cancel noise while I’m out for a run.
They don’t fall out or feel like they are going to either. No problems
connecting them to my phone through Bluetooth. I have an old iPhone 4 and it
won’t turn on even if I connect it to a wall outlet because the battery drains
so quickly but if I connect it to the earbud charger it does turn on.
    Well you get what you pay for.... these earbuds are easy to use and connect
to. But my complain is the sound quality, I bought these because of all the
other reviews about how great the sound was but I was disappointed. No bass! The
manual has no instructions on how to adjust audio if you can even do it at all.
The fit is not bad I can jog with them. I’m just going to use these until I can
buy the Bose earbuds. Like I said the sound sucks on these
    I’ve owned Beats earpods that have a lot of bass. So I’ve grown accustomed
to that. These don’t have any, but the sound quality is great and they fit
perfectly in my ear.
    These headphones are not worth the price. They worked one day, Then the
sound quality started to get lower and lower. Now only one headphone has sound
and the other you can barely hear it. The battery life is horrible. The most it
last is three hours. If you work long nights like me this can get very annoying.
The only good thing is the Bluetooth range is pretty far and doesn’t buffer. But
still these headphones suck. Never buying anything from the company again.
    These earbuds are sort of comfortable but the sound quality is just bad.
Bass is pretty much absent and you have to turn the volume all the way up to
hear anything. Returned for refund.
    When I got this product I loved it but after a week the right one stopped
charging and then not working all together. The battery life is ok it is about 3
hours for me. And they are itchy I don’t know how to explain it but when I put
in the left one it starts to itch 5 minutes later and I have to readjust it
which is annoying.
    Maybe the fact that I'm just coming down from Beats Studio to this. The
quality of sound is AWEFUL, but otherwise it's good. It's like having a car in a
perfect shape, but no engine.
    The concept of wireless headphones is great, but this pair is not. The
headphones became progressively less loud with each use (despite the volume
being turned up to full on the phone and headphones). They do nothing to block
out noise around you. The battery life isn’t bad, but after two hours they die.
Go somewhere else for your wireless headphones.
    I brought these thinking they were great, but found out they go out very
fast. the charging light is always on and they have bad static in them when
talking. The talk time is terrible and you have to recharge after about 30
minutes. I do not recommend this product. save your money.
    Best earbud purchase I have ever made. I’ve had more expensive that did not
work as well as these do. I use them everyday
    I had to return the first set I received because both earpieces wouldn’t
pair with each other. The second pair I received worked great for about two
weeks, but now once again only one earpiece works. Both pieces will not sync or
pair with each other. I would not order these again. I can only hear sound out
of the RH earpiece.
    I love these headphones! They arrived with a nearly full charge and paired
easily once I read the instructions (only a couple steps, nothing to worry
about). The sound quality is significantly better than I expected and they stay
in my ears very well. I would buy again.
    Love these earbuds, clear hearing, good sound and the price is right
    I've been looking for a decent pair of wireless earbuds for a while now and
these popped up as a well-reviewed product so I decided to try it out. I'm happy
to say they fit well in my ear and don't fall out during exercises. They also
allow a good amount of distance from the device it's connected to allowing me to
play basketball and racquetball without losing the bluetooth connection.
    Sometimes its great and sometimes its really bad. Wouldn’t spend $40 on it.
    This product is great, not for me but great for someone that cares more
about the highs and mids. I care about the lows. I love bass. So I would
recommend this product to anyone that isn't a fan of bass....fits snug and
comfortable and bulky as it is you forget you have them on after awhile.
    These were a great buy.  Charge up the case, and wear the ear buds for
hours.  These were well worth what I paid for them.
    These headphones are amaze-balls!!! And very affordable for the quality. It
sounds great with both music and phone calls.  I have small ears and other
earbuds either fall out or won't sit perfectly in my ears, but these fit
perfectly fine.
    These headphones have good sound are quite comfortable and have decent
features like volume up or down.I had a few issues with them but, the company
was quick to reach out and do whatever they needed to make me happy. In the end
I think they're great value for money.
    1-If you shift your head a little they might cut out for a second.2-If you
put the device in your pocket connection cut out.3-Charge is not good
enough.4-Connection fails in short distancesNot worth for the amount you paid.
    These wireless earbuds are great bought 2 of them ,some for my wife and me
and we’ve been enjoying them they cancel out noise well. They also connect
simple and fast. The fact that the charging case  can also charge your phone is
a HUGE plus. I recommend these for anyone.Oh also forgot they’re waterproof
tested them in the shower!
    Works  nice . Make sure to clean charging prongs.  Had a problem and company
helped alot.
    Awesome bluetooth cordless headphones for any of your outdoor adventure
needs. My husband and I both have a pair. We are trail runners, hikers and
mountain bike riders and we LOVE these headphones.  They checked all the
boxes...1.) Comfortable2.) Do NOT fall out3.) Affordable4.) GREAT sound qualityI
highly suggest these headphones! We dont leave home without them. 😊
    I’d highly suggest spending a few more dollars for a higher quality pair of
earbuds.  It only took a few uses for the screen inside the earbuds to come
loose.  I threw these away after a few months because the left one gave out.
The sound was ok.
    These earbuds fit perfectly in your ear. The battery life is very good. The
earbuds come in a cute little case to keep them in and the case can charge your
phone in a pinch.
    Wow. Loves these new headphones they connected right to my phone in no time
at all. The sound is rich & full. Us I love that u can adjust the volume up &
down pause songs as well as skip foward or back all just by tapping one of the
ear plugs..
    Had some issues with the first one, but great customer service sent another
at no cost and have been working great.
    I love these! I like that there are no cords or wires to get tangled in my
hair/clothes or accidentally pulled out.  The sound is amazing and they fit
comfortably in my ears.  I was able to use them to talk on the phone as well and
you can even leave one out if you would like.  The packaging is great and it
comes with a carrying case and additional supplies.  Overall I love these!
    I wouldn't recommend. Zero base. Sounds like listening to headphones from
The Dollar Tree.
    These are really great earbuds fit good, great sound, very easy to pair to
your phone.
    They would have been great if i could have got base out of them . that was
the only thing lacking . the fit and sound was great BUT no base. I usually use
wired earbuds that had great bass sounds for the $8.00 i spent.
    This product would not pair with my PC which has a bluetooth adaptor plugged
in. (Worked good with my phone though)The instructions that were part of the
package were very vague on what to do if they did not automatically pair. The
website wasn't any better. This item will be returned
    These wireless earbuds are great for traveling. The case is also a charging
doc. It has a long life and is very handing when traveling. The ear buds have
good sound quality and cancel out most of background noise. Overall a good
product.
    These are great. The instructions on how to properly turn on & link to my
iPhone were very easy to understand.They come in this charging case which is
super nice.I got them super quick and first thing this morning and have been
using them while at work.Definitely super please with these. They fit
comfortably in my ear without them falling out like my corded headphones.I’m
super exited to use these going forward.
    The sound is good, but a little on the tinny side. Mainly because of the
total lack of bass. wished I'd done a little more research.
    I read the great review's and to the bad review's with a grain of salt.I
want to go deaf if I turn them all the way up but this is not the case.They are
ok so far but I will up grade from these definitely for sure
    Worked great for 6 months. Way better than wired headphones. Traveled out of
country with them. Used almost every day. Felt like the battery lasted forever.
Unfortunately the right earbud will no longer sinc up. Left ear bud works fine
still.
    Wow! I love them so far. Sound quality is awesome. The battery life amazing
and the case even charges my phone! I also appreciate the xtra rubber pieces and
carrying bag
    Earbuds were fantastic for the first few months, but now the right one on
both sets is unusable. One set, the right constantly pairs and unpairs every few
seconds, and the other set pairs fine but the right bud has no volume.
    3/24/19 - I purchased these back in dec 18 and the battery life now only
lasts ~45-60 min at a time.  It does charge back up fast, but if I cant get
through a workout without the headphones dying what is the point?  Sound
quality/noise-cancelling is good but the touch-sensitive functionality of the
buds also doesn't work properly and has gotten worse over time as well.  Only
buy these if you want something that is going to break over a few months' time.
I'm looking elsewhere for my next purchase.
    The touch sensor stopped working in the right bud. But that was after about
5 months. And the sound is great. Was also very waterproof. I have to be quiet
in the morning, but like listening to music in the shower, so they were very
useful. Sad that I lost the charging case.
    It was quite exciting to find out how great this headset was immediately out
of box. Pairing was instantaneous, but more importantly it does without any
latency or having to mess around to make it work.
    When I first receive this product it work let but a month later it stop
working. The volume on the ear buds faded out the person on the other can't hear
you at all . The right ear buds total dead and it went hold a charge anymore.
    They're very comfortable the sound quality is phenomenal I didn't feel like
they were going to fall out at all either.
    Had for over a year. After 8-9 months of great sound one side quit working.
    My husband loves these. They were a gift and the only downside is the
battery doesn't last to long when listening to music.
    I am really impressed with these ear buds. The sound quality is great, they
are more comfortable than I expected and the battery life is awesome. I wear
them one at a time throughout my work day, rotating occasionally and the charger
box lasts all week!
    Used for several days, the effect is good, the sound quality is good, the
battery is durable, fast charging, the key is that it can also be used as a
charging treasure, easy to carry, very satisfied!
    The ear pod did not link up with devices I bought it for.  Would not link up
with the TV or my IPad.
    I really like this wirelessearphones. They are just the right size for easy
handling, and tucking in a pocket. They work well with all of my devices.
    I bought these thinking all the reviews were fake, but that I could just
return them if they didn't perform. That was a few months ago. Don't regret the
purchase.Of note: the little wax paper between the plastic ear cushion and the
speaker is flimsy, and there don't appear to be replacements in the kit.
Uh...don't lose that wax paper.
    I would actually say the sound quality is better than air pods. The major
issue is the Bluetooth pairing failures. The head phones constantly cut out,
drop the pairing, only have one side work, or won’t pair without constantly
turning on and off Bluetooth. If you are looking for a cheaper alternative to
AirPods and can work through tech failures these work. If not don’t buy.
    They aren't great for phone calls which I'm disappointed in.They fit great
and actually stay in!! Great sound quality. You can listen with just 1 ear bud
but it's not as good as if it were with both but still decent. I love that they
pair and turn on when I take then out of the box! Battery life seems good.
Overall I'm impressed and quite happy.
    bought a few pairs of them from different manufactures...these are by FAR
the worst !!! and NOT the cheapest !!! DONT do it...
    I've been using these for 4 days now and no matter what I do it won't work
correctly. It will connect but then make weird noises, disconnect, then connect
multiple times....and during all of this I cannot hear the caller but instead we
both hear what the device is doing.
    Great product for the gym use it for treadmill and hope rump comes with
different size buds to fit all ears
    These were really great at first, but after using for a month one ear piece
quit working. Also when speaking on the phone while using these no body could
understand what I was saying. Batteries also only lasted 3 hours. Definitely
bummed about this purchase.
    Extremely disappointed in these headphones. The sound was good and they were
comfortable however I had them for less than 6 months and suddenly they don’t
charge in the charging station!?! Don’t buy these. They are a waste of money. Do
yourself a favor and go with apple or beats or Samsung cause these cheap knock
offs are far off from good quality
    Buds un-pair for no reason. If your away from the case your screwed. Bud's
have a fit if you try to use both immediately from the case. Pairing fails 50%
of the time with any device. My 2 other set of buds work fine.Very frustrating.
    This product  is horrible. Called in twice to try and get tech support and
still not working correctly. You can reset and it will connect for maybe 15
minutes max and then disconnects. The right one we could never get it to work
and even when support helped to get connected only lasted for a few minutes. The
first few weeks the left one would work correctly and my husband likes the size
so kept trying to make work but I give up........
    When I take out the ear-piece to listen to something on my phone, it'll
connect, but won't act like it. So I need to put it back in it's case to turn it
off, then repeat the process until it connects properly. Other than that,
everything is great about this product.
    I got this Wireless Headphones Bluetooth headset for my wife. She loved this
headset a lot. Best Quality(Sound quality is surprisingly best for this price)
and Pairing was simple, Great battery life (battery lasts 6+ hours). She use
most at in work and very very useful. I Suggest worth to buy..
    I bought these earbuds because i needed something hands free and something i
can listen to while i am riding my bike. These are the best thing i have ever
purchased the sound quality is exceptional and i don't have any background
noise.The best thing is that they stay in my ears no matter the terrain i am
traveling on.Love these.
    I bought these about 3 weeks ago. For starters the volume wasn't that great
but it was something I could live with. After the first week the right ear but
put out little to No audio. A week after the left earbud is doing the same
thing. I have emailed the company to see if they will make it right. But as of
now I'd pay the 50 $ extra and get a good quality set
    Two months after owning the product and using the on product keys sparingly
the volume up key stopped working so headphones got stuck on a low volume as
everytime you put them in your ear the volume down button was selected
    I was attracted to the cheap pricing so I gave it a shot. Sound quality is
great but unfortunately didn’t last longer than 2 months. One side no longer
worked and the other side eventually gave out a couple weeks after. I guess this
time I’ll have to purchase a more expensive pair of EarPods so at least they’ll
last longer.
    So happy with my new wireless earbuds. They're very comfortable. The battery
stays charged for quite awhile. Worked well to watch movies on my iPad and make
phone calls with my Google Pixel phone. Super easy to connect via Bluetooth on
both devices.
    I use these mainly for working out. The sound quality is great and the
product design looks very nice in your ear. They never fall out of my ears while
working out and the battery life has been fine so far. With the charging case, i
never even worry about battery life and it gives me a good place to store them.
Definitely the best bang for your buck wireless headphones on amazon.
    Love these earbuds!!! The sound quality is great and I love the fact that
the charging case is also a powerbank. I can listen to my music and use the case
to charge my phone at the same time. Not the greatest at noise cancellation, but
I would definitely buy again!
    Buyer beware! Sound was good while they worked using them 3 times a week in
the gym.  But one of the buds went bad and the volume decreased to less than
half of what it was in the beginning.  Tried everything from reset and
increasing and decreasing volume but to no avail!  Had to return and now trying
a different manufacturer.
    I have had these for about a week and they have been terrible!  After
working out for about 45 minutes the battery was low.  I thought this was my
fault so I made sure to charge them fully.  Same thing the next day.  After
about my fifth time wearing these headphones the right ear piece lost
considerable about of sound and again the battery issue was still there.
Furthermore, the sound quality lacks any bass and is very flat.  I am going to
look for a new pair of affordable earbuds ASAP!!
    These are so great- I've never used ear buds before because they are usually
uncomfortable.  These didn't hurt at all. Sounds great as well!
    This is my first time writing a review! I was shocked by how amazing this
product is!! I love how it looks and how the sound qualities that has caused in
my ear! It’s like we have a party time! Love how fast it came! It was two days
early and the material quality was amazing I’m sure I’ll buy more for my family
members’! Highly recommended!
    Battery life for the headphones and the case are amazing. Headphones fit
very comfortable in your ear. I slept with them on and they never fell out my
ear. The sound quality is amazing. I watched many videos and scroll through all
my social media accounts and I have zero complaints about the sound. They are
also great for gym use and exercise, they stayed inside my ears the whole
workout. Noise Cancellation is good I couldn't hear extra gym noises when my
music was playing.
    It’s just normal. Nothing special, but the touch button is so sensitive.
It’s little hard to control at one time. So I give 3 stars. The price is good
compare to Bose, beats or Sony.
    Love these!  They stay in well! Cancel out the outside world, they really
are waterproof already accidentally left them in the rain and they still sound
amazing and work great!  I love that I can charge my phone with the case when I
forget my charger!
    Great noise cancelling and music quality. The phone function is
terrible...could be just this pair but I never answer calls anymore through the
headphones (it is very inconvenient). Battery life is average. However the feed
does break occasionally and the proximity range does decrease (from the phone)
if its not at 100% charged level.
    My morning jogs just got better. The sound is excellent in this. Very easy
to pair to my phone. I have no complaints about this so far.
    Very good sound quality. linked quickly to my phone.  I bought it for while
I work but dies very quickly.  Otherwise a good product.
    I love these wireless earbuds. No more wires hanging around my neck. Great
sound. Very discreet.  No one can tell you are wearing them unless they look
real close. Great value for the price!
    Product was good as So many good review on Amazon. But may be i got
defective piece .My right ear bud was not working properly . And  It doesnt
Cancel any noise. ( when i am talking with someone inside the car its good as
soon i get out  i have to cut the phone because  too much noise it produce .)
    Nice earphones. They seem durable and work well with my devices that I have
tried them with. Still on my first charge. Phones calls are successful. Only had
one complaint of not being able to hear me but reset them and they have worked
fine since.
    I really liked these headphones. They connect automatically when i put them
on. Also they stayed in my ears when I was working out or walking. The battery
life is really good, as I've only needed to charge these 2-3 times in the months
that I've owned them. Also, when I had an issue pairing, PASONOMI helped me out
through their Facebook page. The noice cancellation is so-so because this isn't
an over-ear headphones, but other than that I really like it. Would definitely
recommend.
    GARBAGE!! Bought this in August 2019, here we are December 2019 and it
suddenly stop working. Battery life is trash. Don't waste your time or money.
Only if you looking for something cheap that won't last long. Trash!!!
    THESE ARE AMAZING!!!!!!! The charging base is SUCH A PLUS!
    So far they disconnect while I am walking and listening to music. They
reconnect quickly but it is unpleasant. Phone calls dont work. Unless I yell the
other person cant hear me.4 months into owning them, the left one has stopped
working completely.
    No Te Escuchan Bien En Las Llamadas
    Great pair of wireless earbuds!  Wanted a pair to run with that stayed in my
ears and these did it!  Sound is good and ease of use is great!
    Best selling point is comfort fit is great. Sound is clear. Bass would be
more present with foam ear tips. Touch control sensitive.  Single pairing
available.
    I bought these earbuds for my husband's birthday and they are pretty awesome
for the first couple of weeks. After the second charge on the dock, it won't
charge the earbuds anymore. My husband was so excited when we first got them but
he's so disappointed now. I guess you get what you pay for.
    Who needs to spend hundreds for the Apple stuff when you can get affordable
substitutes.  The sound is great and they comfortable. Also, the battery life is
surprisingly good.
    Broken within 2 days  sound cut out of 1 side. Volume so low cant hear
anything. Connects and disconnects randomly. Continues to play after you take
them out of ears. Barely responds to touch
    I would expect these to last longer than a year and a half. Now only one
works. I’ve taken very good care of them and they mostly just sat on my desk.
    Good snug fit to ensure earphones stay in place.  Effective noise
cancellation and excellent sound quality.  Earphones are easy to pair to a phone
and to charge.  Very convenient and useful.  I am very happy with this purchase.
    I like that the volume control is on my cellphone because past earbuds with
onboard volume control would fall out when I tried to adjust the volume. These
are sturdy, well made earbuds and the charging case is not only closed
magnetically, but it’s see through so you can see the blue charge level lights
and the earbuds lights through the lid.
    Dont buy these earbuds. They are cheap Chinese earbuds that should sell for
no more than $30. They are extremely annoying aswell. The only way (and the
advertised way) to turn them on/off is to turn bluetooth on/off your phone. This
means if you keep bluetooth on for your smart watch or car, the earbuds will
automatically turn on and link to your phone. The range is great, they still
connect even if I store them across the house.
    These fit very and are extremely easy to set up.  I am not an overly tech
savvy and the set and controls were easy for me.  They do not block sound 100%
but you have to take them out to hear somebody talking next to you.  Even when
there is no sound being generated.  These come in at a good price point and the
portable charging station is a great bonus.
    I just received these and I'm shocked at how good they sound. Normally
earbuds have no bass and I end up returning many pair. These have bass and stay
in place.  I'm a happy customer.
    Love these sound great Just what I was looking for
    The feel of the ear peices are great and the case is cool how it can charge
other devices with the build in USB connection, but the quality of sound just
isn't there.The left ear peices for some reason has very little base compared to
the right which sounds great. I tried unsyncing them from my phone and syncing
again but still no base from the left. I tried connecting them to my computer
but same issue there, very little base from left compared to right.
    First of all, I am a very satisfied Amazon customer, but I can't recommend
these headphones. they worked for 4 months and started Deteriorating ever since.
they don't pair well and sometimes just won't turn on. there are other better
options.
    Occasionally the unit seems to lock up and be unuseable.
    These are great for working out. They stay put and there is no cord to get
in the way. The sound is clear. I am happy with the product especially for the
price. The only issue is the user not the product with the blue tooth from my
car not connecting and to the earbuds instead when I'm drivung. But I'll master
that eventually. Very happy so far.
    I love❤️❤️ my ear bud!!! I’ve bought two pairs. I bought the initial one for
me but someone wanted them for Christmas so I bought a second pair.  I mostly
use them for working out and talking hands free.I’ve even recommended them to
others who purchased them as well.
    For the price, these ear phones are extremely frustrating. They constantly
unpair from one another so I just gave up and now I only use 1 piece. Total
waste of money.
    Constantly falling out of my ears. Trying to reposition them invariably
turns them off.Trouble syncing with Samsung S10Plus 5G.The left and right buds
struggle to find each other.Thoroughly disappointed. Would not recommend.
    Easy to use and Good sound quality. earbud Case can be power bank to charge
my phone.  light in weight. comfortable and come with ear size adjustment pieces
    I boughter this earbuds for myself. There are secure and comfortable, and
the sound quality is very excellent. What I need! I use them at work, and at
home, and at the jogging. Very comfortably.I would recommend this earbuds to
anyone looking to cut the their cord. Charge hold for a long time. I put 5
stars.
    The battery life is really impressive, took 2 weeks to drain the first
charge. I use one throughout the day and two when working out. The only issue
I’ve had is that the right channel will cut out/lose signal occasionally when
using both buds. They’re discreet and both call quality and sound quality are
fantastic. Great deal, solid product
    I bought these for just everyday use and they work great!. No issues what so
ever. The battery life is great, sound is great, the distance my phone can be
from the earphones and still play music is amazing! Id say this is a great
product.
    I enjoyed this product despite a 3 hour battery life. They're comfortable
and the sound quality is decent. However after a few months, the audio of the
right earbud has become about 50% quieter than the left earbud. The imbalance in
volume of the earbuds makes it difficult to enjoy this product.
    These headphones worked well to start but they refused to stay connected to
my phone and each other. Only one of them would connect to my phone and the
other one wouldn't connect at all so I only had one headphone for awhile. I
looked up videos on how to reconnect them but it wouldn't remain connected.
    Trash!!! They keep disconnecting from my phone then she started making a
loud continuous noise. Everytime I try to push them in my ear because they slip
constantly, they hang up.
    After a few months of usage I stop using it. Right one disconnect often from
audio or have intermittent sound. It disconnected once from the left one and I
figure out how to pair it again base on a Google page, but then the volume is
lower that the left ear. Really a bad purchase.
    When working out in a smaller gym or at home with pretty much no one around,
these work great and love them, but I like to run 5k races and it does not like
all the other blue tooth connections around and would never pair, was very
frustrating.  Also not a huge fan of the only way to reset (turn off and on) is
by putting them back in the charging case.  Other than that they've been fine,
not the best on battery life get approx 2 hrs. out of one charge.  But you get
what you pay for.
    These buds are an Excellent value!  They last a couple hours or so, they
sound good, and fit well because they come with a few different sizes of ear
pieces. Added bonus - you can charge your phone off the docking station for
these buds!
    These were a gift to my husband for Christmas. When he first got them they
were great. A couple months later and the sound seems to have faded in a way.
They are not noise canceling at all, and when he is running on a treadmill he
says it’s almost pointless using them because they don’t turn up enough to drown
out the sound of the treadmill. The only thing he likes is that they charge in
in the case and they do stay put when he running.
    This are some of the best wireless headphones I have ever had. There
comfortable easy to work  and they have great sound an noise cancelation. They
last a good 3-5 hours really depends on what you are doing they only take 15
minutes to charge which is amazing and it comes with not only just the charger
but it’s a  Portable charger as well it’s just a all together great product.
    They are working fine, looking for a cheaper solution rather than buy the
iPhone this are u solution
    Not booming, but comfortable, charging station holds a charge for a long
time
    These are great for music, watching videos on your phone, etc.  They aren't
great for phone calls. Overall they are fantastic for the gym, walking, videos,
etc
    I have been trying many different brands of ear buds with little
satisfaction. I received these and the minute I turned them on, I was hooked. I
love that they are wireless and begin to pair with my phone as soon as I take
them out of the base. Also the confirmation that both sides have been connected
leaves out any doubt.
    I wore these earbuds for a half marathon I ran a couple of days ago and the
battery lasted the whole time. They fit in my ears well and I did not have to
adjust them and never felt that they were falling out. The sound was great, much
better than other wired headphones I have. I would definitely recommend these,
especially if you need something to work out in.
    Find the sound quality great. The sound canceling is great.
    I had issues with other earbuds falling off but this one fits perfectly. Not
only that, the battery seems to last forever. The power bank is also very handy
for charging my phone when I need to. Great purchase all together.
    When I first got the headphones I was a little concerned because I’ve always
had issues with earbuds staying in my ears but they actually fit perfectly and
they’re really comfortable. I love that they’re noice cancelling, even when my
volumes low I can only hear what’s going on in my ears. They are great and I
definitely will be recommending these earbuds to all of my friends!
    Great product for a great price! I've listened for up to 3 hours straight
without the battery going out. Charging is super fast and constant as long as
ear buds are in their case. Sounds great and noise cancellation works almost too
well. Don't expect to hear much outside noise while wearing these.
    They are easy to use and the battery like is good.
    So awful. Just atrocious earbuds. Bad sound quality, don't block any noise,
battery lasts only 2 hours, constantly disconnecting from eachother & your
device. Extremely bad quality of materials too, the mesh on the earhole is a
joke in the hopes that you don't notice you just paid for hollow plastic.
    Very good sound quality but the battery only last 3 hours maximum !
    The battery life so far has been great. The touch controls are responsive
and working well. The pouch that is included is also very nice as well as
protective. The earbuds connect seamlessly after taking them out of the case.
The case that doubles as a portable charger has also come in handy multiple
times. Overall, a great buy.
    Great sound quality! This is my first experience with wireless ear buds and
they are two thumbs up! Traveling tomorrow for work and definitely will be using
them on the plane. I did not use these to work out. They are  pretty comfy and
lightweight!  Nice product for the price point.
    I just got these buds today, and I was just playing some jams while I
decided which size earpiece to use and I realized my girlfriend had been trying
to talk to me for the past 2 minutes and was now glaring at me. I didn't even
notice her talking! These earbuds have amazing sound quality, comfort, and noise
cancellation for the price of them.
    I’ve had these for 6 months and am very happy. They sync up fast and have
had no issues with them.
    I like the product, the quality is more than good. The sound is great, also
the bass. It chargers super quick and it is easy to connect to your phones
bluetooth. The only downside is that sometimes they slip out of the ear, or they
feel like "oily", even though your ears are clean hahaha. Other than that, I
would but it again.
    Received these wireless earphones , and very satisfied with them! It was
very easy to get them setup and will be automatically connected or disconnected
when I wear them or put them back to the charging case. I used them to listen
music when doing exercise in Gym and to make phone calls all hands free.
    These earbuds are easy to set up, if you having trouble connecting there is
even a Facebook video with directions.If you like to listen to music in bed
these are great because they do not hurt your ears if you lay down with
them.These also have a good range, I was able to have a phone conversation while
being in one room and my phone in another.
    Can’t say how much I love these earbuds anymore than I am. Comfortable and
easy to pair. Great sound and don’t fall out of your ear when you run! Love love
love!
    Had these for 2 months. Love them! My husband works from home and uses them
for his meetings.
    I was impressed, easy hook up, easy charge and amazing quality. I felt like
I was wearing $300 headphones honestly. I would highly recommend for people who
like to go hands free and don’t want to go broke paying for it. I am planning on
purchasing more for the family. My favorite feature is the charging case/storage
which is also a power bank.
    Sound quality is pretty good (not great), phone calls on my end are crisp
and clear and on the other end I've been told it's not great but they can hear
me well enough that I've never had to repeat myself. I don't make phone calls
often so this isn't that important to me. All in all I highly recommend these
earbuds!
    I love the compact design of the charging case. TI was previously using a
collar headset that rubbed against my neck and was irritating, so these were a
really nice alternative! I love listening to the music while going about my
everyday life, and I just can't believe the sound quality that comes from these
earbuds!
    I have had other wireless ear-buds that didn't even come close to the sound
quality that these have or the range. These ear buds have enough range on them
that I don't have to be tied down to my device. This is an excellent product and
I would certain recommend them to friends or family.
    Love these!  I usually use them at work & only use one.  Have had for a
month & only charged the case once. Easy to sink & use.
    Was looking for wireless, without breaking the bank. These were everything I
was looking for and more. Decent enough sound, nothing mindblowing, but the
convenience of being wireless, AND a charging case that also charges your phone
more than made up for it.
    So far this has been the best purchase earphone wise. It’s super
lightweight, last about 3 hours and love the charger as a battery bank for my
earphones and my phone. So far no complaint about it. Also fakespot rated this
as “A” meaning rating means it’s legit.
    This wireless headphone has not delayed and didn’t interrupt signal. When I
was in mall or any supermarket, it’s still work good. The quality and material
makes me satisfied with this price.
    Size and comfort of these earbuds are fabulous.  Charging case is very
convenient and pairing device was quick & fairly simple.  Disappointed that they
cannot be used aboard aircraft.  Look forward to using them at the gym!
    Sounds great. Batteries last 3 hours of music. Case keeps them charged when
not in use.
    If I could do 0 for battery life I would do 0 stars I've used it 4 times and
fully charge it within 1 week battery pack is dead wish I used it more when
bought it would of sent this trash back
    These headphones are awesome! I have used several different brands aNd they
usually fall out of my ears but these ones stay in when I run and
everything....when I use them to talk on everyone says they can hear me clearly
and the recharge feature with the box I amazing!
    These are great, if my left earbud didn't have a weird crackle to it and
things sounded off. I have to adjust the earbud to a certain spot for it to
sound good, for the most part.
    They generally do work. But in a short time one starts to function at a much
higher volume than the other. It’s very annoying. And if you turn up the volume
it only raises on the side that’s already louder. It is really annoying because
I tried to get in contact with the manufacturer and they never got back to me.
    I was a bit skeptical at first when I bought it but all my doubts vanished
when I tried them on. The sound is AMAZING and it fit my ear perfectly and
comfortably. And the best part is that they didn't fall off during my workout. I
would definitely recommend these to anyone who wants high-quality wireless
bluetooth earbuds. 100% WORTH the price!!!
    I've been using it for over a week now, and I love it. The earbuds are
completely fit to my ears. It's comfortable for working out and using at work
    Not a bad set of earbuds, good price and a good sound. I use these when I go
to Vegas and walk the strip and had no issues.
    They work pretty well, the connection is strong even when in another room,
but linking the bluetooth is a pain...I have to relink it every time I take out
an earbud and one earbud has totally stopped charging. Now I cannot even use it.
    Revised review-  After a few months the right one doesn't work at all!  I
just get sound from one.  I've looked through Google and it's a common problem.
Don't get these...find different ones!!!!!
    Personally I would like a bit more bass otherwise great product.
    I have a 60 acre farm. I wear these while mowing and listening to podcasts.
It makes the time go by fast. They are the easiest things to pair I’ve ever
owned. I take them out of the case and they’re telling me they’re paired
already!
    I have used these headphone for about 6 weeks and really enjoy them during
my exercise routine. At first I was concerned about the sound quality, but I
tried several different sizes of the little earpiece covers until I found the
one that fit my ears the best. Now, the sound quality is really good. The
battery lasts for hours, and the re-charging station has good design. For the
price I paid, these headphone I would say are a very good value.
    These bluetooth ear buds perform better than any boxed with your new phone
and definitely on par with wired senheisser.
    I will update this as I continue to use them. But I mainly got these for
noise cancelling abilities and they work really well. I can barely hear myself
walk when I have them in. Have used them for hours without battery recharge as
well.
    Not a good purchase. We are on our second pair and the headphones stop
syncing together. So, you will have on connected and the other one isn't. Super
annoying. Sending back AGAIN!
    I really loved these earbuds and used the left one often. But because
they're not secured in the ear in any way it came loose when I needed to bend
over. It finally got lost, and because only the left bud can pair to a device I
now have one useless earbud and a phone battery.Can't recommend.
    First time getting wireless headphones and very disappointed. They wont hold
a charge for very long and the sound gets broken if im too far away from phone
(more then 5 steps away). I bought them cuz i thought it had honest reviews but
i dont feel like they were true. I tried to only use 1 side but it would not
connect or it would just shut off. I wish i didn't wait so long to use them so i
could return them but im learning the hard way.
    I bought these as a gift for Christmas, but they stopped working by early
March. Unfortunately,  enough has passed that I’m no longer able to return them,
so I’m very disappointed that they didn’t last longer then 2 1/2 months.
    These are great earbuds for music, however, when on a phone call not so
much. I can barely hear the person on the other line and they cant hear me
either. I've checked my settings and everything and raised the volume all the
way up  and still can't get the thing to work properly for phone calls.
    I had these for one day and like them but they keep shorting out and skips
when a song is playing. Very Dissapointed. FOr $50 I feel completely ripped off!
    Great price, great sound. Have bought three pairs of these for the kids
    These work as described and very well. It does last 4 hours, but it comes
with a charge bank that charges pretty quickly so you will get a good amount of
time out before the whole bank needs a recharge. Sync easily both singles and
dual. Doesn't sit in the ear that steady though. If your in a workout may fall
out.
    Really good pair of earbuds. Fits great on my ears with the standard sizes
of the buds. Great bass, noise cancelation and really good battery life overall.
    The battery life and sound quality are excellent.  They are not very
effective when trying to talk on the phone.  The ear buds are better suited for
listening only.  It is also sometimes difficult to switch between devices.
Overall I am very pleased with my purchase and would recommend them!
    I just bought this earbuds like 2 weeks ago. This one is the best Bluetooth
earbuds in all my collection. The sound is good and also the noise resistance
with this price. You can't hear the noise around if you put both earbuds in .
After I bought it, I recommend it to my friends. And I bought 2 of it for them.
They also give me good feedback. Nice one.
    They were purchased for my husband a couple of months ago. He used them for
his daily walks/runs with our son and dog. Last week he lost the charger box for
them. Customer service has been extremely helpful and a replacement charger box
is being sent out to us. Would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for
wireless headphones.
    The only down side is they are a bit big for my small ears so I think they
would be uncomfortable after long wear.
    I originally purchased enacfire, but they were so bulky and I have tiny
ears. I didnt like the way they felt or looked on me. So I decided to try these
and they are so much more form fitting, plus the adjustable sizes that come with
it. If you are looking for a less expensive, quality pair of wireless earbuds,
this may be the perfect ones for you
    Great earphones, The only thing Is the charge doesn’t last as long as I’d
like and if you only want to use one earphone you can’t leave the left earphone
charging because it won’t connect to Bluetooth.
    These ear buds are amazing! I used them in the pool and outside when i do
yard work. the range is great, the quality is excellent. best $50 i've spent!
    Really wanted to like these based on reading the other reviews. For two
weeks they were good but ,during week three, the sound decreased significantly
in the right ear. Now it’s super loud in the left ear bud and barely audible in
the right. It’s a shame because for two weeks they were clutch.
    One of earbuds already not working.
    Connection is extremely spotty. Goes in and out A LOT. I've owned a lot of
wireless headsets and this pair has the worst connectivity of them all.
    I give these a A-. The battery life is surprisingly good, easy to charge,
easy to setup and just great all around. The only issue I had was the stock ear
bud pieces didn't fit the best... I had to buy my own at a gas station to get a
better fit, but maybe I just have a freak ear canal or something. Highly
recommended!
    Update: I had given 4/5 stars and liked the product for the month or so they
stayed in one piece and working. They stared messing up about 45 days in and I
got 0 help from the company. They said they’d send a replacement for the right
bud and never did and now the left bud is messed up as well. I’d avoid this
mainly due to lack of support and customer service.
    I bought mine in Oct. 2019. I don’t use them very much. But now one
indicates that it is defective and doesn’t work. Besides that, the left one
won’t stay in my ear no matter which size cup I use. I’ve ordered ones with ear
clips.
    Awesome battery time for amazing play time
    Excellent. I received these as a gift and am extremely happy with them. They
paired immediately with my cell phone. The quality is as good as I need. Very
happy.  English in instructions should be proofed, gives impression of cheap.
    I am so disappointed to be writing a bad review about this product. I bought
them for my husband back in Sept 2018 for working out and they stopped working
two days ago due to sweat damage. One of the main reasons I went with these
headphones is because they are advertised as being waterproof. This is false
advertisement if you ask me. In every other aspect these headphones have
performed as advertised and it is a huge shame that they could not hold up to a
little sweat.
    Very easy to set up, I like that when you take earbuds off charging base
they  automatically connect and they stay in your ears.  I like to run and they
do not fall out even when I am running in the rain. Sound is great and very
comfortable wearing.
    Many things wrong.1) can’t use just one ear at a time2) battery life is
terrible3) one evidently goes bad
    I love everything about these headphones. They’re small, convenient, cancell
out all the noise at the gym, have great bass and quality. I love being able to
tap on the sides for certain commands, I don’t have to pick my phone up. They
are convenient and efficient. Makes for a great gift!
    Wanted to give these a higher rating because I do like them but I’m so
bummed after only a year the left bud stopped working. I only used these for
working out and not everyday life so not like I was over using them what so
ever. BUMMED! Should have gone with the AirPods from the beginning!
    These wireless earbuds are very comfortable to wear. The case is perfect to
charge the earbuds and the fact that It can help charge my phone as well is
amazing. The earbuds last a long time which is perfect for long trips. They are
easy to connect to the Bluetooth and sound quality is great. I definitely
recommend these earbuds. Would buy again!
    Love these ears buds! They fit comfortably in my ear and stayed in great
when I wore them to workout. The sound is clear and crisp! They also were great
at keeping out outside noises! Looking forward to using them for more workout
sessions!
    So far was the best I every had, I’m working 5 time a week at gym aways
looking for easy carry and great level of sound headphone, it’s the perfect fro
the gym and running using. Love it definitely recommended to every one
    These earbuds are really awesome. The sound quality and battery life is
great too. I bought it for myself and I am really glad to make that decision.
    I liked how quickly the product arrived and the overall design was great.
They stayed in my ears and the charging case was a nice feature. However, they
have an effective range of about 2 feet. Things were generally okay if I put
them in my jacket pocket, but the connection got very spotty if I put them in my
pants pocket. Also, there is not a way to turn them off unless you have the case
on you, which I found annoying.
    Great product I love it.I had earphones that slide off my head when working
out these fit perfectly in my ear and the hands free mode is awesome I
definitely recommend these to all.The only thing I don't like is where's the
bass but then again I understand because I don't want busted eardrums.Thanks for
such and awesome product and great price!!!
    The sound quality is quite good, it is suitable for those who listen to the
emotions that make people feel very happy.  It sounds very good!!!!!! I haven’t
felt uncomfortable after wearing it for a long time. It is suitable for sports
as well. My friend was attracted to my new earphones. I was so glad that I chose
this one!!!!
    I usually go for major name brand when it comes to electronics because the
quality is typically much better as well as the warranty.  But I took a chance
on these because of the many excellent reviews.  They work really good at the
gym and even keep wind out while riding my bike. Very impressed and will see how
they last on my trip to Disneyland in a couple weeks.
    Great sound the volumn goes very loud.. sounds clear.. fit great in my ears
and don’t move at all even when working out.
    I didn't really expect this headphones to be that incredible since it's only
50 dollars. I am totally happy about my investment. They cancelled all the
outside noise they have pretty good sound and I am amazed about the battery
life. If you are looking for a cheap bluetooth headphones than you are looking
at the right product.
    Absolutely no bass, it's like listening to a.m. Radio.... If they had better
sound I would've kept them..... Sending back, my music and movies have to have
great sound quality.... It's what I get for trying to go cheap.
    When I run or drive, it’s uncomfortable to use headphone with thread. The
first time I see this wireless bluetooth headphone, I want to buy it. When I use
it, I think it is the best wireless bluetooth headphone I have ever purchased. I
have used this headset for three days and almost full power, very nice. What's
more, the sound quality is very good . I like it very much.
    Great product I use them while running they stay in even through the sweat
    Ok so it came so fast. I ordered it yesterday morning. It was delivered
before i got off work. Everything about this is great EXCEPT ive had to charge
it twice today. I shouldnt have to. It charged all night. Maybe i did something
wrong. But i hate that the battery doesnt last all day.
    Awesome I love these they charge your phone they last a long time I'm in
love
    I got these for my 18 year old son for his birthday.  He said they are the
best he has owned yet!
    Work well for the cost.
    The battery life is HUGE!!! They sound better than any other I have heard.
They are user friendly they light indicators. I have no regrets. I love the fact
that they work as a power bank for your phone. That's one less thing in my
pocket.
    The sound quality of the earbuds are great. I however did not like the size
of them. They felt bulks and heave in my ear. It might be ok if there was a cord
to them, but they kept falling out of my ears. Not great for running.
    I honestly like everything about this product. I’m audiobook and music
listener and couldn’t hav asked for a better earphone. The price is perfect for
it.
    The best earbuds I've owned so far. They effectively cancelled out any
background noises and the sound quality was great. The battery life was also
reasonably long and it didn't take long to recharge it. Really recommened these
if you're going for quality earbuds that are still affordable.
    Love the case they sit in and charge in and easy to charge. They do get a
little heavy after extended use, but otherwise they are great wireless ear buds,
plus you can pause your video with a light tap to the earbud.
    It's nice so far. It always feels like they're going to fall out and
slightly irritating the ear canal. But if you feel past it. You'll live. The
charging cable is no longer than 4 inches so buy another one or scavenge an old
one. Audio will also cut out and stop playing music but usually reconnects after
10-15 seconds
    These are 100% the best earbuds I've ever owned! Better than $195 set of
Bose earbuds hands down!
    These are the first buds I purchased and I love them!
    Died after a few months.
    The sound quality is very good better then air pods in my opinion also the
comfort level is very good stays in the ear don’t have to worry about them
falling out during my workouts and morning runs only thing is I can’t get them
to skip the track forward but I’ve only had for a couple days so I’m sure I’ll
figure it out over well worth the money
    They were great headphones but after about 2 weeks the left one began to
play really soft. A week after that it completely stopped working. I keep them
in my car for back up now. They don’t stay in too great, if I wasn’t wearing a
headband over them they’d tend to fall out.
    This product worked like a charm, I make sure to research for earbuds
extensively and this one had the most legit reviews and promised the longest
battery life( battery life is most important for me) when received, the noise
cancellation was definitely not a lie and the bass was more then i ever expected
for wireless earbuds.No regrets.
    The ear buds are great! The sound quality is good. The battery seems to last
forever! The stay in my ears no matter what I'm doing and are comfortable. Very
happy with them and would recomend them.
    Thisis was purchased for my son.  He says they are very good.  Much better
than what he has used in the past.
    These headphones fit in my ear nicely. I have small everything, so other
headphones are too big and fall out. I really like these. Customer service is
top notch. They helped me when I was having pairing issues. They sent me a video
of how to Pair them.  Good people.
    Nice product for the price
    I have purchased these for work and play.  The ear buds are simple to work
and have a nice sound to them.  Would like them to be a bit louder but still are
great.
    Lightweight earbuds that fit perfectly when doing sports. Bluetooth
connection is easy to use. Battery lasts long enough for most sports events. I'm
carrying it every day now.
    I purchase the Pasonomi from Amazon several months ago and I did not use.I
try to use than It's working one side only, right or left.I sent an email to the
Pasonomi and they reply within two hours.It is working fine.Appreciate prompt
help! Sincerely, Peter Ahn
    The only thing these ear buds are good for is music. You can't talk on the
phone without it constantly disconnecting and then pairing again.
    Amazing! By far the best ear buds I’ve ever had! They are easy to use and
don’t feel cheap at all! Amazing for the price!
    Works really great. Sounds great
    So had them for a week and working great, wind does effect them. Not so much
for me but who I am talking to.So I wanted to change the rubber part that go in
the ear and the screen broke off so there sthat? So not sure if I would
recommend them. The search continues for the right pair of ear buds. $50 dollars
gone but not forgotten...
    Earbuds pair and connect to devices easily, and I really like having the
option to use only one. I also really enjoy that the charging station serves as
a power bank. I've been using them pretty frequently since they arrived, and I'm
pleased with the range, sound quality, and battery life.
    Worst buy, not loud, sound sucks, bought February and the left ear bud
stopped working.
    This is a very good sound quality earphone, they perfectly plug on my ears
without any uncomfortable feeling.  And moreover, the earphone connect to my
device quickly. Bravo!
    Worked well for the first 6 months but now they are not as loud as they used
to be. I use them to listen to music while working.
    Great sound, easy to pair, love all the charging features. I would buy
again.
    They worked great! Until they didn’t. I use these to run in, they were
perfect, until after a couple months, and then the right ear only kind of works.
It’s very very very faint, even on full volume, left one works fine, but you
literally can hardly hear anything out of the right earbud only after two
months. I loved them, until it unfortunately stopped working.
    I like the headphones very much, the battery is very good, it can be used
for a long time. The size is also suitable for my ears, and it is very
comfortable to wear for a long time. In addition, the sound quality is not bad,
the sound insulation is good. I like it very much.
    Great headphones for the gym, they do not get in the way and stay in place.
I like that they are so small so they dont get in the way of my hair or
anything.
    Not recommended. I bought them for my husband and he was complaining about
the battery and noise so I had to return them!
    Best buy of the year. I use them all day I love that I can use individual
buds or pair them. As well the case holds my charge for about 3 days
    They're fine until they randomly disconnect. And they're basically useless
under 30% battery. It will silence whatever you're listening to to tell you the
battery is low literally every 20 seconds. And the low battery warning lasts a
full ten seconds. It's annoying as shit don't buy these retarded things
    I do really like these but I must say that the battery life is falling
short. if you use both at the same time you will get 2 hours of battery life. if
you use only one you get about 4 hours of life out of it. The battery pack that
it comes with is great and charges them really well!
    I was a little skeptical having read a few reviews of these ear buds.
Surprise!  It turns out the product and instructions are jam up and excellent.
No, they are not high-end wireless buds, but they sound great, are waterproof,
and pair as described. Worth the price and totally reliable.
    This product was great until one earphone stopped working a couple months
into having them. I bought a warranty so I thought it would be easy to replace
them but it's been two months since I filed the claim and still no response from
the seller. I'm out 50 bucks and I'm furious.
    This product is great, I generally use my earbuds in the bathroom, but with
these I can even shower! In summary, they are great, for the price they sound
really good and has decent battery and bass, totally recommended.
    Sound is great for the gym. My only bummer is when talking on phone people
say my voice is garbled. So I just won’t answer the phone in the gym!?
    I was always looking for a true wire-free Bluetooth headphone and Pasonomi
is exactly what I was looking for. It is relatively cheaper than most of the
major brands. The battery is good, the sound is good and gets paired to laptop
or phones quite easily. Very satisfied!
    Man received these today and I can’t believe how good they are. Needs a
little more bass but my go to feature is you can adjust volume with these and
not need your phone. Pairing was less than 15 seconds as well. Definitely
recommend.
    These are truly amazing!!! The sound quality is outstanding! Whether you're
working out or doing basic daily projects they are perfect. I purchased 2 other
brands & they were the worst all the way around. I should have stuck with my
original purchase but chose the others based on the description.  Do yourself a
favor and look no further.
    Nice sound and they actually stay in my ears but the battery doesn’t even
last 3 hours.
    Not disappointed!!! Great fit, sound quality is good! I love that I’m able
to use the case to charge my phone, that’s a great feature!! I highly recommend
these wireless earbuds!!
    These are great headphones.  I run hard in them outside and the sound
quality is great.  Also I take work calls when I’m out and again they are more
than up to the job.  I’ve been spending the past two years on ear buds that are
both wired and burn out quickly and I’m encouraged that I spent a little extra
and bought a quality product this time around.
    It works fine beside the right earbud seems to be quite a bit quieter than
the left when playing music. I tried the same headphone in both ears to make
sure it wasn’t me. Battery life ain’t nothing special but it connects quickly
and gets right to playing music. Would still buy again.
    It’s nice with all of the equipment that it came with, extra rubber earbuds
a little satchel to put your earbuds and charger into and a charger cable. You
can also charge your mobile phone with it as well
    Poor quality headphone. Literally no “noise cancelling”. Poor form fitting
and I’m worried about them popping out half the time. The music quality is sub-
par and the pairing system only works 70% of the time. Only good thing is that
the power bank (case) has a huge charge so usually lasts me a month.
    Great headphones. Good sound quality with a really comfortable fit. I
typically can't wear ear buds for longer than 20minutes without them irritating
my ears, but I have no issues with these at all. They also come with different
attachments for the headphones depending on your ear size for a better
experience
    Great ear buds. If you use one at a time great for talking on the phone. If
you use both not the greatest.
    A great pair of wireless headphones at a reasonable price. I've been wanting
to purchase a pair of wireless headphones for a few months, but kept putting it
off, until I found these. Great design and fit, excellent charging case, good
battery life and affordable. What else could you ask for?
    No surrounding noise cancellation ( it actually magnifies it over your own
voice)Main thing was that charging case stopped working less than a month from
purchasing. Product support team was not helpful. Had to go through Amazon
customer support for a refund.
    i use these every day for running- i've went through a bunch of dif types of
earbuds and these are the best so far- also they've lasted longer than any of
the ones i've had prior
    Pleasantly surprised with this purchase.  Battery last a decent amount of
time. Connection and audio quality is fabulous. The case also doubles as a
portable charger for my phone and holds a charge WAY longer than I thought it
would. VERY happy with this purchase.  Would absolutely recommend.
    These Earbuds are great! Well designed, made very well.The sound quality is
great, no wores, I wont get tangled when running...Very clear instructions,
great customer service if you have any questions. The charging case and USB cord
are well made.These work great with my Samsung Galaxy Note9! I highly
recommend!!
    Good value. Sound quality very good.  A little over 2 hours of continuous
music on one battery charge.  No sound distortion on high notes in opera.
    Overall... Love it.  Simple & efficient.However, there are some areas of
improvement.  Left channel is the master, unlike the apple pods where you can
put just one (right or left) you must always have left one out.
    The earbuds fit well and they have yet to fall out when I exercise and while
the earbuds themselves don’t last for longer than three hours, I have yet to run
into any real issues with it dying when I am doing anything, as the case has
been able to charge it up enough to have it last indefinitely
    Was looking for a good pair of wireless headphones, and these fit the bill,
not a lot of bass, but wasn’t looking for bass.  Paired up easy with my phone
and controls are easy to use!
    I use these earplugs to listen to music, movies and games every day. The
sound quality is good. Ultra clear, rich bass. The quality of construction is
comparable to that of more well-known companies... They don't think it's cheap.
They provide excellent battery life and super easy connection. You won't be
disappointed to buy these!!!!!'
    After two months only one bud would sync. Battery life deteriorates quickly.
Battery life about 1 hr 20 min after first dozen uses.
    These earbuds are great. It fits comfortably and the sound is very clear.
The charging dock doubles as a charger for the earbuds and for your phone with a
long lasting battery life. I have not need to charge the dock much since I got
it, maybe once but that was it. I recommend trying these earbuds out if your
looking for great quality wireless earbuds.
    Bought these in February and absolutely loved these and was used them every
day. That is until the right earbud just stopped connecting a couple weeks ago
and won't work no matter what I've tried. Super bummed I'll have to look for a
different pair and a little put out I spent $50 on something that didn't even
work 3months.
    They pair up easy to my phone.  Sound good
    The right earbud volume went to 50% of the left earbud after 8 months of
use.
    I've had this for a tad under 2 months now, the battery life has gone to the
gutter in this time. I cant get through an entire gym session before they die.
When the battery actually lasted, I loved these. But now I'm gonna have to trash
em and invest in a new pair elsewhere.
    The earbuds are really good.They don't go too deep into the ear canal which
is a plus. You can also add different sizes to help reduce noise.I went for a
jog and the connection with both earbuds did not drop once.I would recommend
these as they are fair for their price.
    The sound quality is superb, and there are some exciting extra features that
aren’t in the instructions (like being able to pause/play and use Siri by
touching the right and left earbud respectively) The instruction booklet is a
little unclear, but once you pair the earbuds with your device it’s smooth
sailing.
    I ordered this product for running and working out. Not having to worry
about a wire connection is great. I love the sound, the comfort and the fact
that they charge in the case.After using mine and liking them, I bought another
set for my daughter’s birthday and she loves them.
    I honestly loved these earphones so much. They had a long battery life, fit
well in my ears, and the sound was great. However, a month in the headphones
stopped working. There is no damage to these ear phones at all, I take great
care of them, so it was very disappointing to see. I would not purchase these
again.
    I love the earbuds. The music quality is great. They cancel out noise. They
fit well in my ears. I’m able to exercise on my bike without worrying about
them.
    Ok foreign misinstructions on how to link took three  3 tries
    i got faulty earphones which i tried to return. but for some reason they did
not receive the return and so I haven't got my refund. Also its been only a few
months and the left bud is not working like it used to. Having low volume in
left, and high in right.
    I think this bluetooth earbuds are too hard and it hurts when I wear them
more than 5 minutes. I cannot imagine wearing this and work out. I just received
this item today but I am returning them due to an unpleasing ear fit.
    Sound quality was very decent and the earbud container also held a good
amount of charge, getting my phone to about half if i didn't have an outlet
nearby. the only problem is that wireless earbuds are really easy to lose, so
keep them in their case when you're not using them lol
    The earbuds work great and have a great fit. I like using them around the
house. The never slip and connect to Bluetooth flawlessly. Only issue is they
have a tinging sound that sometimes happens and can be annoying but I'm used to
wired headphones with better base but the wireless is great so I cant complain
too much.
    Each earbud lasts about 3.5 hours. So far the only complaint I have is when
using the earbuds separately there is no volume control on the earbuds
themselves which can make them rather quiet. When using both pair though it is
easy enough to get a loud clear sound from them.
    Excellent  quality and sound, noise cancellation is great. Very comfortable,
perfect fit for myself, my spouse and even my children. Come in a great little
charging box, which is very easy to use. Would definitely purchase again.
    I'm pretty rough with my headphones (gym bag, sauna, sweat, no cleaning,
etc.) and these are still hanging in there after 5 months. Connection process is
a bit wonky and I don't actually know if I know how to turn them off.
    I tried to pare them 8x. First attempts nothing, then one then both by the
last time.It also took 8x to pare to the phone. No sound at all ever and powered
off by itself after 5 mins. I charged them overnight.....
    These earbuds are garbage. I'm on my second pair. First pair had a hardware
issue after about 35 days and wouldn't charge one side. Second pair seems to
have a hardware failure with one side playing muffled/lower. Tried to reset the
earbuds several times and no success. I'm returning them again and getting
something decent from a company that knows how to make earbuds.
    A very good working time sound ok and a verey good price. Eazy connecting
the only thing i dislike is that the case is so big i  can not bot it in my
baket comfortable it is great that it can charge it meany time but i prefer it
smaller. I found my self living the case in home when i go out but it does hold
a lot of charge
    It is great indoors for listening. However, outdoors the connection is not
great and the sound keeps interrupting, even when you hold your phone near-by in
your hand.The mic is not sensitive, you sort of need to scream for the other
party to hear you.
    Too big
    I read a few reviews of the sound quality being terrible. I ignored the
messages is as that said “the bass was terrible”...it is true. Sound sucks. I
don’t except “Bose” quality sound level but these aren’t good. It when we’re
valued at $15 I would take them, but not these.Also, I called 3 people and got
“you sound crackled” “you sound broken” “you sound like you’re in a
bathroom”....so I’m returning these and sticking with my bulky soundwhiz brand.
    me agradó mucho este artículo de audio. Tiene un buen rendimiento y calidad
en los audio, sobre todo muy cómodo al oído.  Lo uso constantemente para mis
reproducciones en el teléfono móvil y la computadora. Me encantaron. Se los
recomiendo.
    purchased as a gift - within about 6-8 uses while exercising the right ear
bud stopped working - received a replacement set and the same thing happened -
did all the recommended trouble shooting, but nothing helped - research a better
set of blue tooth, wireless earbuds - do not purchase these
    Sometimes the right one won’t connect. Says it’s powered on but no music.
    I've been using the headphones while running at the gym with no problems.
They fit and stay in ear quite well. Charging them is also very simple with a
magnetic snap on in the case so you know earpods are charging. They also
autoconnect or turn off once you move them in and out of the case so connecting
the bluetooth is no hassle.
    Hurt like hell! Ears are sore to the touch. Controls are not user friendly.
Sensitive to the touch. Double tap motions control the buds.....just awful
    I liked the bluetooth earbuds very much. They have great sound quality and
are very useful for multiple things. You can also listen to good music without
static. I wore them for an entire day without having to charge them so I think
that that is very good. This item is both good in quality and price. It was
worth it
    The fit, sound, quality for these Bluetooth earbuds are awesome. Once you
find the perfect size to put on your earbuds they fit great. I love that it has
a touch stop/play for your music on both earbuds instead of other ones you have
to really push on to get the music to play or stop playing. I would purchase
these again.
    Sounds great once I put different ear tips on.  From the last set that
didn't work very well but sounded good when they did.  I got an idea to change
the good eartips from the bad ear buds to the good ear buds.  It worked
wonderfully  I am still listing to my my music list right now
    Great set of Bluetooth ear buds!  Solid, easy to pair, great sound, and
awesome battery life. Would buy again!
    Poor connection, connection is lost with phone in the pocket.Had better
sound quality out of 25$ headset.Battery does not last more than few
hours.Bluetooth 5.0? Not so sure.Overall disappointment.
    I love that they stay in your ears pretty good, sometimes you have to make a
minor adjustment. The only thing that I feel it is lacking is when your on a
call, the person on the other end has a hard time hearing you.
    Good sound. Would not stay connected. Then when refunded they didn't issue
full refund. Pd 41.99. Issued 34.99
    The battery life is great and as advertised. The bass isn't strong, but
these are great for running. I've been running with them 5-6 times a week for
about 2 months now, and have only had to charge the case 2 times.
    I’m really happy with this product, especially for when I travel. I’m able
to listen to music or watch a movie with great sound. They fit comfortable and I
like that I’m not constantly untangling wires. Great purchase, I highly
recommend!
    I like the quality the comfort charging case is awesome how ever you can
only use the right earbud independent the left wont connect to phone links to
other earbud battery life is a bit below advertised they do charge very quickly
though
    Broke after only 1.5 months.  It will not charge anymore. I missed my return
date by 15 days.  I loved it when it worked.  Now I hate it and can't get my
money back.
    Easy to install, wish you didn't have to disconnect from one device and
connect to another every time you switch. Sound quality ok, battery life about
3-4 hours.
    These are really nice earphones,i wear them every time during workout and
they are very comfortable.The only thing is they are not good for calling as the
mic does not pics up voice every time.They have a really good battery life and
charging case is small and handy and lasts long once charged.
    I loved the sound quality for about 2 weeks, but the left earbud lost the
majority of its sound for seemingly no reason. Just spend some extra money for
the Apple Airpods. These are very low quality.
    Easy to use. No cords. Waterproof! I even tried them in the shower, and they
worked great. They do cancel noise, but I have yet to find one that completely
blocks all the noise though. Play around with the tips to get a secure fit and
the best noise cancellation possible.
    The earbud fits well and its comfortable to wear. The volume is pretty good
(very high) and the connection process is easy. Not sure yet about the battery,
but I'm happy with the product until now!
    Sound is good and the kids like them
    Product was great out of the box. After 6 weeks they barely have any sound
coming out of them. Extremely disappointing
    Used it for a few months and then they just stopped working. They still say
they are pairing, but no sound comes out.
    I read a lot of reviews before I purchased, and was encouraged. I thought
the sound was tinny, and they didn’t stay in my ears. Returned them. :-(
    These fit well and sound good.  My one complaint is that the docking is
tricky and I have drained the batteries a couple times!
    it sounds really decent and it holds really well in my ear.
    Solid earbuds for the price 👌I use them every day at the gym and while
commuting to work.You can also use just one earbud at a time if you want, which
is useful when I'm working at my desk
    my left earbuds Bluetooth is not working . I could not use one month now
it’s problem on left earbuds . I can’t hearing anything from left earbuds . What
is the solution ?Thank you
    I got these for my fiancé as a Christmas present & he loves them. They are
super easy to use. The battery last a very long time. I was concerned with how
well they would stay in the ears but they actually fit perfect. It comes with
different rubber pieces for different ear sizes!
    Absolutely love these! Water resistant. Sweat resistant. Go to the gym and
for runs and they stay in place. The noise cancellation is amazing. It's a great
snug fit inside my ear. They came with multiple sizes to adjust the ear piece so
that was great. I absolutely love these!
    Would have given a much higher review,  but one of the earbuds started to
fall apart after about a month.  If that earbud had stayed together I would have
given these a 4 Star review. Sound quality, pairing and battery life are all
good. Wish that that I did not get a defective unit.  UPDATE at 2.5 months one
of the earbuds stopped working.  Totally useless now.  DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY
    Good fit 3 size options, loud enough to wear on a loud harley motorcycle at
freeway speeds. Battery life is good they have only gone dead once while wearing
after most of the day.  Super easy to recharge in carrying case which doubles as
a phone charger as well.  Very convenient to be able to wear one at a time.
    charge is quickly and efficiently and easy to connect. Also it can use as
power bank also very convenient.
    Very great product. If you ever lose one they are very helpful in getting
another replacement to you. Love them.
    These are good ear buds , definitely worth buying. Good sounds quality, I
use them in the gym everyday and they stay in place. The battery is surprisingly
good in the case, takes a while before the case needs to be recharged.
    These wireless headphones work great as they easily connect with my phone
for listening to music and more. They work just as well as my daughter's more
pricey airpods.
    Bought these for my 13 year old for Christmas and she loves them.  They are
great quality and the customer service is awesome. My daughter ended up cracking
the charging box and the company replaced it for free. Would buy again and
recommend to anyone looking for wireless ear buds.
    These are exactly what I was looking for.  Comfortable and good sound. Easy
to use. No issues. Nice to have battery backup in the case as well.
    Just wanted to say that these arrived SUPER FAST!! I got them for my husband
to use for listening to music and HE LOVED THEM.. I will be purchasing another
set for myself as well as for my college daughter..
    Good product
    I like the product I just haven’t been able to figure out how to use only
one earbud,  it picks up noise around me really easy making it hard for people
to hear me when I’m talking to them.  But when it’s quiet around me they work
great !  And they’re very comfortable to wear
    These are awesome they work as described and the battery life is really
good. They stay in while exercising and have good sound quality. The case both
charges them and has a usb to charge your phone if needed. Would recommend to
anyone. Great product.
    The reason why I'm not giving 5 stars is because a lot of times it doesn't
connect to my phone even though it says it's connected.  It won't play the
music.
    I really loved these headphones at first, build quality seems great,
rechargable case with extra battery and ability to charge your phone.  All great
things.  Sound wasn't perfect but they worked, however one of the speakers just
stopped working.
    Way too huge for my ears
    Don't know why. When I searched for another brand earbud, this one pops up
to the top. Sound quality doesn't meet expectation. The volume of one side is
less than the other side.
    Right earbud died within a month of owning product. The 'mic' is basically
useless. When making phone calls it sounds like your being gagged with aluminum
foil while being drowned in a bathtub! Battery life is fine, but doesn't do much
good with such a garbage product. Don't buy.
    I got these wireless earphones because I do not like the the iPhone ear
phones and I didn’t want to pay for the apple iPods but now I am. These head
phone are horrible when it came to trying to hold a conversation with someone.
Either i was told i sounds very far away or they couldn’t hear me at all BUT
what i do like about them is that I can easily listen to music on them with no
problems.
    Gret earbuds for the price!  Haven't had any issues with them and the bonus
of the case being a power bank is awesome!
    Love these earbuds! I have small ears and have always had a hard  Time
finding ones that will stay in and still feel comfortable, these are amazing
because they come with two different sizes to fit your needs. The sound quality
is awesome and I had no trouble pairing them to my iPhone, I highly recommend!
    Theses are amazing and cut down ambient sound!  Very easy to pair.  I would
purchase again.
    These headphones are quite amazing, when I need to charge on the go I'm
prepared with this whenever I forget my portable charger at home. The music
quality isn’t too shabby better than some other earphones I have used. I think
that its def worth for the price could be better if they made the earphones last
to a whole day.
    Good
    These are the only way I listen to music now. I was surprised how great the
sound quality was from the small earbuds. I also love the charging aspect of it.
I can wear them while on the max, take them off and when I'm ready for them
they're fully charged. I'd recommend these to anyone.
    I was nervous because I hadn’t heard of the brand before but honesty it has
been great. The pairing could be a little easier but I use it in lab and at the
gym. It’s fantastic.
    I liked being able to just charge the case every so often over charging my
old ear buds more often. I found the sound quality to be good for this kind of
audio hardware.Just don't let your dog have them! Mine chewed through the entire
charging case one day, I think I'll be buying a replacement.
    I LOVED these headphones but over the last week or so the volume has become
so low that I can barely hear anything with the headphones and the phone at max
volume.
    T_R_U_M_P 1
    I've had these for about 4 months now. My only real complaint is that they
do not work outside. When outside, the sound comes on and off every couple
seconds or so. This is a problem since I bought them to wear while walking to
and from work everyday. Indoors they work fine. I would not buy them again.
    I REALLY liked theses headphones. Normally I cannot get earbuds to stay in
my ear and I’m always trying to fix them while working out... I DID NOT have to
touch these once during my workout. I also wore these when I went for a walk and
it was very windy out, I didn’t get any sound or “whooshing” noise from the
wind. Very good sound quality!
    Sound quality. Ease of controls. Perfect fit. And they don’t fall out of
ears.
    The only problem I have its that can't be used one at a time. You can only
use the left side unless you leave it out to use the right side which kind of
defeats the purpose of the charging case. But overall a good product.
    I use them daily and they are amazing...
    Stay away if you are looking for anything more than an extra battery. Had to
turn all the way up to hear well...little to no bass. Thought these were the
same as a previously owned pair and was sorely mistaken.
    Well the box looks a little bit old, I am not sure if it is over handling.
The earbuds are good and easy to use
    I heard about the headphones from my friends. He told me these headphone
have good quality, so I bought this product. I use these headphones for
listening music. The sound quality is very good. These headphones help me sleep
well.
    I love the sound and the easy charging box that comes with it .
    Awesome earbuds.
    I've had 3 of these and each one of them has a tendency to lose sound in one
bud over time. They're great earbuds with a really long battery life, but if
your phone doesn't have a sound equalizer for left and right channels, you may
find it extremely annoying if the balance is off.
    I love these headphones.  The battery lasts for about 2 to 3 hours before
needing a charge, charges up pretty quick, has good connectivity, and the sound
quality is pretty solid!The only con I can think of is that the shape of the
buds can start to hurt your ears after prolonged use.
    These sounded great right out of the box.
    These earbuds work great! I had a small problem with one and the customer
service team sent me out a new pair quickly. The new pair is working perfectly.
    Alright as long as you don’t move.  Good for sitting at a desk.
    I use it primarily when I am riding my bike to/from work.  Easy access to
answer calls and move forward from song to song.  Received a call while riding
and it clear both ways.  So far so good.  I would review English instructions as
it seems it was not written by a native speaker.
    These are by far the best wireless earbuds on amazon currently. Everything
about it is amazing, unfortunately the sound quality isn't as good as I wanted,
but it isn't nothing that can't be fixed with a bit of tweaking on your phone.
Overall, it's a great product.
    Worked great at first and then one side stopped working. Troubleshooted with
an agent and it still didn't work. Had to return it.
    .....how to used earphones independently ...the rigth one???? i can only
used the left one :(
    Haven't had this product over 6 months and one of the ear buds has stopped
working.  Really disappointed with these earbuds.
    The earbuds are only good for a few weeks and then start acting strange.
Sometimes there is a static when talking on the phone. This is my second pair,
and it still does have the same problem. Some other times, the right earbud
doesn’t work.I have somewhat lost faith in the wireless headphones as well as
earbuds. I am going back to the wires...
    I got these over the other ones that had 4.5 stars because on these you can
charge your phone on the case. These are some great headphones, the only
complaint is that at first the headphones feel uncomfortable in your ear but you
get used to it. These headphones are great for their price.
    You get what you pay for.
    comfortable  clealy  fashion easy to assemblehandsfree.
    Changed my review. At first they weren’t functioning properly and the sound
kept glitching out and cutting off but I’m guessing it’s because I didn’t let
them charge first before using them upon opening. Once charged they started to
work without any issue. The seller reached out and were very helpful.
    First off all i can say this headphone is great, before that i got differen
brand bluetooth headphone but they did not work well, now it has great sound
quality and so practical , and look so classy 10/10 i can give for this
headphone , and last one price is adorable
    It’s very easy to control n use, sound very clean clear and I love the
charger love it, very helpful and handy, and the price is very economical, very
happy
    I just had to submit this review, as I washed one of the buds by accident. I
didn't realize it until it fell out of the dryer... miraculously, I put it to
charge, and it worked. I was then able to sync and listen to the music. Great
product, great quality!
    Very comfortable to wear, they sound great, love the case/charger.
    comfortable in the ear
    These fit in my ears really well and have great sound. The price is very
reasonable for wireless earbuds. I think the control to skip, pause, volume etc.
Is pretty innovative and easy to use. I'm very happy with these earbuds and the
quality
    These wireless earbuds are good. It has a great battery life, strong
reliable connect, and good audio quality. The design is simple and easy to use.I
purchased this for music while running, the fit is good even while running.
    This product is wonderful! I use it at work and can wander pretty far away,
not having to mess with a cord and it's great. My only qualm is that they aren't
that hard to knock out of your ear usually. They don't just fall out but a small
nudge can be enough for them to fall out of your ear. Otherwise awesome product!
    I LOVE THESE! Omg I never leave the house without and they are 1/3 of the
price of apple pods. So glad I saved my money and bought these because these
could not be ANY better. I never have to charge the case, the sound is great,
and the fit is comfortable! Obsessed. Save your bucks!!!
    These earbuds are fairly decent quality. It's a little frustrating that I
can't keep one in the case, and only wear one, without it disconnecting
altogether. That aside, I'm disappointed, that after only one month of, not even
rigorous use, the right earbud has stopped working. No damage has been done to
it at all. I've used them a total of 10 times, and they've only been in my ear,
or in the case. :/
    very easy to pair with my tablet, sit very comfortable within my kid's ears,
turns off when not in use which is a good function to have so there is no need
to keep charging the pieces.
    Love them, used them everyday for two months, both to listen to music and
for phone calls.One eventually stopped charging and soon after the other one
too. The company was quick to provide support to try to have them work again.
They eventually sent me another pair which work perfectly.  Great customer
service.
    I use these at the gym and they are great. The touch control is a bit
confusing (for me) and sometimes they connect (or disconnect) when I don’t want
them to. Overall I’m glad I bought them.
    Had them a while now... I've dropped them alot!!! Even fell off a boat into
the river with them in my pocket and they r still working... good buy for the
price!!!
    Pasonomi  TWS-X9 bluetooth wireless headphones are surprising nice.  They
fit in my ear just right and are comfortable.  Quality of sounds is good and
battery life is good.
    My grandson loves them......i have a pair so does my daughter!!!
    Great product! Only small issue I had were the rubber parts that go in your
ear. They were a little too hard for my taste, so i used some older ones i had.
    No wonder they were so easy to find used. There were no instructions in the
box and I have no idea how to pair them. None of the videos are very helpful and
neither are the instructions online, so I can only manage to hear out of one of
the earbuds at a time. They should be simple to pair together and should always
work as a single device. If I don't find a way to make these work together soon,
I'm getting rid of them.
    The speakers are very clear. They fit well in my ears without falling out.
Battery life is good.
    I LOVE this wireless earbuds because they sound great, and are comfortable
in ear, and they give you all the experience you expect from standard Bluetooth
earbuds
    GREAT, exactly as advertised
    It is very good because I’m able to cancel all noise from the outside. Even
if I put it on the lowest volume. It fits perfectly in my ear. It’s easy to
connect and easy to clean.
    Rather disappointed they are uncomfortable bulky and last less then 2 hours
when fully charged.  Would not recommend
    Use them all day to include running. Never fall out and portable battery
charger let me take them everywhere. Instructions a little hard to
read/understand as they are broken English.
    Worked really well for a few weeks but then the left one just stopped
working, not sure if mines just defective or if it’s a problem for the overall
product
    The ear buds are terrible, even when I first got them. The sound quality is
not good, it’s like you have you volume close to the minimum. Even twisting and
turning them won’t do the trick. The only thing good about them is the charging
case. I wish I hadn’t spend my $50 on these busts.
    The worst purchase ever. I couldnt even fund the return feature when i
wanted to send them back.
    Poor battery life,  charger works well. Can't have one charging while
wearing the other
    These babies stay in my ears through runs and burpees! The battery life is
long enough for me, and even when they start running low, they charge super
fast! Love 'em and would definitely recommend them to friends!
    I like how you can increase and reduce the volume directly from the devices
-  dont think the more expensive Apple versions can do this. It's great how it
also auto pairs and connects with the phone as soon as its uncradled.
    Got it as a bday gift and im really pleased.  Good battery life and dont
hurt my ears like other ear buds.  Definately buy again.
    Overall a good pair for a reasonable price. Case they store in is good. Also
has a battery to charge them or a phone which is cool.  They sound clear. Volume
wise they could be a bit louder but that's just me.  For most they'll be fine.
    Magnetic drop in is convenient for charging. Will sync up even when just the
left ear is taken out. Right side doesn’t, but that’s more than I expected
anyway. Perhaps future versions will do that so you can switch off and extend
use by using one ear bud at a time. Buds themselves fit comfortably as well.
    I use it when I running. It massless and never dropped. Also u can easy stop
ur music by just touch the earbuds.
    Gave as s gift, nothing but praise.
    Good Bluetooth setup. Good battery Terrible sound quality. I could every
background noise. I had to go back to over the ear headphones.
    I only get about 2 and 1/2 hours a listening until the battery dies. I
haven't tried using just one of your bud, and then popping the other one in when
the battery starts dying.
    I just ordered these and so far they're awesome! I hope they work forever.
No problems, linked up to bluetooth instantly, sound is great.
    Good earbuds at the fraction of the cost of airpods. One even went through
the wash machine and still worked. It sounds funny but still works.
    Sound quality is very good, the fit is amazing and pairing to phone was very
easy
    My first set wouldn’t connect at the same time no matter what I did had to
return them and get a new pair. My second pair were amazing nothing wrong at
all. Until the little screen in the earbud fell through besides that great
earphone for the price.
    Great product at such an affordable price. I love that the case is also for
recharging. The battery lasts about 6 hours and they’re comfortable to wear. I
would definitely buy these again and recommend to others.
    These earbuds worked great for about 2 months... great sound, stayed in ears
during exercise, then the left one stopped working... it connects but I can
barely hear anything out of it, just a whisper. So I basically can only use the
right one.
    They fit like a dream and usually in ear headphones do not fit my ears well.
The volume is great very loud no issues with cancelling out nearby sounds for
better listening. The only downside was I wish there was a little more bass. For
the price though they are fantastic! Still on my first charge 3 days later!
    I bought this as a gift to my bf but when he uses them all I hear are
background noises. It’s very difficult to hear him speak. I wish I was able to
return them.  I wouldn’t recommend to anyone. Bad quality.
    Best place to buy from. Works great
    I’ve had these for 6 months and the sound is already shot. Pansonomi, Id be
willing to give them another shot if you send me a new pair. I use these maybe
once a week for running and they’ve never gotten wet.. disappointing they didn’t
even make it a year.
    These wireless buds were a great deal. Good sound and awesome battery life.
The price was awesome. Unfortunately, they became unpaired and I haven't been
able to resync them. It's unfortunate. Also, when I charge then case the LED
lights no longer light up properly. Maybe, I just got a bad set up. However,
these were awesome while it lasted.
    Batter life is not good. I am only able to use for about 2 hours prior to
having to recharge. Also the sound is  not the best. I think I might try other
brands.
    It keeps disconnecting from my iPhone and connects again and disconnects
again and keeps doing it every time I play any type of audio.But it did work on
my computer and the sound was good, and they stay in fairly well.
    These are the real deal . The price to quality ratio is unreal!!! I love
these I even use them in the shower!!!
    These are very good earbuds and at a very reasonable price!
    Connectability using android devices.
    I recommend this product sound and everything perfect. I've been using it
since I brought it.  It works perfect fit perfect and waterproof. Love it
    So I have been wanting wireless Earbuds for a long time and let me tell you
that these do not disappoint. They charge quickly. Are super easy to pair with
your devices and the addition of having a charging case for other products that
use a usb at the same time is amazing. 5 out of 5. If you want an amazing
product here they are look no further!
    I like it because it's a 3 in one idea. You can listen to music, answer the
phone and also can charge the phone. Cool product, I really enjoy it.
    I expected more for the price I paid. When it's working, it's wonderful. But
there will be stints where it constantly disconnects and jumps. Really kills the
mood.
    The right earbud stopped charging after 6 months. I used them for running
but was extremely disappointed that the product didn’t last. It would be great
if they sent me a new pair. Hopefully I would get another 6 months out of them.
    After about 2 months, the earbugs battery started to go bad. It lasted only
1.5 hrs following a full charge.  The connectivity is an issue as well.  The
sound cuts off when i just turn my heads. There is no noise cancelling at all.
Very disappointed.
    Cheap and effective.  Great quality for the price.
    3 stars. They're good, they're loud, and the battery lasts. Calls are
perfect and they're very simple to use. They've got but just one BIG defect. The
buds are waaaay to small, they barely cancel out everything outside. I had to
replace them with another earbuds that I had from another Bluetooth device. For
that, I give it 3 stars.
    Great headphones, stay in place in your ear and have good sound. Comfortable
to wear. Battery lasts long. Convenient carrying case as well.
    I received in less 18 hrs. Pretty impressed with the product overall. I was
worried about them staying in my ears compared to other air pods I’ve used. I
was mountain biking and jumping on the trampoline all day with them on. Never
came loose once. Definitely worth it for the price.
    This is the first pair of wireless earbuds that I’ve purchased and I will
buy another pair for my son. Good sound and easy to operate.
    I use these for whenever I’m working on a project requiring physical labor
or at the gym. So far, I’m very pleased!
    Most of the time only one earbud actually connects. Then I have to delete
the air buds from my Bluetooth and re-add them. I have to do that every single
time I want to use them. When I’m listening to them sometimes one earbud or the
other will glitch in and out.
    Terrible. Just terrible. Poor battery, bad connection. Less than a year
later they refuse to connect to ANY device. Absolute rip off, and shouldn't
really be allowed to be sold. Pathetic.
    This is my first time ever using wireless headphones. Amazing while working
out and using the sauna. I was supersized on how well it gripped my ears and
didn’t fall out. Overall very satisfied with it.
    They work great as long as I'm indoors. As soon as I step outside for some
reason though, they cut in and out constantly to the point where I just have to
stop using them.The noise cancellation is pretty nice, but when I'm using them
at work (which is usually very noisy), it kind of defeats the purpose when I
have to take them out every 3 hours to charge them.
    Ear buds last a long time as well as the charging case
    Another good product that falls short of the goal. Please rework the
products low end and you will have a winner.
    After 7 months of light use, the right ear bud no longer works.
    Sound quality is great, material texture is very good, easy to carry, I like
it! It's worth buying!
    As soon as I paired these to my phone Spotify opened and ran in the
background without me doing anything. Even after force closing the app it
restarted anyway. These earbuds have shady software in them. Do not buy. If you
ask but for some reason, be aware that they don't work unless they are connected
to each other AND your phone. Trying to use just one doesn't work.
    So far so good. I am still experimenting with the ear plugs to see which are
the best fit for my ears. I talked to the manufacturer and they sent me
additional sizes.  I’m very happy with the quality of these ear pieces.
    Unfortunately I lost the left one while gardening, so I'll have to re-order,
    Amazing, worth the money just make sure not to loose em.
    These are amazing. I thought the price point being low they would.be low
quality but they are my favorite and very user friendly. I have a s9 plus and
paired these quick and painlessly. I highly suggest these earbuds.
    I liked that the earbuds fit in my ears. The sound quality is great. I hate
the music they play in the gym so these work great.  When I’m working out they
stay in without me having to constantly adjusting them.
    Awesome earbuds with great design and comfort also it's a very stylish
looking earbuds, I used it almost everyday with my workout at gym. It's a must
buy would highly recommended.
    Every time I make a phone call the earbuds get disconnected and connected
over and over again not letting me talk on the phone so I have to turn them off
all the time. So they're useless to use them for phone calls.
    These headphones are simply amazing. Great noise cancellation and sound
quality. Wonderful during a call, little to no background noise on the receiving
end. Fantastic quality for the price. 10/10 would recommend.
    when I place them in the charging case the power turns on/off by itself. it
continuously connects to my phone all the time. when i try to use it the battery
is always low.
    The sound is not bad but could have more bass. They fit great and don’t move
when working out or running. I have been running less than 90 min these days and
had any issue with the battery life.The problem is that the right earbud keeps
disconnecting. I don’t know why but after 20-30 minutes it gets better. If it
wasn’t because of that, I was happy enough with them.
    Bought these for my boyfriend and he absolutely loved them! He was so
excited to find out they also double as a portable charger for his phone and
that he can answer phone calls with just a tap to the left earbud! Would
definitely recommend these! I personally loved the price!
    This is my favorite model so far,I like use to listen music at gym.
    I have been using these to watch Amazon shows- I love how I can hear a lot
of the details in the show that you would normally miss.  The sound quality is
great.  These fit perfectly in my ears.  I also moved away from my Ipad and they
continued to work.
    Had the first set replaced because one side did not work.  The replacement
would not work.  I gave up.  $50 down the drain.
    Good baterry life. Able to finish my shows. Good sound quality. NOT a good
fit for MY ears, keeps on falling. Would recommend.
    Great for the price.
    only one earbud will work at a time, lid fell off the case soon after
purchase, sound quality and volu,e levels are terrible.
    These are the first wireless headphones that I bought and I am very
impressed. They have great sound quality and a good battery life. I really like
being able to charge them on the go using the battery in the case. Overall, I am
very happy with this purchase and would highly recommend them.
    Was very happy with these for the first 3 weeks I had them. Then just
recently the right one became significantly less loud than the left. You can
barely hear in the right ear in full volume while it’s blasting in the left.Also
make a loud screeching noise every once in a whileDisappointed these only lasted
3 weeks.
    Pretty decent earbuds for the price, used them almost every day for
gym/jogging.However, after 6 months of using... the left side presents a lower
volume. I couldn't find a solution yet.There is no use for them anymore.
    It fits pretty well in my ears and my wife's ears, easy to set up and has
great sound. If you're lifting weights while using them, they're okay, but I
don't recommend them for jogging or running.
    It is easy to charge.and light to carry . I would love to wear it when I am
free to listen music.and good decisions to buy it
    These headphones are extremely comfortable and reliable, easy to charge and
convenient controls. I recommend these earbuds for anyone in the gym or active
and needs a great sounding pair of earbuds. I’m a mail carrier and always on the
go and the fact that they are waterproof is also a great feature.
    These headphones are amazing!! I’ve been looking for a good paid of
headphones to wear to the gym and these are the best! They stay perfectly in my
ears, I don’t have to worry about carrying my phone everywhere with me, and the
sound quality is awesome! I bought a second pair for my boyfriend because I
liked them so much!
    If you are purchasing to use while running or working out, these are for
you. Snug fit that stays in place. You can easily focus on your workout and
tunes without distraction from poor fitting earbuds.
    These earbuds were great after the first 10-15 uses and then the right
earbud just went dead and stop working. The left earbud still charges and works.
This was a waste of money, if I knew they would only last for about a month,
then I would never bought them.
    The price is very good and relatively low. I was hesitant, too. But when I
received them, the earpod and charge box works great. The directions are so so.
The box itself is a remote battery charger that actually keeps the Ear plugs
charged when they are in it automatically. Sounds good and battery lasts 6+
hours. This is a very nice product for the money, and I recommend.
    At 1st I loved these because they stayed in my ears really well and I
thought they were loud enough. After 5 months, they’re too quiet to wear to the
gym. Super bummed. Also you cannot talk to people on the phone, music only.
    Wonderful and amazing. Strong reliable connection and good sound quality.
The case provides a extra power for my phone. I bought two of them for me and my
wife and they have not disappointed us. My wife has Iphone and I have android
and the earbuds work fine with both. Great choice.
    I absolutely loved these headphones! The sound quality is great, the bass is
incredibly good, and the battery life exceeded expectations. The charging case
is also a huge benefit. It charges your phone as well as the headphones
wirelessly. I would recommend this product.
    I actually loved the headphones while they worked. Very much worth the
money. I’m jus Rupert because it says they are water resistant, and I ran
through the rain one day and they stopped working. Very disappointed they
stopped working so easily.
    I purchased these after my kids went on and on how great these wireless
earbuds are. I thought the style was attractive and they fit in my ears perfect,
not uncomfortable at all. Even the sound quality was fabulous. They were very
low cost and affordable. I would buy again. Love them tons!
    I wasted my money. I couldn't even try them on. It says they were used but i
didn't expect they came all dirty on the inside of the ear piece.
    had them for 5-6 days now and the left ear piece is slowly getting quieter.
The pairing is a but of a hassle but otherwise there's alot to love about these
for the price. They're waterproof, sound canceling, and decently comfortable.
Good for the money but definitely could be better
    This is a good earbuds. I feel comfortable when I wear it. The sound from it
is clear and good. It can play a long time without charging. It is very easy to
use, just wear it on you ears and then put back to the case. This is conveniet
when I want to listen to music during sports or make a phone call.
    Great Product.A little too sensitive with touch control.However, comfortable
to wear and great sounds.Have not attempted on waterproof function.
    Very comfortable ear piece.  Long battery life and very easy to use.
    The battery does not last very long at all, maybe an hour and a half after a
full charge.
    Sound isnt good, didnt fit my ear well.Not good headphones.Waterproof is the
best feature.
    Es muy grande como para andar en el bolsillo
    All around pretty great, but the right earbud keeps cutting out. Nothing
more frustrating than going for a new personal best on deadlift and then you
automatically only hear half of “Death Will Reign” by Impending Doom.
    Worst money I’ve ever spent. Easy to pair device using Bluetooth, but that’s
about it.Battery Life is about 15 minutesOnce in ear, hard to operate other than
pause/play. By the time a good song begins, I need to recharge. Really
frustrated with them.
    The sound is pretty good but if there is noise in your background they do
not cancel it out very well. The battery life is very good and charging
container holds a charge for days with moderate use. Ear buds can be very
uncomfortable and painful if worn for extended periods of time. They hurt my
ears after about 30 to 45 minutes of continuous wear.
    I love these ear buds. Sturdy, excellent quality, comfortable, and easy to
use. Their customer service is excellent and quick to respond. Thanks for making
such a good product
    My son loves these said they are very much worth the money
    I just received my new ear buds and I’m in love!The fit is perfect and the
sound is excellent!I’m looking forward to many quality moments!
    Original one had absolutely pathetic sound quality. Could barely hear
anything. Seller sent another one which works great.
    Terrible. I’m on my second set of headphones and one of the ear buds is not
working (same issue as the first set) and now it’s too late to get an exchange
or refund.
    If my phone is in my pocket, the signal cuts in and out. Only works if I
hold the phone a few inches from the ear piece.
    For the price these are great. I use them daily, usually with only one bud
in, for about 8 hours a day. I only have to recharge them once throughout the
day and they charge pretty quick. Sound is decent enough. They fit snug in my
ear, I sweat a lot and they hold up.
    These are fairly decent. The charging case is a nice benefit. The headphones
sound crisp and clear with a good amount of base but not base intensive. They're
were fairly easy to connect. And they don't sound cheap.
    I love these but sometimes when I use only one of the headphones, the
Bluetooth seems to have difficulty. Small cutting in/out of sound. But overall I
love the sound quality and and the battery lasts me most of the week !
    This is a great product. I'm normally using my headphones with the cords so
switching was not easy. They came package very neat and lightweight. Fits
comfortable in my ears, the calls were heard very clear. I enjoyed listening to
my music with no background noise interrupting. Great product.
    These headphones were definitely one of my better purchases. I bought them
for work/gym, and usually keep one earphone in til it dies (about 4.5 hours),
then swap it out for the other. the sound quality is great, nice bass. Easy to
connect, solid bluetooth range.  No complaints at all. Absolutely recommend over
those whack airpods
    These things are pretty rad. They last roughly 3 hours on one charge then it
only takes it about 1 hour to recharge. Sound is good, volume is good. I’m happy
that I can listen to my music every where without wires holding me back...
    Sound is very good, not the best but for the price it does the job and then
some. Fit is good, at times I actually forget they're there and in contrast with
their size, that's saying something. I appreciate the case/charger and its
capabilities, overall awesome piece to cop, thumbs up from me.
    These earbuds were designed with convenience in mind.  I used these at the
gym and it's really nice not to have a cable hanging from your neck plus the
stick with enough pressure that doesn't hurt your ears.  Recommend.
    love these little buds. easy paring. long battery life!
    I ordered this for my husband for Christmas and he is in love with them! He
says that it was easy to connect to his phone and simple to use. I definitely
recommend these if you are looking for some nice Bluetooth headphones!
    Cheaper than the competition and the sound quality is also slightly below
but they have an amazing customer support if any issues.
    Bought these for my son who is constantly losing or breaking wireless
earbuds. He loves these and keeps the case in his pocket at all times. 3 months
later he is complaining that the battery charge on the case isn’t what it used
to be.
    very worth earphones. Fancy look, easy using, and the charger is useful
    I LOVE these headphones! It's super hard for me to find a pair that has
great sound quality. They fit properly in my ears, and they don't fall out while
I'm running on the treadmill at the gym. Also the battery lasts longer than I
thought it would. I'm going to buy another pair for my wife. GREAT product!
    Very impressed with the product right out of the Box very  Sleek looking.
Sound quality is excellent and definitely cancels out any sound around you.
Perfect for workouts . As a long lasting charge and also it is great to be able
to power your phone as well. Very happy with my purchase
    I absolutely love these earbuds I bought a pair for myself and for my
husband. When we are in the gym we hear nothing but our music and absolutely
love it
    These things are awesome! I’ve tried so many different sets from Amazon and
these came out on top. You would never know these were $200 ear buds. Highly
recommend.
    Love how easy they were to pair to my device. the battery life is great on
these! good for running and exercising. Comfortable in the ears and have a bunch
of different sizes to adjust to your liking. overall great headphones and
awesome alternatives for a great price!!
    Have to charge often
    I’ve had these for 6-months no problem had bought them before they lasted a
whole year then I ended up putting them through the washing machines they are
not waterproof but if you don’t want to spend a butt load of money head phones
these are the one
    headphone had issues with connecting, only one ear piece have audio, and
when it finally does connect and work this device will literally... disconnect
itself. Don’t recommend anyone buying into the hype of this device.
    Bought for husband for his workHe uses them every day
    Worked great for 3 months, but then the sound on left earphone went bad. And
2 days after, the left earphone would not pair. The right still worked
independently, but if i put on left side, then the right side would unpair.
Quality is no good.
    Very Good！light and pratical. It is useful. Easy to carry. I use it to
connect IPhone 7. Good sound quality.
    These ear buds are quite amazing for the price. If you are looking for good
quality  ear buds, give these  a try. You can't go wrong for the price. I love
these!!
    I honestly love these earbuds. they’re more comfortable than I thought, the
battery lasts for longer than I thought, and the bluetooth pairing is quick and
easy. now I just need to see them continue to work over the next few months and
i’ll be really impressed!
    Replacement for another brand that hubby lost.  Great quality.  Cancels out
outside noise well
    Quality airbuds with uncompromising material really makes this product to be
stand out. Sound quality is satisfying.
    Use them when I ride my motorcycle
    I bought these off of a recommendation from a friend. In the beginning they
were great and I also recommended them to several other friends who also
purchased them. A couple weeks ago the right bud sound faded to almost
nonexistent and the left followed about a week later. They are now totally
useless. Now I'm feeling sorry that I recommended them so highly to my friends.
    This product is perfect it does exactly what I need it too. I bought them
for the gym they dont fall out, the definitly reduce the noise I hear, and the
battery us amazing!
    Try many earbuds, this one is not too big, just fit my ears. Nice sounds and
battery life. I recommend.
    I use them every day at work, they are very comfortable and easy to use. The
charging station fits in my pocket so I can take them out and store them quickly
and easily. I love that they are always charging when I am not wearing them. The
sound is great. Love, love, love them! Would definitely recommend them to
anyone.
    No complaints so far! Love the charging case! Make sure you put on correct
rubber ear piece to hold securely in ear
    Simple to use and a nice size profile. Fits in ears good and comes with lots
of extra ear pieces for a custom fit. Sound could be better but i did notice
that bass amount is affected by how you have them in your ear.
    WOW!  These are finally what I was looking for. I walk/jog for excercise and
have been searching for the right ones. I especially like the case and the way
they charge thru the case.  The fit and sound quality are great!
    The battery usually lasts me about 3 hours which is the main down side
because I used them at work so I have to charge them every 3 hours or so but
they work great sound quality is okay probably not the best but great for
everyday use
    Connecting to my devices was super easy, they are comfortable and put out a
lot of sound.
    I bought these earbuds, hoping to use them while commuting and jogging. they
failed even at first - as couldnt stay in my ear, and when i put them deeper
(which is hurt!), they would fall off in 10 minutes anyways.yesterday i almost
lost it in a subway.not to mention the sound is not the best, but OK for
earbuds.very disappointed with the purchase
    My son uses it to listen to music
    Awesome headphones! Better than I expected. Be sure to read directions
before use. Not all that great for talking on the phone but other than that they
are awesome
    I really like these earbuds, they do everything I need them to do. In some
cases even more. The sound quality is very clear and enjoyable to listen. The
overall style of the earbuds look good in the ears. I have no complains and
suggest them if you are looking to buy Bluetooth earbuds.
    I really liked these when I got them.  Very comfy,  good battery life, had
some connection problems, but I use an elliptical to work out, so it wasn't a
big deal.  Then at about 3 months in, they stopped charging and connecting
properly.  Only one side would connect.  Seems to be a common issue with
wireless earbuds. . .
    Great for watching or listening to something on your phone but not good
enough quality for talking, hard for the other person to hear/understand you.
Can slip out as well and you have to be careful how you touch the ear buds once
in
    I sold my air pods because they don’t fit in my ears and these were the
perfect transition. Multiple tips you can switch for different ear sizes is so
helpful. The sound quality is very comparable to the pods as well, just
excellent. For the price you can’t find better wireless headphones.
    Don't buy these headphones. They would turn on by themselves while still in
the case and then the case and headphones broke after 3 months of use. Not
recommended, I've had several pairs of wireless earbuds and these are the worst
I've owned.
    I really like this product! The recharging case is cool and I like how the
earbuds are magnetically attached! So you know it’s connected! Overall very
pleased!
    My son said they are great, and just what he needed!
    These don’t fit my ears right plus if you touched them incorrectly they shut
off. The keep falling out of my ears. Not as loud as I hoped
    So far they are working great! Great noise quality and fit well in my ears.
    I bought these earbuds 2 months ago. They had light usage, only being used
4-5 times per week when I worked out. Initially they worked great, good sound,
easy to use. Then 2 weeks ago the right earbud stopped working completely. I
tried everything it said in the user manual and online to do. Nothing worked.
Now I have a very expensive single earbud. Workmanship and qualitybon this
product  is poor.
    These earbuds are great for long trips and everyday use. They are durable
and water resistant which is nice because my last earbuds broke from water. The
two downsides are that they don’t cancel noise very well and some bass is
filtered out
    Tried all the different tips but could not get good isolation of outside
noise.  Product seems to be of good quality and the sound is adequate.  It wont
work when riding a motorcycle.
    The people on the other end of the phone could not understand what I was
saying. They kept saying that I sounded muffled. This was a significant
disappointment as I need to communicate for business purposes and certainly
can't settle for this type of quality.
    Don't get this product! After 5 months of use (very lite use at that) the
right ear bud has stopped working. It still connects through bluetooth but no
sound comes out. They were great when they did work, but for the cost these
absolutely should be still functioning at 5 months. I wouldn't waste your time
by getting these.
    The sound quality is sufficient,Had no problems syncing up with my S9. My
son thinks it's perfectly ok to listen music or watch movies.
    Use them at the gym and they work great so far.
    I was hesitant to buy these because the price point is low for this type of
product, but I am glad to buy these and recommend earphones because great
quality, easy pairing, and they work independently and together quite well.
Battery lasts 6+ hours.
    OMG sound and bass amazing ! easy to pair . I cant believe this earphone so
good . Love the prices and this product
    These earbuds were pretty good when they worked properly but that was short-
lived. The charging case will no longer charge the left earbud. The earbud only
blinks on briefly before shutting off. Stay away from this product unless you
like using only one earbud.
    My son likes them.
    Very non reliable. Disconnect mid conversation or after a few minuets of
silence. Don't waste your money on this garbage and I'm saying garbage to keep
from cussing. Would've thrown them out on the interstate but didn't want to get
ticketed for littering.
    Difficult to hear during phone conversation
    Worked great for two weeks, then volume seemed to cut in half. While using
for phone calls, I could not be heard, nor could I hear who I was speaking with.
Support gave me instructions to reset. This helped for another week or so, then
back to the same sub quality volume. Resetting earphones no longer help resolve
the problem, and the return window has closed. I would not recommend.
    Other than the Bluetooth being too grabby (  probably a great thing for
people that don’t know what they’re doing )...  and the case been a little
tricky to open ( I need better nails) ...  A great device, especially for the
price
    It was very easy to set up and use. Charged very quick. They last a long
time!
    Great ear pods highly recommend
    I’m honestly quite amazed with these headphones. From the amazing value of
the price, to the actual quality! They’re incredibly comfortable and sit snug in
my ear. They were very easy to set up, and the sound is the best I’ve
experienced!
    Left earbud did not work correctly right out of the box. Took about 30
minutes of troubleshooting to get them to work at all (after charging and manual
reset). Flimsy silicon ear tips did not seal at all. Worst base performance of a
half dozen earbuds I’ve tried. Not happy at all and will return.
    Works very well. The sound is very good.
    Bought these on January 9, now 1earbud will not charge.  Waste of 51.00
bucks.
    My first pair worked great for about 3 weeks. Then only the right channel
then neither side. The company replaced them about 6 weeks ago and this pair is
working well.
    it was a little tricky to get the paired to each other but once connected
they work great!  Connects with my iPad every time!  Comfortable and easy to
wear with a nice, snug fit.  Good sound quality.  Nice little case that doubles
as a phone charger.  You can't beat the $50 price tag.
    Best quality good product good song it's a  Perfect  Bluetooth wireless
headphones  I recommend in this headphone is the great And the good price good
battery charging twice in charge my phone twice
    Great earbuds I just using them all day!!Feels good in the ear, The material
feels like  a nice quality.I’m very satisfied also with the price..
    They're fine, if you want them for running, you'll have to go get those
little ear inserts that go on along with the rubber ear tips to keep it anchored
in your ear. But then it won't fit the charging case.
    I have 2 pair. One for me and one for my wife. We both love them! I had a
small issue with one pair and the customer service Dept promptly took care of
it. Great product with great customer service to back it up!
    Excellent product for such a great price, and their customer service is top
notch. I had an issue with my initial pair, so I reached out to their support
team and they sent me a new set without any trouble at all. Will absolutely
recommend to others - already have for some of my coworkers!
    It can receive the atmosphere is far away, the sound quality is clear and
smooth without murmur. It's easy to carry.
    Very well presented! The micro works perfect and the quality sound is all
wright ir you bought them to attend calls. I would not recommend them  to hear
músic..
    This product came fast and furious!  My teenage daughter claimed them right
away and stated that they are the best she’s ever used!
    These are very good quality ear buds. Packaging is great. Pairing with my
phone and iPad was super easy. Charging is super easy. Not sure about the
battery life yet because i just received them a few days ago. But the sound
quality is excellent as well.
    Great product! Just as described.
    This an updated review at first I thought the sound was terrible and no bass
but I would like to say you can’t beat these for the money. They do have great
sound and bass you just need to make sure you have the correct ear tips it makes
all the difference.
    Didn't like the fit or the capacitive touch operation. Bought another brand
by another manufacturer within a week. I kept these for work, but expect to
throw them out, because the headphones are uncomfortable.
    They work well for me when I do  spin or free weights.
    No problems.
    I'm using the wireless earplugs for music and making calls. It’s really
convenient and the quality is very good! I like it very much!
    These earbuds arrived quickly and came charged! They even have their own
charging box. Unfortunately, the small part that goes inside the ear bothered my
eardrum. And the larger part that sits in the outer ear was too bulky. They gave
me a headache after a few minutes. While I wanted to love them, I can't
recommend them.
    Man this product it’s amazing!!! The sound quality, the way it looks and how
it fits your ear. Music sounds perfect. The instructions are alright, you can
read it and understand it. The price it’s worthy for what u going to get. Can’t
say more, this thing it’s really good!!!
    Overall this product is good and at a good price. Very easy to install and
very easy and convenient to use.The only thing that bothers me is that on some
phone calls the earphone disconnected from time to time for 1-2 seconds, which
is really problematic on phone calls.
    Great battery, great sound, great stability. Love that it's semi-compact and
not to large for it having a battery capacity for re-charge.
    The sound quality is just okay and from time to time I find the earbuds
don't play at the same volume.Further, the filters on each of them are super
flimsy and I even had one fall off...Overall, this product is just fine but you
can't beat the price.
    I use this product while in the gym doing body building style workouts and
cardio.  I like that they don't fall out while running.
    Bought a set for a gift, and after testing them out I ordered myself a set.
Great price for Bluetooth headset.
    Syncing the first time was no issue. I sometimes have an issue with them
connecting when I first take them out of the case but I find if they don’t
correct themselves right away, I can just put them back in the case and take
them out again which solves the problem.
    The sound
    Just got these in today and was excited to test them out. They paired very
easily, and so far I'm impressed. The sound quality is good but not great, but
keep in mind, the price. So far no cutting out as other brands do. Good buy.
    These are the best bluetooth headphones I ever bought. These are my second
pair. The others still work fine. I listen to audio books all day and don't have
to switch out to another pair at the end of the day.
    I thought I would save money on this highly rated product. I tried them for
a number of days paired with my iPhone and discovered I was wrong. The sound i#
tinny, with virtually no base. They fell out of my ears during workouts. The
battery life was short. I reverted to Apple AirPods which I am now convinced is
worth the money.
    So far so good! The earbuds paired up with my iPhone instantly and are easy
to charge in their case. The sound quality is great. I’ve only used them a few
times but I’m happy with them so far and there is info in the packaging about
contacting their customer service if any problems arise.
    I ordered this product and unfortunately, the left earbud didn't work. I
then got a replacement set and the right earbud didn't work. In the 3 days that
I had either earbud, while on the phone, it started having a solid sound of
static. Both sets failed me
    This product was easy to set up and pair.  No Problems.  I gave the Noise
cancellation only 4 stars because, when using these, I was walking and needed to
hear any traffic.  Otherwise they are easy to use and sound is very good.
    Unclear and talking very bad no one can hear when you talk.
    Great item!
    Works great battery last about four hours but the recharging case last like
4 days without needing to recharge . They fit a little big on the ears wish they
were a tad smaller
    First pair of wireless headphones and so far I love them! The company has
been great too, I saw the price drop the day after ordering them so I messaged
the company and the next day they already processed the refund of the
difference!
    They sound great! They also fit well and are very comfortable. I love the
case they come with...in all I am very satisfied with my purchase.
    Fast delivery. Very easy to use and the sound quality is actually quite good
compare with the a** one.
    Awesome product for the price
    My roommate recommended me on buying this earbuds and they are better than I
expected!
    Not very loud. Weak sound for the price. Do not recommend.
    So i bought these headphone back in march and its now December and one of
them is starting to go out. The sound is muffled in one, the battery life is
great but i wish it would of lasted at least a full year.
    Just tried these new earbuds.  The reviews are right... they are great.
Great sound, almost cancels out all noise, lightweight, and fit in my ears
perfectly (female), and best of all they don't fall out when i run.
    they are weather resistant/sweat resistance, I have been using them for
running and did not had any issues with them falling out of the ear.  Headset
case have a big battery capacity so you don't have to charge it everyday
    After a couple weeks it started losing bluetooth connection randomly.  Cuts
in and out.
    Too sensitive kept kept hanging up calls
    Couldn't even get the things to turn on. Tried resetting, manually doing it
nothing works. Instructions are very unclear since it is in terrible broken
English. On top of that there is no phone number to contact any support only an
email or going through Facebook. In 2019 that's astoundingly stupid. Avoid this
piece of crap at all costs.
    They worked wonders during testing for canceling the sound out from other
students.
    Never had a pair of wireless headphones before, but this seems to be great.
Paired easily, fits comfortably, and lasts long.
    Good battery life!
    Good product. Has magnet inside case when charging, so easy to place them.
Easy to pair. Only downside ZERO base.
    Terrific purchase
    This headset is the best sound quality I've ever used. It works well. It
lasts for a long time. It's very satisfying.
    I bought these as a gift for my boyfriend. They work great. The only bad
thing I would say is the charger that came with it had wires coming out of it.
Picture is attached to show what I'm talking about. Other than that they are
great headphones.
    Excellent sound...good battery life also... Would buy again!!!
    I love these! Great sound! Came with it's own drawstring bag, extra tips,
etc. Bery well constructed and perfect for the shower since they are waterproof!
    I love the style and comfort of the ear pieces. The only downside, they
don’t stay charged for long. I have an iPhone and use them to listen to
music/movies while working. They last for about 3 hours before I have to put
them back in the case to charge
    They don’t work! Period. Don’t buy. In what world would someone want to re-
sync your ear buds every time you use them? And the syncing them is overly
complicated on top of that. Waste of money!
    This product stopped working immediately after my return deadline was
expired. I was only able to use this product for less than 3 months. Very
disappointed!
    Good affordable option for bluetooth earbuds. Sound is good and the battery
lasts forever. I use them for about 6 hours a day at work and the battery pack
case lasted about a month on a full charge at that level of usage.
    Great head phones but last around 4 hours max!
    I love the overall fit of my TWS-X9. I enjoy how they stay snuggly fit in my
ears while I workout and enjoy how the noise cancelling feature drowns out the
music from the gym that I do not like.
    I liked the earbuds so well, I decided to purchase a second pair.  While I’m
using one pair the other is charging in its own case.I can get several charges
before I have to recharge the case.
    very nice product i like the customer service
    Love these!! Sound amazing! Battery life amazing! Comfort amazing!!
    The sound has zero depth to it, sounds empty and weak. Buds didn’t pair
together the first few times I attempted to use them. These are weak and cheap,
go for something else.
    Very good Bluetooth with clear sound and connection. Long lasting battery
with a charging case. Never need to worry it would out of power. Highly
recommended.
    I have always hated earbuds because they hurt my ears but these are awesome.
I don’t even know they are there they are so comfortable. The sound is amazing
and the setup was so easy. I really like that you just have to touch the earbud
to get it to pause. Will be buying more of these for my boys birthdays.
    I like to listen to sound machine app while reading books. These do cut out
a lot. Also, the case is kinda bulky.
    Great headphones. No issues. Sound great.
    I have had these earbuds for several weeks and have not been able to use
them!  Half the time they won't turn on and when they do they never have more
than a 20% battery life even though they have been on the charger for 12 hours.
Don't waste your money!
    These are great for music but horrible for talking on the phone with. Kind
of big too for my ears.
    So excited to receive these headphones as I am a mom of 3 young children,
and really need to keep my hands free! I was able to get so much house work
accomplished with these. The sound quality was amazing and super comfortable
    these earbuds are maybe worth 15-20$ max not worth this money for the
quality of the sound + it loses connectivity frequantly and one earbud sometimes
has lower sound or no sound at all I do not recommend this product please dont
waste your money.
    Sound very Clearly ,battery us  much longer ,fit to my  ears .
    This earbuds is pretty.  Qualify  of sounds  is good,the songs are clear. I
do like the box，even is a little big.It’s a really good one for working out!
    The sound is actually really good, yeah it really doesn't have that bass you
are used to in the airpods, however, the sound quality is very good. The
batteries for the case are borderline infinite, super easy to set up and they
are ultra comfortable.
    I received one pair, that lasted about 2 weeks before one of the earbuds
stopped connecting to the case, which prevented them from charging and would
sync to my phone randomly. They thankfully sent me another pair, which lasted me
a few months before they had the same problem. They're decent headphones when
they're new, but really aren't made to last.
    Not loud
    These things have a very short battery life and they constantly disconnect
from my phone.
    This is my first wireless ear bud. Sound quality is good. It has Amazon
choice tag, gain confidence. Case has highest battery charging support for two
or three days.
    The Bluetooth earbuds are ok, but I will not buy them again. I wanted these
because of noise cancellation, due to me driving a lot. It picks up every sound,
even with the windows rolled up.
    The setup instructions were clear and they worked right away.
    Great product sound quality is good battery life is great arrived in 2 days
    I like the way it fit in my ear. The sound quality is very good. battery
life is 3-4 hrs talk time. overall is very good product .i will definitely
recommend this product.
    Very fast on response when I had a issue. Very helpful on the fix. I use
these for music and tv on my ipad
    These are great headphones for the price. The battery pack lasted me for
about two weeks right out of the box, which was a pleasant surprise... and the
sound is excellent. I'd like a little more noise canceling, but it's actually
pretty darn good for under $100.
    Very happy with these new headphones that my husband got me. Battery life is
great. I can wear them where I workout and they don't fall out at all. I don't
have to deal with a cord getting in my way anymore or losing pieces that easily
fall off. Very happy with this purchase!
    I love that these have a portable charging case and pair SO easily every
time I use them. They are the perfect size, have a long lasting battery, and fit
my ears perfectly!
    The left side hasn’t been working and it’s so low it might as well be
broken. I have tried looking for customer service to speak about this issue and
see if there’s something the company can do about it but I haven’t found
anything.
    I’m an auto technician and like music. Now I can listen to what I like
instead of what the shop decides to play!!!! Instructions a little difficult but
managed. Great bang for the buck...
    Super fast delivery, excellent product so far. They fit perfectly in my ears
and the sound is crystal clear. I’m excited to go running with these knowing
that they won’t fall out.
    It would work great if it didn't keep cutting out every time you move. If
like to sit still listen to music this is for you. If you like to move around
and exercise with your music this isn't for you. Every time when I just walk it
cuts out every few seconds. NOT WORTHH THE MONEYYYYYYY!!!!!  DONT BUY!!!
    I bought these for my husband for while he is at work. He loves them! He
wears one at a time usually and said it is perfect for listening to music while
working and is also able to answer his work calls! This is a great product and
for that price, you can't beat it!
    Using primarily for music, but works good for phone calls too.
    I was disappointed in the range these ear buds provide.  I have another pair
of wireless headphones which where only $20 that have a much better range.  I've
only used them three times and they are already breaking at the seams so I plan
to return them.
    had issues with the 1st pair, but they promptly sent me a replacement which
is working great! They fit nicely, charge well and sound is excellent. I like
the profile too which hides them vs the airpods which stick out and look ugly
and pretentious.
    Not for all ear types, but they fit well for me.
    These earbuds are great, they even come with a charging bank for your phone.
They paired great with my Google pixel xl, and sound quality is great. I highly
recommend these for the price, would make a great gift.
    I really like the size of these earbuds they fit well and don't easily fall
out. Be sure to read the instructions so you know how to operate the volume
controls. The earbuds volume is independent from connected devises.
    I use these at work, a very noisy environment, but I can hear them and I can
only wear one ear bud at a time. I love that I never have to think about
charging them also. The fit takes a little getting used to bUT once you have it
down your golden!
    So far so good. No complaints yet. The headphone are working great, easy to
use. If it changes I'll update my review.
    Excellent sound. Easy to use. Don't know if they will stay in my ears while
running because I haven't been able to run.
    I want a wireless headphone for a long time. This one is perfect for me. It
has high quality and can work for a long time. Easy to connect!
    No Funcionan Correctamente Como Esperaba, Surgen Detalles cuando los uso,
Les Di suficiente tiempo  para que funcionarán y No Me Convencieron
correctamente. No Los Devolví Por Darle La Oportunidad .
    They sound great and connect to my phone and my laptop. Work great for
running and working out. Touchpad on the side of the headphones works great for
pausing/playing music, answering calls, and getting a hold of siri. Great
product!
    This was my second pair of Bluetooth headphones. At first they worked fine
and paired very well, however every time I went near a TV the signal appeared to
interfere with the headphones and the sound constantly cut in and out. This
became unbearable and I realized I could not use them anymore, which was a shame
because otherwise they seemed to work well.
    Mic seems to have some issue. Touch control is too sensitive, I got
disconnected from the call while adjusting the bud. I like the case and charging
bank though
    This product was not good at all after 2 weeks the sound got lower and lower
could not hear the music barely at all I would not waste my money for an extra
$10 you can get a name brand
    Work great and very durable.
    The battery life is proven to be excellent. From a practical perspective,
the case is designed to not only be a protective mode of transport for your
earbuds but also provides an excellent way to do a quick recharge on the go. The
design is simple and easy to use.
    I love these earbuds! They fit nicely in the ears, great sound quality, and
long charge. Love the portable charging case they come with. These are so easy
to use and convenient.
    My only issue with these is that I can't listen to just the right earbud. It
will only work if the left is being used as well. At my job I can only have one
earbud in so I always use the left. They are very hardy!
    The quality of these wireless earbuds are amazing.I can work out with these
headphones and they fit snug in my ears with out falling or slipping.I highly
recommended these great price great sound love that I can use it as a charger on
the go.Will be buying them again.
    bought these as a gift, made sure to test them out first, in case I needed
to return them. They work great and the recipient LOVES them! Wonderful sound,
which is what I got them for.
    These ear buds were awesome for running but within 2 months the right ear
bud quit working .
    Lice these ear buds I've had no issues out of them and I've been using them
for 9 hours a day for a while now. Sound is great!
    I really love the earbuds. Very convenient and easy to use, no  issues to
connect  ipad, iphone. Easy to charge them. Great products!
    The right earbud stops working after a few uses. All the reviews on their
actual website states the same thing. They should just sell the left earbud for
half the price!!! Horrible product, don't waste your time.
    Great wireless headphones, great fit, easy to pair with Bluetooth on my
iPhone. Love the case and the bag for the case.
    Buenos, para los que se paga
    I just bought these May 16, 2019 and the right earbud has stopped working  5
days after cutoff to return.  I hate I can't return them for a refund.
    I’m Sure the $200 similar products are better  but you can’t beat the $50
ticket price.
    I love this product. The sound quality is great. They are a comfortable fit
for my ears. And the fact that they are waterproof makes them 10x better. Highly
recommend.
    This product is loud and works great. They fit well in your ears and feel
very comfortable. The case is very nice and works too charge your phone like it
says it does. I think these are a great choice for a nice pair or wireless
headphones.
    I've only got this for a couple of days and already the left/right earbud
pairing keeps crapping out constantly making it really annoying to use. The
sound quality is okay yet not great. The touch commands doesn't do what the
manual said they would do. Overall not satisfied with this buy.
    I recommend this earphone. I write this review after one month of using. The
high quality sound makes my day. And the comfortable fit won’t popping off even
while running. Also they’re nice noise canceling earbuds for sleeping.
    We have purchased two of these and we use them when we run. They sound great
and are easy to use. We had an issue with one pair not syncing with each other
but I emailed the company and they sent us a new pair right away.
    Battery on right earbud won't hold a charge. I am 1 week away from the one
year warranty expiration. I've sent in a request to the company for a
replacement. We'll see what happens.
    I can hear fine out of the right ear but the left ear has completely quit
working. It charges as if it's working but nothing happens, even after resetting
everything and charging for a long time. It's very frustrating because I have
spoken so highly of these earbuds and now I wish I wish I would have just gotten
the Apple kind.
    Better than expected
    DONT LIKE THEM AT ALL, 1. THEY SHARK WHEN IN EARS, 2. THEY DONT WORK WHEN
YOURE ON FACETIME WITH SOMEONE, AND THEY GO DOWN IN EAR TOO FAR
    Super comfortable in the ears, is really cool that the charging case for the
ear buds also charges my phone, and sound quality and volume is amazing! Over
all extremely happy with product and would purchase again for a friend or family
member
    Great product, well worth the price. Light weight, good fit and great sound
quality. Well worth the price.
    The buds felt good as soon as I put them in, but they come with different
sized gaskets so should fit about anyone.  The sound is solid and the case was
almost fully charged when it arrived so was very user friendly.  So far
everything has been easy.
    Bought these for my teenager, but about 3 months in, she said they don't
have the same level of sound in both ears.  Double checked the balance etc.  Now
on the search for a replacement.  Not worth the money...
    I loved the earbuds, the sound and noise cancellation were amazing but the
right one stopped working with 9 months of use. It’s supposed to have a one year
warranty, but getting the seller to take care of it has been  impossible.
    Great earphones
    The earbuds work amazing, and they are really good quality for the price.
Easy to connect to your device I really liked the packaging and the little bag
that comes with the earbuds. They last a very long time and very convenient to
use I recommend these earbuds.
    Ear Buds are awesome. I use them when I workout and they fit in my ears,
stay in snuggly. Although, my ten year old uses them more than I do and she
really thinks the charging case is the coolest. I would recommend these ear buds
without question.
    Did not work for me on my iphone 7.  Other party could not hear me well...
    I had been using wired earbuds to the gym and switching to these has made
things far easier. So far these earbuds have worked with zero problems and the
battery life has suited me perfectly. The case is small and compact, yet still
fashionable. Great product!
    Nothing fit great comfortable.. Easy pairing,Love case.. Overall
excellentbproduct.No,complaints
    Not cheap but I love them,they lasts almost 5 hours before having to be
charged in the charging case!
    I received these earbuds as a graduation present and haven’t stopped using
them since! I wear them daily, the battery life lasts and it holds it’s  place
when I workout. Music quality is great and it doesn’t seem to look massive in my
ear. Highly recommended.
    The product look good but failed after 1 month use. Not worth it. The left
don’t pair with phone anymore
    I was unable to pair the earbuds with my device.  The item may have been
defective, working to obtain replacement through protection plan.
    These were awesome when they were brand new, but now, after about 2 months
of use, I can barely hear sound out of them with the volume all the way up on my
phone.  About a day after having them, the magnetic hold for the left one quit
working.  Like I said, great out of the gate, now I don't even us them and am
looking for another brand.
    I mainly use these when I walk and the sound quality is okay but the sound
cuts in and out like the bluetooth connection is getting lost.  The battery life
only lasts about 3 hours so I have had them run out when I go on long hikes.
    Great quality for the price. I like the pads they are very convenient. I
also like how they connect with Google assistant. I am very pleased with this
purchase
    I had these for 2 months and then they stopped working. Either left or right
will play volume but not both at the same time. Tried to get theses replaced and
had no luck at all. Don't buy these
    Love these wireless earbuds. Great battery life and good quality. The design
is simple and user friendly.
    Great earbuds. Ears did not hurt at all while wearing them. Sound is great.
    These were terrible the volume has just disappeared they show they are
charging when they are not  would not recommend this product wish i had n't
waited to long to get a refund.
    Great form and sound!!!
    These are my first bluetooth headphones I have ever purchased, and I
absolutely love them! They are a nice fit, the range is decent, and the sound
quality is great. My only issues is the battery life, fully charge only last
about 1 hour. Overall, a great purchase!
    Me calzan muy bien en mi oreja por ser pequeña, pero he usado otros con
mejor sonido pero están muy bien en relación a calidad precio los uso a diario
    Right ear sound barely working about 4 months in to the purchase. Sound
quality is workable. But the fact that I can't have this replaced is
dissapointing. Would recommend getting a different brand and add a warrenty if
its cheap.
    Works great
    Bought these on a whim and was totally blown away by the quality of sound
and battery life. Worth it if you don't want to spend a lot on Bluetooth
earbuds.
    I like them. Haven't worn them much...no particular reason. They work fine
for me.
    I’ve really enjoyed these earbuds. The noise cancellation works well because
they allow you to switch out the silicone parts so you can find one that fits
best for your ear shape. What’s most impressive is the battery life. I can go a
week without charging the dock.
    Great sound quality. Light weight, great  fit for my ear and holding pretty
well when I am running. Battery life is not bad, I can rotating use one of them
each time, it goes all day long no problem.
    I like these a earbuds a lot because they fit my ears better than other
earbuds. However, the charging case stopped working after a few weeks and I’ve
yet to hear a response from Pasonomi even though they are still under warranty.
    The ear buds fit my ears very well! They are very loud and excellent sound
quality! I would absolutely buy them again! Very easily set up with Bluetooth
connections and comes with a nice hard case an carry bag!
    Better sound than I thought they would have, very comfortable to wear.
Lightweight and sleek. Liked them more than I expected.
    The things I like about most of this product is the fact that's cordless,
easy to connect and disconnect from phone.The thing I dislike is the fact that
when it's in my pocket one side could lose connection or one side will be louder
than the other.
    These earbuds are tiny, convenient and  perfect for workout!!! I use them
every time when I am in the gym and they never drop when running!
    Great product
    They're great but eventually my right earbud stopped charging completely.
Attempted cleaning charging contacts, etc., and nothing. Dead as a hammer.
    Terrible product...right ear bud stopped working after 6 months...I emailed
the manufacturer and no response...don’t waste your money
    For the most part these worked fine, but now almost 3.5 months later the
right ear bud won’t pair or work anymore. This product was $50 and it worked 3
months - I am out of the return or support window so not a good buy. I don’t
recommend.
    The headphones were easy to pair up and start using with minimal effort.
They have a great look and feel and be easily taken out for a quick break in
working out. I like the carrying case and how the magnetic case keeps the ear
buds tight in the case.
    These ear phones not only have good sound quality, they are also a
comfortable fit; they do not bug you and do not fall out while working out.
    Love these ear buds. They pair effortlessly, the sound quality is very good,
and battery life is close to 4 hours. Highly recommended.
    Wow the sound quality in these are very good. They paired seamlessly to my
pixel XL and stayed in ear while working out. Would definitely recommend.
    These were a lot better than I expected. The sound quality is good with a
decent amount of bass. I enjoy the tap feature on the earbud to skip, pause,
play, etc. My first pair of bluetooth earbuds and would recommend.
    I got very impressed with the battery life of this earbuds, i expect it to
have good sound quality but never expect to have such long battery life,
especially with the price range. Very happy with the purchase.
    Purchased these as a low cost replacement for Jabra headset.  Everyone
complains about background noise when I join calls.  Switching between phone and
laptop is a nightmare.  These would be great as a headset for working out, but
don't fit my need for Skype, Teams, Webex and phone calls.
    I made sure they were charged first. It took a while for them to sync to my
phone. After finally getting that done I found out that only 1 was working.
Still haven’t been able to get the second one to work yet. The sound out of the
one working is good and my husband loves how they fit but they were a little big
for my ears.
    These things are great. I had some slight problems with the buds completely
cutting off and going dead even thought the batter was fully charged, but that
only happened one time. Love these!
    I recently purchased these earbuds and they are Amazing!! I love the quality
and the charging case!! I would gladly purchase these again as a gift for anyone
of my family members!!
    I've been using these for a few hours since I got them today, for the price
tag alone they are worth it. The sound quality is much better than expected,
good bass levels and the earbuds alone don't feel cheap when inside your ear.
Very light weight and can't think of a current reason to rate any less than 5
stars.
    I would not recommend at all to buy this bluetooth headphones. The sound is
poor, no noice cancelling, what is that?. Basically a waste of money. The
connection and the commands to handled the divice does not respond as expected.
    I wanted to say that I've been having a great time with this product and
that They are Well worth The investment. Great sound quality and battery life
have made my working life much happier. Thank you for this product!
    great product
    Sound quality is good. Looks stylish. Easy to carry.
    I bought this as a gift for my niece for Christmas. She absolutely loves it!
My husband needed a pair so I bought them again. He loves them too! Great buy! I
might just buy me a pair too!
    Just like description loud sounds great
    I love these earbuds! I used to have wired headphones and I hated those
because they’d always get in the way when I run but now that I have these, they
always stay secure and never distract me when I exercise! Will definitely refer
to friends!
    I absolutely was blown away by the quality for the price. The sound is
great, they include plenty of inserts of different sizes for a great fit, and
the touch controls are great. Perfect for workouts.
    The quality and sound was really good. The only thing I didn’t like was how
uncomfortable it is compared to Apple earphones which was a big let down for me.
It feels stiff in the ear. But overall it’s decent for the price.
    Just got the item today, had a little paring issue at first but worked out
fine after. Sound quality seems so far so good.
    I was looking for a bluetooth earbud to use during my workout, and
especially wirless one so I don’t have line surround me. This item came as
description works well sound quality is good overall it’s worth the money.
    The decent Bluetooth earbuds was delivered with perfect packing. It is easy
to be connected with laptop and phones. It also has many accessories。
    Long lasting battery.Easy to sync to phone.Clear and excellent quality.Fast
charging.
    They work great and the adjustable ear silicone things are helpful. They
died after a few hours which surprised me. I thought they would last longer.
    The next person I'm  talking to heard the cracking  noise can't  understand
me
    son loves them
    Bought these headphones on May 11 2019 and it is now Jan 10 2020 and one of
the head pieces no longer works and will not charge. Reaching out to the seller
now to see if they will remedy. Will update post if resolved.
    Love! Blocks sounds! Pairs so easily. Tap to pause. Double tap for next. How
easy!! Bought another as a gift.
    This are awesome.
    Like others have stated, they lack bass.  Otherwise a good product and great
battery life.
    I've been more than happy with these ear buds! sound quality, range, battery
life, comfort. it hits all the major selling points! has better range and sound
than other more expensive brands I've had in the past! I recommend these to
everyone i meet!
    So far they are amazing. I have had them maybe two months...I have used them
for some runs, and they work really well. They pair well. I really am thankful
for them...and they were in expensive. I've charged the dock twice, bit it
really didn't even need it. Love them!
    These are amazing. I did have the right earbud go out just a couple of weeks
into using them, but it was a simple switch of product when I requested
replacements. They sent them out right away. These sound amazing and are great
for running
    Sound was weak in the highs, mids, and lows, bit loud enough.. But for non
music critiquing, they seemed convenient enough.. But too expensive for quality
in my opinion.
    Good work
    These are better than my Beats in every way. Sound quality both when
listening to music and when on phone calls is very good. I’m impressed.
    Great sound, but as many others experienced, the right earpiece is
completely intermittent.
    One of the earbuds not working... unable to return I purchased as a gift for
someone out of the country. Disappointed.
    I would give this a higher rating but when I go for a walk outside, the
right earbud sound will go in and out, it is not disconnecting from my
Bluetooth. It is an annoyance.  I have older Bluetooth earbuds that don't do
this. Email the company but no response yet.
    Perfect to workout and not too expensive, the sound quality it’s perfect
    Not the best bass ever, but what do you expect from something so small and
relatively inexpensive.  They are who we thought they are.  They get the job
done.
    These things are amazing. Dropped q in a coolant tank at work. Took my 5 min
to find it completely submerged. Pulled it out hit it with the air hose.
Perfectly fine. Dude i will by 5 more pairs in succession.
    not comfortable
    Great
    Disappointed. Great for watching movies, horrible for phone calls
    My right headphone doesn't put out sound anymore but I can figure out where
to go to do warranty support.  Any ideas?  They were alright otherwise.
    The battery life and sound quality for what you pay is great. The ear buds
feel nice, snug, and comfortable.The battery case lasts a long time and the
added functionality as a power bank is a welcome addition.
    Over all solid for the price. I use them when lifting weights or running and
have had absolutely zero issues. For me they’re very comfortable and stay secure
even during strenuous exercise.The charging hub doubling as a powerpack is great
too.
    I really enjoyed these headphones. When they were in, I couldn’t hear
anything else in the gym (unless my music was paused). It sounds great too. It
does die fast kind of fast, but they also charge fast with a great portable
charger.
    The fit of the bluetooth ear piece is very confortable and the battery life
is outstanding.
    Great earbuds for the price! Convenient and easy to charge and store.
Customer service was great - quick responses and cordial and patient
representative. Happy with the purchase.
    Easy to pair, sound quality is great and the buds are very comfortable.
    Nice
    Great inexpensive option to Bluetooth headphones. Great for working out. I
have not experienced any slippage regards of the conditions or the movement.
    I liked how easily the Bluetooth picks up my iPhone. Comfortable also.
    There was little to no bass, got really buzzy.. otherwise they look really
nice and feel nice
    For working out under 2 hours these are great. Excellent sound quality. Fit
and stay in the ear canal during a work out, great. Only problem I have is the
battery life doesn't last as long as advertised. They say they last 72 hours but
we're only getting 3 hours max out of them. Just wished they lasted longer for
working in the gardens out around the house.
    Absolutely no bass, low volume through other ranges
    Other brands are better does not charge with wireless charge pad.
    These have amazing sound and good battery life, the most important thins
is.the Bluetooth headphone is staying connection. I really love it .
    This headphone is super easy to understand and efficient! The sound quality
is also great! I would recommend this to my gym friends. It’s easy to carry and
it come with the portable battery case. From now on, I don’t have to deal with
wires at the gym anymore.
    Easy to pair with my device (IPhone) * For the price point nice quality and
decent sound.
    I was satisfied in the beginning even though I had issues with the
recharging of one of the earbuds but it was solved. The sound is great for the
price but my right earbuds can't connect with my left one and it's only leaving
me with a beeping sound like it's trying to connect. so now I only have one
functioning earbud.
    The sound is a good 10/10 for me they are comfortable when i wear them they
dont fall of they were easy to pair with my phone i highly recommend these to
anyone looking for wireless headphones
    The sound is so clear and precise. I can’t tell the difference in these and
my more expensive white EarPods!!  Excellent purchase!
    These are good, But you can only use the left one by itself. Can't not use
the right one by itself.
    I really enjoy these headphones. Perfect for my commutes using transit. The
charing  dock holds multiple charges and the headphones do charge quicky; which
makes the battery use time not that big of a deal. Would buy again.
    Worked great for a few months, then couldn't get sound out of right earbud.
Kept following instructions to reset, but repeatedly failed to connect
correctly.  Support not helpful.  Finally gave up
    Earbuds are comfortable for me- as I cannot wear normal pods in my ear -
they rub and hurt.  These feel nice and the distance they transmit is good
enough for my work environment!
    PERFECT
    This is a total scam!!! The earbuds stopped charging after two months. Now I
own a paper weight because they don’t work!!!
    The earbuds had a short in them after 1 week of use and now the right ear is
completely non working. I haven’t had these earbuds for 2 months yet!!!
    These are great except my left earbud stopped working. I haven't even had
them three months.
    I listen to books at work all day with these. Many charges can be done with
the case and the device battery life is awesome. I've gotten these as gifts as
well. I highly recommend.
    I've only used these for about a hour but right off the bat I noticed that
these buds dont have bass to they. I also wished the ear tips fit in a little
better. As for the pro's I like the sensor touch pads on then how they fit in
the canals of my ears.
    It kept unpairing and was not seamless. Returned it.
    I have to say about them is they are AWESOME!!! You will feel that the real
quality is very very good.the connection is very easy,you don’t have to read the
instructions.sound quality is very good and clear .there is no noise.running
will not drop. I am very happy with this product. Worth all 5stars!!!
    This is a great set of ear buds. They can be used as stereo or mono. Nice
fit
    They were decent at first, but the right side started cutting in and out
like a fraying wire on wired headphones. The battery life of them is decent for
the price, but if I haven't touched them or the case in a week or two, they'd
both be completely dead. Not sure why both batteries would completely drain
without any use.
    El audífono del lado derecho dejó de sonar a lo 3 meses, la duración de
batería es de 2:30 a 3 hora, cancelación de ruidos pasivo aceptable, calidad de
sonido decente, después de cambiar a la almohada más grande
    Great item! Price was very good, battery life is good. Have used the item
for the last few days and still have not had to charge the case. The case
charges the buds every time it connects. Connects great to phone and laptop
also.
    I had initial issues with the sound breaking up in one off the earphones but
2 months in the right earphone stopped workingUpdate: 09/01/19Heard from the
manufacturer, they offered a full refund for the product. waiting on the refund
, given good customer service i'd recommend them
    Just opened up my buds today, super easy to pair with my phone. The tap
controls work great and the charging station makes it easy to keep organized and
fully charged.
    I love these headphones. I just got them today and I have to say I’m
extremely impressed, for wireless headphones in the 50$ price range these take
the cake. They are just the right size with very great sound quality and good
noise cancellation. I would recommend these to anyone looking for relatively in
expensive wireless earbuds.
    Bang for your buck, I use it in the gym and they never fault out or come
loose.
    Work extremely well, very comfortable in my ears. The sound quality is good
and it connected easily to my devices.
    I don't recommend it. Bad mic. Bad Bluetooth connection. The left one start
make noise sound while it is on
    They are a really good product .. connecting to the phone calls is a little
challenging.. but all in all I will certainly be buying a few more pairs for
Christmas presents !
    Good purchase for the price
    I just received my earbuds. They were recommended by a co-worker. The
earbuds are lightweight, easy to pair with (Android) device, and has great sound
quality. A must have in earbuds (for me) is a great bass sound, which these
offer.
    The earphone is in good quality and looks durable. Feel comfortable when I'm
wearing it. It does help a lot when I want to listen to some music during work
out. Bluetooth is easy to set up, no problem with the connection.
    I like these.  They fit perfect in my ears.
    These are amazing headphones!. I was kind of skeptical at first because I
have never used wireless headphones before but these are amazing! They cancel
out the noise and you can barely hear noise even when there is nothing playing.
Would 10/10 recommend!!!
    I purchased these headphones for my son. The quality is excellent, fits
nicely in his ear. He likes how you can pause the music on the earbud itself and
not have to use his phone to do this. Overall we are very happy with the quality
of this product.
    Good
    In the beginning the sound was ok, good to listen my audiobooks, noise
cancellation was poor, battery used to last 2 hours. After a month the sound
dropped to half, I barely can hear, sound cancellation doesn’t exist now, don’t
recommend the product. The price paid was a total waste.
    Sound quality and the way it sounds to people on the other end of the phone
is great. Music sounds great. It dropped the blue tooth a couple of times while
on a phone call. That’s my only complaint. Otherwise, I like them a lot
    I got these on May 11th. They were good for what I needed them for, but
stopped working after the return window was closed!! I tried talking to customer
service, but couldn't understand the person very well then I got disconnected.
I'm so disappointed in this product. Now I have a $50.00 pair of bluetooth
earbuds that don't work.
    I like these things. They are just the right size for easy handling, and
tucking in a pocket. They work well with all of my devices.
    I purchased these May 2019 and within 3 months with minimal use they stopped
working 😡 I’m going to contact the company to see if they can refund me or
replace them.  So disappointed. 😡 if I could give this product a negative review
I would. 😡
    These are a great value! The sound quality is great! It takes a second to
figure out how they sit in your ear, but one you figure it out, they’re great!
    Love this because I needed for work. I only charge once for an hour on my
lunch break in between uses. Lasts me 3-4 hours at a time!
    Very disappointed. Does not hold a charge for long. The sound quality is
good but unable to speak to anyone with this device.
    Lacks Bass but all round awesome sound quality, durability, an battery life
for such a device
    They are pretty bulky and noticeable.  I they are touch sensitive, so keep
playing even though you intended to pause your sound.  not great for audible
books.  Noise cancellation is not good at all.
    Good for used 👍
    I love when I have them in I can concentrate.  I love that the battery life
is great but when speaking with someone they say they don't hear me well.
    These works fine for a day or two, then the volume started to decrease and
would not increase. Crap product. I will stick to wired earbuds.
    So glad I found these amazing battery life!
    These wireless earbuds are great. They rest perfectly in the ear and cancel
out all background noise. The sound better than I was expecting them to be. I
was iffy about ordering these because they were not common brands but I don't
regret my decision.
    These earbuds are super easy to pair,  the volume is great, there were a few
hisses in high vocals (I was listening to the flaming lips). I am far from an
audiophile, but for 50 bucks you can't do any better. They sound better than air
pods and you don't look like Ben Stiller
    Great wireless earbuds!It’s better than what I expected, especially the case
can turn into a Power Bank to charge the phone or other device too.Also can
Register to product the item and get a small gift through their email.
    Pairing is pretty easy. Work really well and for a good amount of time.
Sound is pretty good for such a small set of completely wireless earbuds. Love
the charging case that keeps charging the buds for several days.
    It every nice.... the battery on the head phones  is around 4 to 5 hours...
with max volume... they fit in the ear perfect....the only thing I dislike about
is the battery for the ear piece..
    I was really surprised by how loud they are. The multifunctional touch is
very easy to remember and very user friendly! They also stay snug, yet
comfortable in my ear!
    These fit nicely and are easy to use. The sound quality is good and I am
enjoying using them. They look more expensive than they are. Definitely worth a
try if you're looking for new Earbuds!!!
    They are heavy and big and don’t stay put in your ear.
    Perfect in all ways
    I like these earbuds. Last long but the only issue i have is the call
quality.
    I tried them once, like my old LG blues tooth better.
    Very little bass. I could deal with that if they still worked. But they
don’t work anymore. They say power on. They are definitely charged. But will no
longer connect to my phone after just a couple months.
    Purchased these earbuds a couple weeks ago and I am shockingly surprised how
happy I am with them. Great quality for the price. They work great, easy to set
up and comfortable to wear. I would definitely recommend.
    I have to say as soon as they arrived I was ready to test them.  After a 20
minute jam session in the shower and wearing them for another 3 while cleaning
my house they are wonderful.I highly recommend
    They're awesome. Comfortable and sound great
    Received today, so far these ear buds are easy to pair and sound fantastic!
    Great earbuds!! Fit way better than my AirPods.  Good sound and battery life
    I use this product while at work and no one noticed (which was a great thing
) , the sound was very clear and nice volume . I also used them at the gym and
they fit perfectly , they stayed in place
    Garbarge.  They stopped connecting to each other after a little over a
month.  Sound quality is mediocre at best.
    I use these everyday for work and I Love them. The only thing is that the
mic when talking on the phone with them isnt that good, but that's the only
downfall. Otherwise, worth the buy.
    Great 👍🏽 noise canceling survives my 2plus hr gym sessions
    I loved it at first. Now I can’t get it to pair with any device. I’ve tried
everything. The only downside I noticed was it didn’t tell me who was calling
just the phone number.
    The price is decent, build seems decent, fit is good, but the sound is
terrible. Very weak bass. The regular frequencies  also seemed unclear and weak.
    They are constantly cutting off. Either one or both. I keep having to put
this back in the case to get them to work again. Disconnecting and then
reconnecting doesn’t work. Total waste of money.
    Out of the box left side didn't work
    Great ear buds, I use them at work and I they block out unwanted noises.
    It was too big for my ear lobe. It did not fit right!
    Used for phone and watching movies
    This Bluetooth is very convenient and practical. When I am working, the
design is also very user-friendly and the sound quality is very clear. I like it
very much. It can take a long time for each charge. I think I will recommend my
friend!
    This wireless earbud is amazing, good quality. It’s a best one that I have
earbuds. The charge case that you can use for powerbank to you cellphone. I love
it very much.
    I’ve had these for less than a year. Suddenly My right ear bud volume is
significantly less than my left with no way to fix it. Very disappointed
    Worth it for the 35 bucks. Can’t complain, make sure to wash your ears so
your ear wax doesn’t muffle the sound lol!
    Great product they fit really well and so far they do not skip at all. Sound
quality is good better than most products in this price range. I've been looking
for a good pair of headphones for a while.
    Great product overall. Easy set up and works very well with iPhone. I used
this while exercising and voice quality was great! The only thing is it doesn’t
fits my ear very well at first, but it comes with different sizes rubber things
to fit my ear and I solve this issue eventually. It is pretty good anyway.
    Awesome, blows my Beats outta the water. So comfortable I barely notice them
on. Charging case comes in handy!
    The Noise Cancellation is OK. The product overall performance is good until
it decides not to work. It's not pricey but the quality is disappointing. I
wouldn't recommend purchasing it.
    Love these. Wear them every night at work. Lost one of my ear buds from the
previous pair I bought, after trying a different brand I came back and bought
another set of these. Very happy with the sound quality and the comfort
    Sounds great, comfortable and the batteries last longer than what I thought
they would.
    Very compact and slique! The earbuds fit comfortably and the sound quality
is pretty good! The noise cancellation was pretty good too.
    Very easy to connect to my phone and my iPad. Comfortable and discrete.
Arrived 2days earlier then predicted.  I recommend these to anyone wanting good
quality earbuds without breakinh the bank.
    Mine have never worked. I have reach out to try and get it resolved, but no
answer. I have also been unable to return.Very disappointed, but I guess that is
a risk you take when you opt to buy a cheap version
    Seems good for the price happy will see if they last
    I like this earbus a lot, much better than my oem wired earphone. The sound
is clear with decent bass. Easy to carry around.The mobile charge is tiny,
doesnt take much space in my backpack.Been using it to jogging at gym without
any connection problem so far.
    I like the fact that these earbuds are light in weight they cancel noise and
I did recommend this to two of my other friends so far.
    Just got mine today.  So far so good.
    Not very good. Terrible sound quality. My $9 Panasonic wired earbuds are
about 3 times better sound quality wise. The right earbud crackled about 30
minutes into a run. And also they had difficulty connecting to each other.
    Don’t waste your money they’re junk
    Says waterproof but that is absolutely not true. The outside of the earbuds
don't work when water touches them and now after getting them wet the right one
has completely stopped worming all together.
    These earphones are amazing I ordered them and I got them on the same
day.They don’t died fast the charging case can stay on for 4 days straight
without out dieting and when I have it in I really can’t hear anything.they at
also very easy to hide if u don’t want people to know that u got headphones in.
    Great product and great pricing
    I've bought 2 of these so far, they are amazing!
    Bought this a couple of months ago and I'm very pleased with the sound and
fit. The sound quality was amazing and everyone in the family was impressed.
    It’s not working properly. I gifted it someone and they couldn’t use or now
that I couldn’t even return that(as it was given as a gift I can’t take it
back).
    Got these headphones a few days ago, they have very great audio for the
price point and I even wore them in the shower with no problems. I would
recommend to anyone that is looking for a reasonably priced pair of quality
Bluetooth headphones.
    Pros- decent price, the fit is okCons- will fall out if you move to much,
no volume control on ear buds. It took awhile to pair up with new phone.
    The first pair had a balance issue (one earbud significantly louder than the
other at the same volume setting), but they replaced that pair with a new pair
that did not have the issue.
    12 yr old loves them!
    It works good but it falls out of my ear a lot.
    I think the sound quality is good. I love the charging case, it makes a very
and it's easy to keep the headphones charged up.
    Sound is great, but the battery life is almost non existent. I gave these a
fair try. 3 straight days of charging them overnight, only for them to last less
than 2 hours the next day. My $20 Bluetooth headphones last longer.
    These are the best Bluetooth Earbuds I have ever owned. The battery lasts
forever and the sound quality is great. Charging and carrying them around is so
practical.
    Great headphones
    Awesome for the price
    I purchased these to replace some dying wired Bluetooth speakers. They fit
the bill just perfectly. It's actually pretty cool that the little case doubles
as a usb charger for other accessories too, if you need a little extra juice!
    These are great, work very well, connect with zero problem and keep their
charge, completely worth the money
    Ease of setup and use.
    They are just okay, but you have to have them all the way up to really hear,
and they sound quality is not good.  Will keep these, but would not buy again.
    I use these all day while working at my desk and they never bother me.  I
also use them while preparing for my Zumba class and they never fall out.
Battery life is about 4 to 5 hours.  Great product!
    These earbuds are AWESOME. They’ve made so many aspects of my life easier:
exercise, cleaning, working, falling asleep. They have a great battery life, and
the charging box has a great battery life as well. I can’t recommend these
enough.
    Used by our teenage boy for several months so far & they've proven very
durable.  Great sound, super comfortable & excellent battery life.  Customer
service is awesome - 3 thumbs up!
    Good headphones
    Sounds quality is good. Charging is awesome but the right earbud stopped
working after about a month of using them 3x week for about 2 hours at a time
    This a good product for the money. I wouldn't purchase them again. They cut
out from time to time when you're moving around. Overall they are good for me
when I'm in the yard working.
    Not even 6 months later they died. ☹️ They charge and power up but they will
no longer connect. First the right Then the left 2 days later.
    This product is amazing.. It's really convenient to use in your life.. The
quality is excellent.. Don't miss it..
    These ear buds came used!!!!😡😡😡😡 so nasty
    Absolutley worthless for phone calls. You have to take put one ear piece and
talk directly in to it. Then it sounds like your talking in a tunnel. Also when
your taking one out to talk the middle button disconnects your call. Maybe good
for listening to music but NOT PHONE CALLS
    I read a lot of the reviews before purchasing that said sound quality was
good. I’d be happy with good or okay but the quality is terrible. No bass, tinny
sounding. Too bad because they fit great and have awesome features.
    I received my device this week and I must say I like the quality of the
sound. I dont hear too much distraction in the background. Dislike, person I was
speaking couldn't hear me good around alot of background noise,but I definitely
use it for working out!
    Product is average
    The ONLY negative is that occasionally when walking they like to cut out
like an old 90's diskman. Past that they are some of the best headphones I've
ever owned
    I like the easy of wear of the product
    You are getting a 50$ of headphones. Don’t expect anything crazy, sound
quality is mediocre at best. Bass is heavily lacking. However, they are good for
the price
    Good quality, for such an inexpensive price. Set up took only a few seconds
with my iPhone, and it came fully charged.  Mainly bought these for the gym, and
they stayed on my ears during cardio. Would buy again.
    I use these for the gym. I’m very satisfied. They stay and sound great.
Bought 2 pairs.
    I love how easy theses earbuds where to pair with my phone. They are light
weight and they don’t bother my ears (usually things in my ears bother me). I
wore them while working out and had no problems. I would recommend them to
anyone. Great for the price
    Awesome little ear buds besides the very short battery life.  I can only get
around 3 hours out of a full charge.
    I was so existed when I got them. I  charged them for 8hrs. When. I was at
the gym they die on me after 1hr and 30min.... not worth the money... unless
mine are damaged 😭
    Price is good. Fit is great. Sound is good for price. Bluetooth is garbage.
Signal is terrible if you’re in midtown Manhattan. I want to spike them and
stomp on them when I’m in areas like that.
    Things I like:They are easy to pair. I can go into another room and they
stay connected.You can get up to 3 charges before you need to plug into a  USB
port to charge the case.
    Ear buds are for a big ear not a child or woman
    Great EarPods can’t beat the price for the quality your getting  they sound
great connecting to your phone is seamless
    Everything about this product was great! However, one slight problem was one
earbud was slightly less as loud, but it still blocks off my surroundings which
was surprising. This was a great purchase!
    Only Negative was the 3-4 hours they last, charging is fairly fast.  I can
charge the pack once and I can recharge through the work week.
    I like them but they are not loud enough
    These are the most comfortable wireless earbuds I've had. They dont fall of
and the battery life is good. I also enjoy the feature of being able to charge
my phone. Havnt had any issues with these and would 11/10 recommend these!
    These ear buds fit my ear perfectly. They stay in while running, have some
great bass, easy to operate. Would recommend them.
    These Bluetooth headphones have been one of the best Bluetooth headphones
I’ve ever purchased sound quality is great as well as the battery life
    These are perfect for working in an office space, we're only allowed to have
one earbud in at a time so as soon as one dies I swap it out for the fresh one
and let it charge. Gets me through 10 to 12 hr shifts like a champ!
    I wear these at the gym and when I am doing yard work. Sound great and stays
in the ear.  Noise cancellation is pretty good, never really hear anyone or
anything else at the gym.
    Great earbuds. Charge lasts a long time. Sound quality is really good. Calls
sound crystal clear, not like you're in a tunnel like so many do.
    Great sound for buds of this price point. I sweat a lot so they tend to not
stay put once I get on some cardio but neither do others that cost twice as
much. Very pleased with this item.
    Haven’t even owned these for a year & one doesn’t work & the other doesn’t
work for phone calls. Only thing I can do it listen to music or videos with one
ear. Don’t waste your money
    Product was as advertised , instructions were clear, no problems, delivery
was prompt, and I am very pleased with the performance.
    Great bluetooth earbuds. Perfect for podcasts and audio books!
    I only use it for 2 days, and the Bluetooth keeps disconnect even my phone
is next to it, especially when I make phone call, it disconnects every 5 minutes
and it's annoying. I think it should be better than this with the price $50 that
equal a JBL wireless earphones with better quality.
    Definitely worth the money! The sound quality is quite good. You can switch
songs by two slight taps and stop songs by touching the earbud. I’m very
satisfied with this purchase!
    Pretty good overall. Had an issue with charging case at first, one or the
ears would turn on if I move too much. But the problem stopped now for some
reason. It does a good job at blocking outside noises.
    I like that it really has a solid ear for me, the sound quality is amazing,
the microphone even works very well. I like to charge the phone case when the
headphones are charged. Good quality! I like these headphones.
    Sound is okay on my end but the person I am talking to can not hear a thing
    Earphones came quickly, the soundproofing is definitely the best feature as
it functions seamlessly. The touch pads are also a very nice touch that responds
well.
    The sound quality is average with extended battery life from the case.
Convenient and very usable battery life.
    Probably the best bang for your buck Bluetooth earbuds out there. Sound
quality is excellent and they feel like they are made of very high quality
materials.
    Good sound, and easy to connect. the only issue I have is the battery life.
The volume lowers as the battery dies - good for 4 hours or so.
    Easy to use great sound
    Great product for the price ! Very high quality.  Will consider buying
another one.
    One or both ear pierces constantly cut in and out. It reminds me of
listening to music on an old disc man when the CD would skip if a light breeze
picked up.
    Sound great and fit my ears :) that is all about
    Works great if your not around interference.  It cuts in and out.  Gave them
to my wife to try.
    These ear buds are great. I work in roofing and it was always a pain to have
wires getting in the way. They are also very durable I have had them fall over
40 feet on several occasions and they still work fine.
    This product is better than the price. Overall a good product.
    Love these! I got these after returning air pods and haven’t regretted it
since. They stay so much better have have wayyyyyy better sound quality!
    Great headphones. Come with multiple ear pieces to fit your ear. Only down
side only charges with usb to micro cord no wall jack
    I pretty much liked everything the sound is great I like that I can switch
tracks with a tap the pause feature works good plus I can answer phone calls and
turn up the volume  I would defiantly recommend theses to anyone wanting to go
wireless.
    Sound quality is ok...not THAT good.
    These quit working within the first few days.  DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!
    Battery life is horrible. Only last 4 hrs. I use these at work and was
hoping they would last a 8hr shift.
    great sound and i liked the power bank mode but the right one stopped
working it doesnt charge or turn on after 1 month so im currently only using the
left earbud .
    I purchased this as a gift and it stopped working. I purchased it in
December. The sound quality is not great at all. If I knew I would of been sent
it back.
    Great earbuds! The charger is cool because it's the case itself. Only
drawback my ears are super small. I have to really push the buds in my ears.
    This was surprisingly a great product. Easy to pair with device. It fit
snuggly in my ear without falling out during exercise. Even though they felt
heavy in hand, they did not feel that way while wearing them. Great sound
quality, battery held up and an added bonus is that charging case can charge my
phone too.
    These wireless headphones are a must have for super busy times when your
hands are unavailable! I am a twin mom so I need my hands. With these wireless
earbuds, I can multitask! They are made good, and very comfortable to wear. I
highly recommend these!
    Sound quality is fine if you can get this garbage to actually connect to
your device and play through it. I have t disconnect, reconnect, turn off/on
several times for it to connect to my phone and play sound through it.
    This are comfortable earbuds. They are soft and easy to use. The charging
stays on for a while and quickly get recharged. Its has been the best one so
far, I have tried many different brands but this seems to be the perfect one.
    I haven't had this for a month and the left earbud plays a weaker and lower
sound than the right one. It doesn't cancel noise Nd the battery life is 3
hours. So if you're on a plane for more tha  3 hours you better have backup. For
future reference I would invest in a more expensive but better quality product.
    Samrt and portable. The sound is great. I love it!
    I love how small these headphones are and super easy to put in! They stay
perfectly in my ear. I have yet to work out with them but I can tell they will
be a great addition to my work out! I’m excited to use them!!
    Love the sound quality with this wireless bluetooth!!! It's definitely worth
to buy with the price like this!!  It fits my ears well unlike the other brands
I bought before always fell out! If you are thinking to buy one, I would
recommend this one!
    hard to believe all these reviews are as good as they are given the quality
of bass output in these things.  They're fine for ear buds if you listen to
podcasts or don't need any equalizing i guess, but it lacks an equalizer and has
almost 0 bass.
    Didn't even last a year.
    These earbuds sync easily, lasted about 3.5 hours before needing to go back
in the case, have surprisingly good noise isolation, fit me well, and had good
audio clarity. Best Bluetooth earbuds for the money!
    Bought these for my gf and she loves them!!
    These are great truly wireless headphones! Super easy to charge, pair, and
sink. The sound quality was fantastic, and they stayed snug in my ears while I
ran outside in the rain and did a HIIT workout. Very good value for the product.
    First of all it was very affordable and it worked!!!!  My little barker
doesn't make a sound now and i can get some sleep during the day as i work
nights, it also doesn't seem to hurt her at all I highly recommend this Bark
Collar
    These headphones were super easy to pair. They work great for working out
and listening quality to music. They stay put and provide great sound qulity. I
would not use them for voice calls but amazing audio use. Battery lasts a long
time with charging case.
    The headphones are great, my fiance loved them for father's day and I bought
myself a pair. Complete noise cancellation and great sound. Bluetooth was easy
to set up and they're a great price.
    I bought a second set of these since I lost the first one. The first set I
had was great! Good sound quality and decent battery life. The second set has
been terrible. Sound quality has diminished, shorter battery life, overall just
seems of poorer quality. Going to look elsewhere for wireless earbuds.
    Works just as well as my galaxy buds. Only complaint is they aren't too
comfortable to wear for extended periods.
    This is the first pair of truly "wireless" headphones that I have purchased
- there just seems to be so many out there. Firstly, using the included earbuds
I was able to find the right size fit for me which has made all the difference
in sound quality.
    My last pair of wireless earbuds had issues with the fit and pairing issues.
These solved both problems. Great purchase!
    I wish there was better ear cushings. Other than that it's a good product
for the price.
    I would not buy these. They are too sensitive to the touch and when
adjusting in your ears/ removing/ putting in your ears, they hang up your phone
or stop music. Noise canceling is awful. They will not disconnect when you place
them in the charger and take phone calls while in the case, in my gym bag.
    Very easy to connect, great clarity and comfortable. High quality earbuds
for a great price! Also, quick to charge and long battery life.
    The earbuds have no bass at all and has noise leaking through.
    These are great! Stay in my ear & battery life is AMAZING!! I have yet to
charge them & I bought them at the end of June. The charging case is great
because of that. Totally recommend!
    If you are looking for durability and good price, these are probably the
best, i had them for 2 years and the only reason i stoped using them was because
i los the earbuds.
    They're ok for listening to music, but phone calls are always interrupted by
a loud beeping sound, then the call is disconnected.
    I absolutely love the sound quality and the battery life is great. I use
them while cutting the grass and place noise cancelling headphones over them and
can not hear a thing. Great purchase!
    It worked great at the beginning but after 2 months sound is so low I can
barely hear it at max level.
    Excellent sound, but these are the most uncomfortable earbuds I've ever had
the displeasure of owning. I cannot recommend these at all.
    I love the quality and that the sound is crisp so it’s easy to understand
when listening to someone speaking. I’ve only had them for a few days, but I am
extremely happy with my purchase.
    The sound, the bass ismoderalely heavy, the trebble  is easy.
    Sound quality is good. BT range is really good. Battery life is great. I did
not like the ear tips. They were too short for my liking. However I had some ear
tips from another device that fit much better.
    God Product for the price.
    These earbuds are great. They provide awesome sound, are easy to connect to,
and are comfortable. I would recommend these over and over again.
    At first I was a little Curious about them because I never had any type of
earbuds of this sort but I’m well satisfied with the sound and everything else
they most definitely was worth it and their very  comfortable
    Works great
    Got as a gift. They love them
    Sent back the first pair I ordered because they wouldn’t hold a charge. The
second pair has other issues. The right one routinely disconnects and the
overall volume is pitifully low. Next time I’ll spend more money on better
quality earbuds. Buyer beware.
    Fits ear nicely . Good sound . Easy charging and good fit & finish
    Stopped working after 8 months of low usage. It connects to the bluetooth,
but no audio.
    Sounds good. Doesn't fall out of my ear
    These work perfectly with my phone. I only wish the battery lasted longer.
But 2 hours is plenty.
    I listen to 1 daily podcast so I don’t overuse. These lasted a few months
and then the sound started cutting in and out. It is now impossible to use these
at all as they constantly cut in and out. Would not recommend buying these.
    Just received these and they’re great so far. Super comfortable in my ears
and the buds have different sized attachments which is great. The sound is great
and I don’t have any lag with videos. Glad I got them!
    These were a disappointment from the start. Bluetooth connection dropped
continuously so the music kept cutting out. Then I dropped 1 on a carpeted floor
and it stopped working entirely. I got about 4-5 weeks use out of them. I bought
a different pair from AliExpress for much cheaper. These are all Chinese made.
    I tend to use the left bud more than both of them, but after having them for
a couple weeks the left is significantly quieter than the right. and when I put
both in, you cant even tell the left bud is working.
    I really enjoy these headphones because i can enjoy my music while my phone
charges and i dont have to have a wire attached to my phone while doing so.
Great sound quality. Good battery life. All around great product!!
    I like the way it was so easy to connect to my iPhone X and and sound was
perfect. When using both they seem to know when to connect. I never had to both
with it I toke the ear pieces out and bam they connected
    Great product and so far it’s worked out well. Sound quality is nice and I
like the ability to double tap the headphones to change songs and pause. Would
recommend for those who want wireless headphones that stay in your ear!
    These came without the head set or pouch. This is my second pair it's a
great product but I feel like I've been swindled.
    It can connect two devices at the same time. The sound quality is also very
good and it can be used for a long time. Sound insulation is also very good
    This was not worth the money. The battery life is less than 2 hours then
requires charging. The buds fall out easily as well.
    Perfect for working out and everyday use. No complaints from callers and I
hear the other party clear. Charging case is solid. No problems pairing.
    After three months of usage the headphones disconnect from each other. I
contacted amazon for help and they said they cannot do anything about it.
TOTALLY DISSAPOINTED
    At the beginning they might feel a little bit uncomfortable- it feels like
they create vacuum inside your ears, but I got used to it after a while.
    Love not having the cords hanging.
    I bought these because my son’s teenage friend who is really into
electronics said they were the best.  We’ve had them a few months now and they
are great.  Easy to use and excellent sound.
    The battery life is terrible, I'm lucky to get a hour of use it listening to
music or a podcast.  You can get alot more value elswhere. Maybe it's just bad
QC,
    These headphones quit working 3 hours after I received them in the mail. The
first test/bluetooth check was fine, then the right bud stopped working and the
volume began auto-adjusting. It was a bad experience.
    Good
    It is over all a very good product by having good sound quality and having
good noise cancellation. Really ,the only problem I think of is that it
sometimes takes to long for the headphones to pair to my device.
    These are great for the gym. I workout for 3hrs 3 times a week and the
charge on the case lasted for a month! WOW
    Battery charge only lasts about 20 minutes. Unit was replaced but new unit
is same poor battery life.
    These work really good.  My son is happy.
    I've owned these headphones for about 7 months, I use them daily. The left
headphone has gone quite and there has always been connectivity issues.When they
were new they sounded great.
    I really was impressed on delivery it was earlier than expected 👍🏼👍🏼 The
quality is good both sound and esthetic. Would recommend to anyone  you don’t
need to break the bank $$$$$
    First blue tooth device and it is awesome!
    Honestly pretty good. Only problem I have is the battery, but it lasts as
advertised and there’s only so much you can do in so little. Great buy!
    Poor battery life. Sound quality is good, but volume is too loud even on
lowest device setting. The earbuds pieces that come with it are terribly
uncomfortable so I replaced them with the ones from my Sony ear buds. This
helped with noise cancellation which was also bad with original buds.
    Hi.  I bought these about six months ago and was very satisfied until the
right ear bud stopped working. I still use the left one, but that doesn’t cut
it. One star.
    Love these earbuds ! They were super easy to set up and sound quality is
excellent! Loved that they stayed in place during my cardio workouts! I would
recommend these to anyone !
    I used for tablet and phone. The sound quality is great.  The fit is good..i
had had trouble with others.  It took me 2 times to pair but I think that issue
was me not the buds.
    At first I was skeptical about the product because of the headphone being so
small. Once I got them they fit perfect on my ears and the sound quality was
really good. Always wanted AirPod a but didn’t want to spend the money. This was
a great alternative and I’m happy with my selection
    Played with it for several days now. Not much to complain with this price.
Smooth paring, easy seating, tight fit. Just have to adjust it to get the right
angle.
    Volume in left ear plays at half the volume of right ear
    Battery life while listening to music is approximately 2 hrs not what is
advertised.  Noise cancelling is a joke if you are outside recipients can hear
wind andceverything else going on. Also when walking downtown with tall building
it loses its bluetooth connection intermittently.
    6 months in and Right ear bud does not work anymore only the left. They were
great while they lasted.
    I've tried a couple different wireless headphones but these fit my ears the
best. The sounds is better than expected and they are easy to charge/use.
Definitely recommend!
    I loved the wireless features. Volume Control and all. The only issue is
that it has no noise cancelation. Overall great for the price!
    Bought these headphones and after the 2nd use, with a fully charged battery,
the headphones started cutting out and making a weird sound. Thought maybe it
was something with the connection so I disconnected them and reconnected, but
after a few minutes of talk, it was doing it again.
    I was pleasantly surprised with wireless earbuds. Not only they fitted well
onto my ears but they also come with 2 other size fittings. The sound is so
clear at every level.
    These are absolutely by far the best clearest sounding, easiest to operate
most enjoyable to use and listen to and most of all, all the reviews back the
product up.
    I believe the battery life are balanced. I believe my ears need some rest
from time to time of constantly hearing something.
    Great value
    I am so happy with this product! Unlike other that ear buds I have tried
these are amazingly comfortable! They cam full charge so they were ready to use
and the are so easy to connect to all of my Bluetooth devices. Love that they
come with this caring case. All in all it is an awesome product and worth the
price I paid for them.
    I love the ease of these earphones; from charging to pairing. Great fit in
my ears. Phone calls only come through one ear bud, otherwise great product.
    too bulky , sensitive, battery has low life, too expensive for the design,
not satisfied at all.
    Although comfortable and seemingly well made, these earbuds are pure treble.
Getting to a desired volume is an issue also. Yes I know, they aren’t beats
audio headphones, but I have had two pairs of wireless earbuds before these, and
the sound quality was MUCH better.
    I usually have problems with ear buds staying in my ear but these fit great.
Great sound quality and easy to use touch pad controls. Paired quickly and
easily with no problems.
    These are much better than my bose bluetooth earbuds that cost me 2x the
amount of these headphones. The fit is snug and I do not feel like they will
fall out like some headphones do. Loving them so far!
    I've had these earbuds for less than 2 months now and the batteries already
will not keep a  charge.  Also there is no good information to submit a
complaint directly to the manufacturer.
    Horrible. Battery doesn’t last longer than a couple of hours. Good luck
going on a run or walk. With all the interference, you’ll be lucky if you hear
half of what you are listening to.I Switched to Apple EarPods and don’t have any
of these problems with them.
    Was in the market for wireless earbuds and these are great! They connect
immediately as you take them out of the case, and the left ear bud works by
itself. Bought two! One in black one in white!
    Great sound quality but terrible range. It cuts in and out when I have my
phone in my pocket. May be returning these
    Works great love it use them all the time
    I absolutely love these headphones amazing sound good battery,life
waterproof only bad thing I have to say is I don't like that there's only one
size ear bud
    Very flimsy and poor case design
    Bluetooth has good range. Decent noise canceling. Bass isnt great but thats
to be expected on a pair of cheaper bt in ears.
    Left earbud would cut out half the time. Or they would hang up the call a
few seconds after I answered.
    I’ve had these for just shy of four months and today the right ear bud
stopped working. Of course the window of return has expired!!
    This is my first set of wireless ear buds. I am very happy with the quality
and functionality of them. I don’t have anything negative to say about them. I
use them for listening to music and movies.
    Replace the the stock ear rubber buds with normal ones to increase sound
quality.
    My daughter love these better than her last pair I bought her.
    This product needs an app that can increase the sound and bass. Otherwise it
connects instantly both left and right in charges easily once put in the case.
The range is definitely up to 50 feet and through walls with no loss of
connection.
    Bought as a birthday gift!
    I honestly did like it immediately but within 2 weeks I noticed an absolute
degradation of quality. The right bud stopped working as well and plays at lower
volume. It works every now and then but it's fickle. All in all if both stop
working like they used to, at least I have an overpriced powerbank to chare my
phone in emergencies.
    This is a well designed product, cool and futuristic looking, also easy to
pair and connect. They fit comfortably, perfect for running, workout or mowing
the grass.
    It has great sound, easy to use and to setup.
    Good all around
    I don't know really give bad review but this is  the exception. Listen to
music is fine. But when I start taking to someone, connection drops so
frequently and make noise like old soundtrack. Please don't waste your money
    I would buy this product again! I really like feature that it is basically a
portable charger and the sound is excellent for me. Also, the battery life of ok
too. I would really recommend this to someone and my friend also wants me to get
her one.
    Love the,the sound is awesome.
    I didn’t like the fact that whenever you were on call with someone, they
couldn’t really hear you because it was muffled or if you accidentally touched
the earbuds, it would hang up on the call
    Great quality
    After losing my first set I bought another. After having them for 6 months
they suddenly stopped being able to play loudly. At max volume it only sounds
about half of normal. Many newer headphones are coming out
    They connect pretty sporadically. Try did send me a replacement pair for the
ones I originally got but have the same issue. Volume will go up and down
occasionally. Kind of confusing to connect to Bluetooth.
    Stoped working after a week
    Best ear buds and best price I highly recommend this product and they also
ship pretty fast
    Very good earbuds for the price. For my first pair of wireless earbuds I was
very impressed. The sound quality was nothing super special. But the battery
life was very long and the touch controls on them were very convenient. The
inclusion of many different extra fits was nice as well.
    My husband got these for Fathers Day, so I had to try them out.  What an
awesome sound, and very comfortable.Never heard of the brand, but great price
for them as well, compared to brands I knew.
    Chinese brand feels cheap gave them away soon as u i seen and felt the
quilty
    Great quality these make an awesome gift for anyone
    Ordered these in May. Can’t say I used them that many times. I went to
charge them and they refused to charge. Dead. No product support. Stay away
    Great buy awesome products
    Sound quality is great for voice/podcast stuff.  If you want bass you need
to change the EQ setting in your phone and it will improve just a little bit.
    Piece of garbage.  This was the second set I received after having
connection issues with the first set.  Kept disconnecting from Bluetooth and had
issues answering phone calls.  I emailed Pasonomi and never got a reply - no
customer service at all.  Would recommend buying another brand.
    Great product for the price!
    They go into your ear way to deep and are painful to wear for a long time.
Also after a couple weeks of use the right ear bud is going out. Definitely not
worth 50 bucks the production vaule looks like they where made with a budget of
10 bucks.
    Fantastic headphones that I very much enjoy. They're super low profile so I
can wear them inside of my helmet, the sound quality is great, and the battery
life is fantastic. Highly recommend these headphones.
    Nice quality!
    I had originally bought these and had trouble with them but since then the
manufacturer sent out replacement earbuds and I couldn't be happier they work
great and the manufacturer bent over backwards to make it right
    They're a little big for my tiny ears but most headphones are for me anyway,
but other than that they're awesome!
    Not much noise cancellation, poor battery life. Worst experience when it
stopped pairing with neither laptop nor phone after using it for around 2
months.
    I really like these for car and outside. Very sturdy,well made.Great
charging base. Easy to set up.
    Charging system works well and good quality build
    Exactly as advertised! Magnets snap the buds back into the case with a very
satisfying feeling. Come ready to connect out of the box. Great battery.
    Loved them at first but within a month or two they became very quiet and
unusable. They haven't had any damage so I'm assuming they're just a cheap
product.
    The product sounds is very bad and the calls keep disconnect
    For the price compared to other expensive better known brands, these are a
steal. The quality is great and the sound gets loud with good base. Gonna have
to get another pair so my girl won't keep asking for mine
    The product exceeded my expectations. The sound qualify is amazing. The fit
is snug. The product is so lightweight I forget I'm wearing them.
    just music and listening to different things
    Headphone sound quality is very good, clear voice, do not need cumbersome
steps to connect to the phone. The point is the sound quality, perfect sound
quality experience!
    Tried these for the first time last night while in the soccer gym.  Canceled
out sound although not entirely.  Decent quality,  liked the look and feel of
them.
    I really enjoyed these
    Really worth the money.  Five star rating for over all comparison.  Sound is
great if u r not looking for bass.  Clear stereo sound comparable to iPhone
earbuds or better.  Can’t go wrong
    Amazing little product, one problem was that after a while the left earbud
became louder than the right one and I haven't found a way to fix it. Other than
that it was amazing with the Great Sound and perfectly water resistant
    Great headphones but the noise cancellation does need some improvement also.
Maybe after the first few link ups with your bluetooth the intro can get
annoying
    The package is beautiful. It fits pretty well on my ear. The sound is pretty
good too. It looks really fashion. I moved around while wearing it and it
doesn’t fall out so it’s pretty good. Overall I like this product.
    So far I really like the battery life, and how quickly they charge. As well
as the sound quality.
    I liked how easy and fast they were to connect to blue tooth . The sound is
amazing and they are very comfortable in my ears.
    I am pleasantly surprised by these earbuds. The sound quality is
outstanding. They are compact, and the case doubles as a charging dock which is
super convenient. Very pleased with this product. 👌
    I love these headphones. They fit perfectly in my ear and it connects to my
phone very quickly. I don’t have to worry about them ever not being charged
because the case doubles as a portable battery pack.
    Headphones came fast and work great. I love the cute little accessory bag.
    Battery life is more than enough. I would say it does the job just as good
or better than the higher end expensive ones.
    Routinely fails to pair both earbuds making them effectively worthless.
Instruction manual is opaque. Not at all clear how to correct problem.
    they disconnect without warning all the time. the cut off and make a bizzing
noise out of nowhere.
    Hassle free charging from box . No worries on whether they are are charged .
Plenty of charges in between .
    I bought this February 22 2019 they worked great for a whileNow the sound
comes and goesSometimes loud then nothingIt’s fully charged and I use them once
a weekSo after 3 months I need to find new ones
    I'm very please with the choice of this product.  The setup was very easy.
Plus the sound quality is very good.  My wife and I both purchased one and we
would recommend this product to our friends and family.
    I absolutely love these earbuds！ They are comfortable to wear，have amazing
sound, are really easy to use, and the charge lasts for a long time!
    Max battery life for my new set is 3 1/2 hours. No bass at all for music.
nothing exceptional at all here. Very mediocre.
    They are so comfortable for all day use. The connectivity to my devices is
great. Well worth the cost and I would recommend to friends.
    Sound is ok. (Base is pretty mediocre). The battery lasts for like 2.5 hours
(which is disappointing), but the case keeps charge for a while.
    Not the best. Not the quality I was looking for.
    Amazing headphones I work construction and I’ve been wearing these on and
off all day for months now they work great I’m buying a pair right now for my
little brother when we train Muay Thai .
    Love them
    I've only had the product for a few hours so I can't say much yet, but the
voice is atrocious.
    Wife likes them
    Use them for you tube and podcast ect
    Great 👍
    Great fit and sound
    Is surprising me the minute you put both pair in your ears , you feel the
whole world are quitting down, nothing even joking, but onething is not really
good about this product is kind of hurts when you first put it in your ears but
you will get use to it soon
    Use it alot
    Referred this item by a friend. Great product.
    Only used it myself for a short time so far, but the headphones seem to
definitely be worth the listed price.Don’t have any real complaints about them,
just overall very happy with the product.
    These headphones for perfect. They are awesome for running or just wearing
around the house. I would recommend to anyone.
    This is a real a nice Bluetooth earbuds. It comes with a box for you to
store them at when you are not using it. It also serves as a dock for you to
charge your earbuds. It fit my ears perfect and have good sound quality.
    excelente
    Dislisked the uneven audio within the left earbud. Looked up possible
solutions but unfortunately it's a hardware issue. Would not recommended. Issue
occurred about 3 weeks after purchase.
    Worked just liked they said. Great quality for the price. They fit well and
stay in place.
    I had the product for 3 wks and now the left ear bud is so low you can
barely hear it.  I tried to raise the volume but it says it's at max volume.  I
want my Money back!!
    I use these all the time and like how they stay in my ears. The battery
lasts a while and it provides great sound for this kind.
    Fits well
    Great sound, easy to use and hassle free. Quality is excellent. Been using
it during my jogging rounds and exercises or when I'm enjoying the tub. And
didn't have to charge for too long! Highly recommended!
    Volume can better, not noiise cancellation, notice sound comes and goes when
moving eg. jogging.
    I bought the product to listen to podcast and simular material. They worked
well enough at the start, but then the volume lowered all the way and now won't
increase. They are now useless
    These earbuds are great, I'm always moving around while on the phone  and
its hard to be heard with these earbuds my conversations go smoothly, I can be
heard without any trouble and the sound is awesome
    Good
    Did not stay in ear while active.
    I rarely review items but I really wanted to say that I like this earbuds a
lot and the sound quality is really good. When I had problems the company was
very nice and provided great customer service.  I really recommend these earbuds
and I hope you enjoy them as much as I do. Have a nice day!
    Fantastic wireless earbuds. I was looking for cheaper alternatives to Apple
AirPods and these fit the bill perfectly. Very comfortable in your ears and easy
to pair with your phone. Highly recommended.
    I've purchased two pairs of these. I like the fit and the sound is
excellent.  The battery life has been no more than 2.5 hours, which is
disappointing. Overall, i'm enjoying them.
    Awesome wireless buds!
    Actually Does Better Job.  I like it coz they fit perfectly on my ears. Easy
to Connect.I think it’s better product at that price.
    Two of my purchases had defective right ear bud.  The other two purchases
worked amazing and we are content with all sound quality.
    The earbuds are snug in your ear, staying on while running. The charging
case is helpful as I don't have to worry about my earbuds running low on battery
during a workout!
    Work well and sound good. Battery life is pretty good and also functions
well as headset for phone calls
    Great for just treble music; no bass, but not a deal breakerThey stay
charged for a good while and case rarely needs charging
    Control using the earbud touch mode is too confusing.  Use primarily to
listen to music on my phone.
    They stick to the ears very well, the sound quality is great as well as the
autonomy. Moreover I find them very confortable. Finally, this is a nice quality
over price, I strongly recommend.
    I can use the left ear bud alone out of the case but cannot use the right
side alone out of the case. Other than that for the price its pretty good
    These headphones sound good and stay in place pretty well. Keeping the
headphone cords out of the way will be great for my job and getting things done
around the house!
    You definitely can cancel out the noises of the world with these and I love
the comfort of the fit in my ears. They're easy to handle and easy to transport
around. Definitely worth the price and love it!
    These are comfortable and the sound quality is decent, but the charge
doesn’t last long.  Fully charged, they die around 2.5 hrs of use.
    They're ok. Not great, not terrible. Sound quality is lacking and the touch
feature is sensitive but they work for the purpose I need. Comfortable to wear
    These headphones fit incredibly well in your ears, have crystal clear sound,
and you don’t feel like they will fall out if you bend over. Overall these are
great and I look forward to continuing to use them in the future!
    Not long on battery otherwise good.
    For the price they are very good. Its not all world quality but they get the
job done.And the customer support is excellent.
    Sound is great, decently soundproof as well. They don't fall out thanks to
the high quality nubs that hold them securely in your ear. Very light as well,
you hardly notice they are there.
    Very comfortable to wear, sound is good , good product for the price. Comes
with a very nice charging case.
    Although the sound quality is good and some other things are great. But I
didn't really like the case. It was so huge :( it was pretty annoying to carry
that kind of large thing in my pocket
    One side has quit working. Other than that, they were good!! Hopefully can
get a replacement!!
    I do n like them at all they are n what they say they was gone to be trun up
all the way luck to hear the singer this suck big time .
    Stopped working after 3 uses. The seller contacted me with additional
instructions and offered a refund. When working enjoyed the product.
    They worked for about the first 6 months then the other day the left earbud
Just stopped working. It now plays at about 1/4 of the volume it should. This
makes them unusable.
    The earbuds were decent while they were working. They died within a year of
purchase and will no longer charge. Will not repurchase.
    These Bluetooth earbuds worked great! They were extremely comfortable, music
was clear, and they stayed in my ear. I've had problems in the past with earbuds
falling out but these stayed in and didn't hurt my ears. Would buy again!
    Touch control and a huge battery charging box caught my interest. I am
worried that the sound will be very bad until I finally hear the sound. The
sound is amazing.
    After using these earbuds for one month, the left bud stopped working. I
tried to contact the company but they never responded. Would not buy again!
    I liked them at first, but the right piece stopped working after less than 2
weeks of use.
    The sound quality is like listening to something in another room.
Consistent pairing issues where headphones would not pair with each other.  They
are also subject to a fair amount of Bluetooth interference when going through
certain locations.  Uncomfortable design.
    Good battery (both case and earbuds), bad audio (null bass) and messy
pairing (when using only the right one)
    It’s a gift for my husband and he is completely happy about it. I tried it
myself and satisfied with the sound quality. The connection is stable too.
    LOVE IT
    Works well enough.
    It would just disconnect when ever it wanted to. So you would have to pair
them again and again
    Easy to connect,  reconnect everytime after it s paired.  Sound quality is
good,  battery last 2~3 hours non stop playing with max volume.  Overall a good
buy.
    Best wireless headphones I’ve owned. Sound quality is great, the second you
take them off the charging station they connect right away. Definitely will be
giving as gifts this Holliday season!
    These headphones are great! Much better than I expected for the price. I
have another set of wireless earbuds that I spent $170 on and the sound better.
    In less than a year one o the earbuds stop working and is not charging
anymore
    The right one has barely any volume
    Earbuds stay in your ear..great at the gym..they stay charged for days with
the charging case...love them
    Every other time, the headphones fails to pair. It often takes several "put
back into the case and take it back out again" just to connect to my android
phone. The control on the headset is also flimsy, often pausing the music
instead of skipping to the next song (or replay).
    I don’t know if I received a defective unit, but the sound quality is
extremely poor. No mids or bass.
    I was not dissatisfied with the product. The case is easy to use, and the
fact that it is a charger means my phone can stay charged as well. The automatic
pairing is great. The best wireless earbuds for the price.
    Love these earbuds.  Fit snuggly in my ears and sound quality is great.
    Excellent ear buds!
    Very short battery life
    I use these for the gym, and they are excellent! Also work great with calls.
I ordered 2 pair. My boyfriend also lives his. Product came on time and as
expected. Highly satisfied.
    This is actually a really great product, good sound quality too. Others are
saying there is no bass but i Am not having this issue. Overall i am very happy
with my purchase.
    These are amazing
    Not very loud and lose connection all the time
    I really like these earbuds. High quality product, awesome sound, they are
very comfortable what is very important for me because actually I have sore from
other earphones. Also very easy to connect with phone.
    They’re great for sound.  I have problems when I use both, the right
earpiece tends to cut in and out.  When on a phone call the other end hears a
lot of background noise.
    You literally can't even turn your head away from your phone because it cuts
out sooooooo much.  Phone call quality is horrible as well. Don't recommend
    The ear buds are easy to connect to your phone. The sound is great, very
clear. They fit perfectly into the ear without any discomfort.
    This is a nice product. Good sound, very comfortable. Seamless connection.
    good for the price. After a month of using them, they just stopped working
for about a week, but randomly started to work again, so not sure what was up
with that. Hopefully they stay working.
    i got these headphones to kinda hide while im at work and they work
perfectly they hardly show and they cancel noise perfectly and the battery life
is very good i would recomend
    Great ear buds. This ear buds does far more than its price. One thing that I
would point out is that the plug doesn't really fit the ear hole. Other then
that, this is amazing!
    Love these ear buds. Charges them in the case and can charge my phone to.
Fast recharge too.
    Awesome product love them sound quality is excellent
    These are definitely worth buying.  Ran into some slight issues such as one
earbug constantly cutting out. But was easily fixed by resetting them
    I really like the feel of it in my ears. The bass effect makes a big
difference. The battery case it an added bonus.
    Love the sound quality and battery life. The charging case comes in-handy
quite a bit.
    Good ear buds; sounds quality is about what I would expect, earbuds fit well
and are comfortable. Haven’t worn them in rain or anyplace to test
waterproofing, but they seem like they would hold up.
    These headphones were great at first but quickly decreased in sound volume
after the first 6 months. Now at highest setting it’s barely any sound at all.
Bad quality
    The sound quality is not the greatest
    This is a great product! Sound is good and so far the quality seems good as
well. It's pretty effective noise cancellation especially if music is playing.
The are def higher quality than $50 will normally get you. Buy these!
    I got this item exchanged it for a replacement set for sound quality and the
same issue happened
    Horrible. Won’t stay connected. Will disconnect mid call. Total painful
experience. I certainly don’t recommend.
    These are like the papa johns of airpods style hearing aids. This bops and
leaves you like a a summer day at the beach, sweaty and wet. 10/10 love the
headphones.
    The sound quality is great when listening to podcasts and very good on the
phone.  Intuitive to use and a very comfortable fit. Awesome product!
    Great product
    It's not that loud and the battery life is less than 3 hours but it does do
a great job cancelling out noise.
    Sound is eh
    Great for the gym except they keep falling out of my ears. But great product
otherwise.
    Very easy to use and connect. Have used them with my laptop and Fitbit. The
sound is good and they really don't fall out when running.
    These earbuds work perfectly. The battery life and sound quality are great.
They are perfect for running or talking on the phone. Easy to connect and use.
    Love everything about it
    The case is the best part, the right headphone cuts in and out all the time
it gets annoying. I started just putting the left one in and leaving the right
one in the case.
    This product is amazing.The earbuds worked out of the box I use them while
taking my walks  I can still here noises outside but can hear my music without
disturbing others.. Love them
    Sound is really good. Not all full volume it already is fairly loud. The
charging case is very useful for holding them and charging my phone when needed.
Overall I'm satisfied.
    Works perfect and good price
    Great!
    Headphones were ok, Not much bass even with bass boost turned on for iPhone.
Fit in ear nice with many different options.  Can't give more than 1 star to a
product that broke after only two months. The right earbud stopped working. Very
disappointed.
    I love it
    They worked fine for about a month. Then one stopped working and neither
work. I bought 2 pair at the same time and the other pair has the same problem.
    We got these earbuds for my brother and he is in love with them. Uses them
everyday and hasn’t complained about them once. This is one of his most used
birthday presents yet.
    I’m oving these new headphones! They fit comfortably in my ear and cancels
out noise very well. The touch controls are really cool and have great sound
quality. I also love they are waterproof and I am really enjoying the charging
case. I highly recommend!
    These work pretty fantastically. Easy to set up and use and they sound
pretty good too. I would definitely recommend these if you’re looking for some
good earbuds on a budget.
    they work good for about a month but i’ve gotten 2 pair and they both start
cutting out after that
    I have been using this product for a month or 2 and there is no base and one
of the ear (right) pieces works intermittently.
    The product was easy to pair, looks and fit great, but the touch was too
sensitive. If I touched the earpiece at all during a call it would hang up. My
only complaint. I tried numerous times to be extra careful and every time it
would hang up
    Yes. It is the second time I bought them. This time I bought for my brother.
The quality is very good
    Love them! I use hem every time I work out, I do functional fitness so these
ear buds stay in with no problems!
    Returning. Ppl on the other side saying to much  noise and hard to hear.
Sorry
    Product sounded nice when I first opened them. Few hours s later they
decreased in volume significantly, they also have trouble connecting to my
phone.
    The sound was loud and clear, very good strero, as I am not of a bass head I
feel that the bass and treble are of a average quality. Very light, can't really
feel it when wearing.
    I love how comfortable these headphones while working out. I also did not
not expect such great range across different music genre. Would recommend.
    Worked right out of the box. Battery life is great. I do lose paring on the
pair if only one is used initially.
    I absolutely love the design, compact design and easy pairing. I would
definitely recommend this product for the price,
    The sound quality was horrible, I had them full blast at the gym and I could
literally hear people having conversations, no noise cancellation what so ever.
I’m returning the product and I’m super bummed I have to pay $8 to ship the
product back. Very unsatisfied.
    Wasn’t what said
    These headphones are okay. They stick pretty far out of your ears and look
goofy. The sound and quality is okay but sometimes it takes forever for them to
connect to the bluetooth.
    These 'true wireless' earbuds have a nice balanced sound and are very simple
to use.  For the money, very nice true wireless earbuds
    I use these for running and love them. I’ve had them for over a month and
never even charged the case yet I just put the earbuds back in it after every
run and they are ready to go. Easy to use and great sound.
    Returned
    I like the buld and feature this divice has but I have to be honest, the
audio is not all that great. I was a little upset but still very effective of
canceling out everything else. If you do a little more research I'm sure you'll
find something worth your money if not this is not a bad alternative.
    Absolutely ZERO bass or mids, even after changing the equalizer. Junk.
    They always sync up and they never cut out.
    These things work great. Sound is better than the ENACFIRE set I had. Plus
the portable charger is way more useful. I might just get another pair for my
wife.
    Good battery life. Good sound quality. Comes with 2 sets of different size
replaceable ear buds. Charges pretty quick
    This product was what I was expecting love that I can connect my phone to
the battery to charge it and long battery life for the head phone is a plus.
Recommend buying! Also a great price for the product!
    Great product. I can use them in the shower with no issues. Battery life
sucks though. Only lasts long enough for a 2 hour workout.I will be buying a
second set of headphones to use while the other is charging.
    Just got these, and on a full charge the first time out they only lasted 2
hours playing music.  The sound quality is the worst I've experienced on ANY
headphones I've ever owned.  No clue why these are getting such solid reviews.
They are truly aweful...do not buy!
    Perfect earphone. I never though it would be so good. This earphone is as
smart and fancy as AirPods, but much cheaper than it. I love it very much!
    Great for listening to music and audiobooks. Great sound. Easy to pause and
play again with quick tap.  Would buy again. :-)
    I love these headphones. They stay in when I run, life weights or use the
machines at the gym. They have great sound. No complaints so far!
    Great set of bluetooth earbuds for my office. Exactly what I was looking
for. Once I figured out how to pair with my MacBook, we were good to go.
    Happy with them!  I run so I tend to touch my hat and inadvertently touch
the earbuds.  They’re so sensitive that it pauses music.Otherwise solid solution
for wireless especially if you’re active.
    Great for headbanging to some Godsmack!I'll let you know battery life and
phone case charger thingy..Great bass for lil wayne
    Music is good love the charging case.
    I am giving three stars because whenever my phone is inside my pocket the
sound in the earphones starts to fail. Other than that, the sound and battery
life are good.
    I sent these back immediately because of the terrible sound quality. The
other reviews are correct that there is no bass, all high treble that verges on
hurting your ears. I gave it 2 stars only because it does pair with the phone
and function.
    They are awesome. The way they are put together feels quality. Sound is
excellent & clear. Connectivity is a breeze. Also the battery life is good. I
would recommend these to anyone looking for a pair. Enjoy
    It didn't take two months to break, the left ear often didn't hear the
sound, and the sound was too small
    I liked this product for several reasons. It is great for the price and it
works without any problems . Most headphones would die really quick but this one
doesn't.
    Mi pedido llego a tiempo y en excelentes condiciones, estoy muy conforme
muchas gracias
    This product is excellent, it sits in the ear perfectly and has great sound
quality, I recommend this product to anyone looking for a new pair of
earbuds/headphones
    The headphones are a great deal for the price. They fit comfortably and the
sound quality is great. I’d highly recommend if anyone is looking for wireless
earbud headphones
    Great quality sound, independent use of both earbuds, amazing battery life,
and it doubles as a charging bank for your phone. These are some of the best
Bluetooth earbuds you can get.
    Nice quality, wish battery life was a little longer, it's easily parable
with any device.
    Can not be used for calls, therefore was a little bit disappointed. Also you
can use them one at a time.
    I love that it blocks out all exterior noice and the quality of sound is
excellent.
    I like it because it’s exactly how they describe it to be and I love it the
sound is good and for calls as well and it’s just all around real good will most
likely order more
    i received my ear buds and they work great, I love that I could wear them
wireless and they fit better than the headphones I get with my iPhone. The best
part is that put them on and I don’t have to listen to everyone’s drama at work
    I like that there loud and comfortable to wear. Plus you can use one at a
time as well.My dislikes are that there not made for calling but other then that
it's good.
    I accidentally left my earbud in my pant pocket and it got washed, I knew it
was water resistant but didn't expect that much! WOW! Super surprised by this
product. Very good for the price.
    I've been using it for three days. The sound quality is very good in this
price. That is exactly what I need.
    I gave this 4 stars because I wish that the play/pause touchpad on the
earbud was a button so that if your hair was wet it didn't keep pausing and
bringing up Google assistant.
    The earbuds worked perfect for 2 months. After 2 months one side will not
work. Not worth 2 months of use!
    I had this product for three months. It was great until the right earbud
went to out. Such a shame since it had good battery life and the sound was nice.
    They are  waterproof which is a big plus. No problems setting them up and
getting them to connect to the computer and the charging case works well too.
    So far the sound has been fantastic and seems like you are at a concert.
Very easy to use and battery life last a good long time! Best ear bub purchase
so far for the price.
    This is a great product. I have only had these for a few weeks now but I am
so pleased with the quality so far.
    They are great. An excellent choice for budget minded individuals.
Excellent comfort with good in-ear stability.
    I really like these. They sound good and battery last pretty long for my
use. I change the rubber ear piece for my comfort other than that these are
great.
    excellent
    Cheap, but you get what you pay for - these stopped working after 6 months
(the right earbud stopped connecting).
    Don't waste your time here, go buy ipods...
    Bought it as a gift and works great
    First day receiving this product they cut out the whole time. When it wasn’t
cutting out the sound was decent. But way to much cutting out
    Excellent for the price,already buy the third one to my family.
    I know why sell lot earbuds i will buy again thank you
    Awesome product... just lacks really any base or clear treble.  Good for
podcasts n stuff, but if ur wanting to hear music clearly.... not the ones id
choose.
    They're like ear plugs that blast your favorite jams. I can't hear anything
else going on around me (unless I want to). they're amazing and I'll probably
buy some for my husband too.
    They are fine if you want earbuds that fall out of your ear constantly and
pause with the mere grazing of an earbud.
    Lasted for about 7 months before the tiny circular covering came off in my
ear, which I couldn't get out for a week.
    After less than six months the earbuds lost volume. The volume is controlled
through the phone , but even at it's highest level, the sound is very low.
    Great product! Easy to usePaired easily with my iPhone and iPad. Surprised
how far I can walk away from my device and they are still so clear! Love them!
    Bought these a few months ago.  Battery life is great.  Sound and quality
are good for the price.  Great value here.
    Shockingly great quality! Love the fit, lots of different tips so you can
fit them just right. Can even charge your phone with the battery box.
    The only negative I have is that the base is not great.  Really good for the
money.  No--not as good as a popular brand for three times the cost. Overall I
like them very much
    Amazing ear phones, they are waterproof and sounds great. Amazing product
and even customer service is superb. Highly recommended
    These earbuds are horrible with talking they're horrible with stay in your
ear that falls out because they are top-heavy they also cut in and out to pair
with your phone out of also you can turn off your earbuds without the case it
comes in to charge it's just a horrible product
    These earbuds were purchased so I could take with me to the gym and they
work well! I don’t hear any noise aside from the music I listen to and am very
content with the product.
    They wouldn't connect I just gave up and took the money as a loss
    Great noise cancelling and good sound quality.  Great value for the money.
    I like how I can wear one earpiece and still have total control. I work in a
warehouse so only wearing one allows me to still great my music and my
surroundings.
    Great sound with long life
    I love these!!They're perfect for gym!Battery life is awesome and I
accidentally washed them with my uniform and they are still working perfectly
fine!!
    These earbuds are amazing quality for an amazing price. They have great
sound quality and are very comfortable.
    Hard to turn on and off, hard to sync, wish I wouldn't have waited so long
to try them out. Totally missed my return date and after a few uses I ditched
them and bought myself a plantronics VOYAGER 5220. Now they just sit collecting
dust in my room.
    Finally a pair of affordable bluetooth headphones that work and stay in my
ears.  Now time will tell how long they will last.
    SOUNDS GREAT! BATTERY LIFE IS GREAT! OVERALL EXCELLENT! MY HUSBAND USES THEM
FOR WORK AND HAS NO COMPLAINTS!(IMAGINE THAT):)
    Audio cuts in and out every 5 min or so even when fully charged.  Device is
constantly dropping connection and reconnecting to my phone.  Bluetooth
connection is even worse when my phone is in my pocket, cutting out every 20
seconds or so.  Very disappointed.
    Worked for a few months then the sound will only work on one ear. Terrible.
Tried to reset multiple times and no luck. Save your money and don’t buy this.
    Sound quality is pretty damn good. Pleasantly surprised and they fit well in
my ears. Pairing was easy. Very happy so far with this purchase. Will update if
anything changes.
    I really liked the size of the buds and set up was pretty easy. Buying
another pair for my teenage son.Second pair works fine but one ear bud stopped
working on the first pair.
    I love this product the battery life is great along with the case being a
charger for my phone makes it even better. Sound is great, especially if you
only want to use one ear bud
    Waste of money and time.... buds doesn't work in the gym ao while
walking/running
    This product is highly recommended. The price is excellent and the sound
quality is perfect. The pairing was super easy.
    I like them they have good battery life could be longer but they're great
for there price. I also like for more bass but thats just my taste.
    Compramos el producto el 24 de septiembre y ayer 05 de noviembre dejó de
funcionar. Es una verdadera estafa, no lo compren, no lo recomiendo.
    They fit perfectly in your ears. Very light weight. They only took about 30
seconds to set up to my phone. Great buy for the cost!
    Very easy setup, love that there are different sizes for ear pieces, and
sound great. Only use for music though not for phone use
    These are fantastic. Long battery life and great sound. Has some connection
issues once in awhile but all in all no complaints. Great product
    They’re ok. I use them while running and they’re comfortable, but don’t
sound the best nor do they isolate well.
    Perfect in everything, I really recommend. I bought another Bluetooth fone
cheaper than this but isn't worth it. Just buy it.
    Me ha pasado que cuando me quito uno y vuelvo a conectarlo se deja de
escuchar hasta que lo coloco en su base, lo que me paso ahora es que no se
quieren escuchar juntos y solamente se esucha uno a la vez.
    These headphones are very good for the price. Easy to use, comfortable to
wear, and awesome sound. Customer support is very quick to respond if you have
any questions and fixed my problem very promptly.
    The earphones never paired together so that I could listen in stereo. I wish
I had never wasted my money on them. I gave them away.
    Son buenos para el precio pero baja calidad deSonido
    Left ear every time
    After a hour of use, it begins not connecting correctly or, just stop
working. They being to cut out. Not really fun but irritating when working or
working out.
    Not really that bad for the price compared to others left ear bug lost sound
after 4 months of use
    I love this ear buds~ you can actually control the volume and other
functions of them by simple tapping them! And unlike other earbuds they are
comfortable. Don't hurt my ears.
    Worked well for about a month then the left ear bud for some reason started
only giving out half the volume of the right one. It's very annoying because now
the right one is blaring and the left is super quiet
    One of the earbuds volume is now half of the other after less than 2 hours
of use.Update: great customer service, handled the issue with the product.
    auto sync
    Good product with a great price.
    Worked well for a little bit. The sound quality was acceptable. However,
after about 2 months the volume was so quiet, the earbuds are unusable. Other
reviews not the same issue. You can do better for the price.
    These headphones are great! I always struggled finding headphones that fit
my ears but these fit perfectly. They are very comfortable and have great sound
quality. The battery life is pretty good also.
    Very easy to pair and use; Earbuds fit comfortably; Excellent sound quality
for music; Long battery life; The charging station is also a portable charger,
great design.  Overall good price for a good quality product.
    Great earbud for talk radio sounds great not for music can't get loud
enough, very good sound quality though !
    Sound quality terrible. It's like having a pair of tweeters in your ears. No
bass whatsoever.
    This is a good product clean and loud sounds, able to charge your phone as
well all in one charger I would reamend this product!
    Work great bought them for mowing my lawn great sound even iver the
mower!!!!
    I bought these for my wife and she loves the style. The case also has a
sleek design. Ear bud sound quality is as good as any wired ear buds (and more
comfortable than the apple ones that come with iPhones)
    Very easy and convenient to use. Good for podcasts. For music they lack Bass
and are a little thin sounding. But overall being wireless is great especially
for working out
    I’m so happy with my purchase! It took a couple tries to sync the left ear,
but when it connected, everything worked perfectly!
    Too much background noise and uncomfortable in the earlobes.
    I got exactly what I expected and I don't have any issues with the massive
clout increase.Charges real quick. Hour an a bit your ready to go.
    I feel that this headset is really great, it’s just the right size for me
and the sound is clear.
    These wireless earbuds have good sound and do function as advertised. Good
for your daily workout but to much background noise gets in to use while mowing
your lawn.
    Great price, easy to use! Sounds great! I haven't had a pair of ear buds fit
in my ears for a long time, but these fit well and are very comfortable.
    These are the best earbuds I've tried so far. I reccomend them!! Bluetooth
on these works better than that of other similarly priced earbuds!
    Has great bass. Can’t use the right headphone by itself.
    I recently got these earbuds and am very pleased with them.
    Gave this product 1 star. They were excellent in the beginning and have
slowly stopped working. They are only 1 month old and unfortunately it’s too
late to return them. Poor product.
    nice device! satisfied 👍👍
    A nice pair of wireless waterproof earphones. I appreciate the quality of
the product so far. I just question the audio balancing between the two
earphones. My left earphone is usually more quiet than my right and I don't know
why.
    awesome product! Good ear buds & charger ! Great thing for working out &
walking dogs !
    These wireless earbuds are comfortable to wear and the sound quality is
amazing.  I highly recommend purchasing this product!
    Very tinny sound quality and horrible connectivity issues (tried on iPhone X
and Samsung s9). Certainly not worth the price and I regret to say that I'm
going back to my wired earbuds
    Very easy to use, and set up. They don’t fall out of your ears when
performing various activities. The sound quality is very good as well and the
touch controls are simple and respond quickly to each touch
    Great Price, good fit (I run & they stay in ear) Work well.
    Love the product. Fits well into my ear. Battery life a bit too short.
    Fairly Decent Bluetooth Ear Buds. However, The Volume And Fit Left Something
to Desire.
    I got these headphones to use while at work and they are perfect for it. I’m
happy with them.
    Complete trash. Do not waste your time or money. Sound quality is
nonexistent right along with any bass
    Suena bien, mejorar en la duracion y los menus deberian de  ser en español
    These earbuds do not properly sync with any of my Apple, PC and mobile
devices. Useless, waste of money.  Do not buy.
    Very good sound quality perfect, for the gym.They actually stay on and I
didn’t struggle to put them in. You can also use to charge other electronics,
very convinient
    I have had these for about 4 months and the right ear bud barely puts out
any sound anymore.
    Easy to operate! Awesome quality for sound. it works great!
    They are my first wireless headphones and work well. They quality of the
sound is sharp and clear. Battery life seems good and comes in nice unique case.
    These headphones are amazing! The fit is so comfortable & discreet. It comes
with different ear bud sizes so you can find your perfect fit. The sound quality
is amazing as well. Highly recommend!
    These are some good quality earbuds for the price. Try them and find out.
    Love that the case is compact and slips right into my purse pocket. And of
course, great sound quality. Attractive packaging and product.
    These headphones are worth every penny I spent. Absolute convenience and
always having the ability to charge up other devices has been perfect. Good
build quality.
    Good sound and good quality
    Decent sound but after less then a year they only hold a charge for 20 min
before I have to plug in to recharge.
    Great product.  Awesome quality earbud.  Better than those expensive ones
which cost $100 and over.Strongly recommend to everybody!
    Very nice earphones they stay on good!
    I would definitely recommend these ear buds.. The sound is great! They stay
perfectly in your ears! The battery life is great... Definitely a must buy!
    I love these headphones. Great sound quality and exceptional service.
    The earbuds are so comfortable, and it stays in place. The sound quality is
very good.It is an excellent product with this price range.
    Does not pair anymore. Unable to reach provider. Instructions no help.Will
not recharge anymore after only 4 months.
    I got these so I can work out without getting tangled in wired ear buds.
Works perfect! Sounds awesome and the case is even better
    Perfect fit. Comfortable. Good batty life, and case stays charged for a long
time. Earbuds can be used separately which is perfect. Awesome ear buds. Highly
recommended!
    Love them fit great
    Bought for phone calls, everyone I called couldnt hear me well on the other
end like I was underwater.
    I have tried out at least 10 different kinds of this type of earbud. These
are amazing. They connect quickly. They charge quickly...I will be ordering a
few more pairs!
    Bluetooth syncing quality was better than my day on headphones
    The ear buds are great!!! I use them when driving and during my son's
practice. All on one charge. Very easy to sync with my phone.
    Working great with my iphone or ipad
    These earbuds are comfortable and easy to use.  Good sound and battery life.
The case charger is very convenient as well.  Delivery was prompt and
communication excellent.
    Music but was a tinny sound.  Good for audiobooks
    Can’t keep them paired . One or the other cuts out after a couple of
minutes.
    Excelente producto la batería es muy buena carga rápido excelente sonido muy
cómodos
    Product came in used looking box—unwrapped.  Nope!  Applied for immediate
refund/return.
    These worked great for months, but recently the right earbud stopped
working. It no longer charges.
    sound not clear and so does the noise cancellation.  Talk life batter only
last 90 minutes and constantly drop calls
    Great product, exactly what I expected to receive and very happy with the
overall performance, battery life, and case it comes with. Sleek, light to wear,
and awesome sound!
    They were decent headphones at first but then they stopped pairing together.
You get what you pay for
    Works as advertised but the touch for turning off is very sensitive & turns
off too easily
    if you like the sound to come into your ears with no bass and all treble
this is the product for you!
    These earphones are extremely comfortable, and have a warm sound. All types
of music sound great through them! Definitely worth the price!!
    Don't waste your money.. broke after 2 months. Will connect to my phone but
won't play anything making them useless
    I'm training to compete in powerlifting and I work out 3 hours a day, 5 days
a week. These earbuds have more than kept up with that demand and I'm thrilled.
    It hasn’t even been a month and it doesn’t work. It will no longer connect
to my phone. Looks like it’s charging but never works.
    Easy to connect! (I'm not great with technology). These are super
comfortable! Besides music playing in my ear I forgot they were there. Has
awesome sound. Fit just right where they dont fall out running stairs. I would
buy these again!
    This earphones are great I have bought a lot of earphones that were more
expensive and sound like trash but this sound pretty good and don't feel like
there really cheap
    For the price, these are very impressive. I use them for work and they're
comfortable and sound great.
    Received this item and headphone DONT even work or want to connect
    I used these for less than 4 months before they broke. One ear bud is 10x
the volume of the other earbud, so sadly not useable anymore. I would recommend
buying something else as these just did not last.
    The headphones are awesome great quality and the sound is amazing . Very
comfortable and great sound canceling . Deff recommend them !
    Sound quality is really good.I was able to listen to music clearly with
background noise cancelling effect.
    Only complain is the range they have in the bluetooth.
    This product is much more than I expected. Surpasses what I saw on the order
page. Will be recommending it to my friends  and family.
    I used them to listen music when doing exercise in Gym and to make phone
calls all hands free. Very pleased with this purchase and would recommend.
    Highly recommend this earbuds. The sound is clear and its quality is really
good.Definitely the best option when looking for affordable price product!
    After about a week of use the left earbud lost some of its volume probably
due to reconnecting alot
    Just received and I'm extremely happy with my initial use and products
function.
    Amazing connection range, perfect for anyone with and iPhone and they also
work with other devices through manual connection by a button on the back.
    The charger really does last. Basically bluetooth earphones plus a compact
portable phone charger
    Great value. Fit well and I dont need to constantly adjust them while
jogging.
    I never write reviews but this time i had to this product is so great sound
amazing bass and amazing price omg sounds like $200 earbuds
    I almost returned this product. The little rubber tips they come with are
sub par. Once I swapped with tips from other headphones I love them.
    I love this
    Easy to carry and comfortable. Good earphone and it stays on no matter what
kind of exercise I do. Good quality!
    The battery runs out quickly and the connection is unreliable.
    Headphone work great after a while I got adjusted and their sound quality is
wonderful
    Overall very good for the price. I just started using them and while the
controls will need getting used to, they are rather simple and very convenient.
    Perfect
    This is my fourth generation wireless earbud device. The first two were
clumsy. The last one (Motorola) worked fine/durable but wrapped around my head.
Finally, the best sound in a truly efficient small device. I am thrilled.
    great battery life
    I like it but when I get calls, the caller can't hear me. Other than that it
works fine when I'm working out.
    Están bien solo q aveses se salen de la oreja
    Bought as a gift.
    Initially really liked these but the sound is so low I can barely hear the
music over the noise of the gym. Very disappointed.
    The right ear bud stopped connecting to anything within 4 months of getting
this. Beyond disappointed, and the sound quality isn't that great
anyways.Wouldn't buy again
    Not great to chat on phone. Sound was clear but not very loud and the
charging station had a wobbly connection.difficulty at times pairing both buds .
Not quality but then again its a knock off.
    Terrible sound quality. Very disappointed based on other review.  I do t
want to use them.
    This product is great for my work environment. I was looking for something
that would last long. The headphones being able to work separately is a great
thing.
    I was just about to purchase the PODS for Android, then the reviews for
these caught my attention. Good sound quality for phone calls and music.
    Great headphones.  Purchased for my husband and he is loving them. Great
sound and fits perfectly in ears. Easy set up. Very happy with purchase and
overall quality.
    While sound quality and noise cancellation are not great, the battery life,
utility and value are there. Would recommend
    Love the earbuds! The sound quality is fantastic, the noise cancellation is
great, and the battery life is probably my favorite thing. Extremely recommend.
    The pods last for around 3 to 4 hours but the charging case lasts for about
a week. The only con I can think of is the mic, most times people wont be able
to hear you.
    Great wireless earbuds.  Comfortable and great sound quality. Probably gonna
get more for the family.
    Like that they noise cancelling. Can cut the yard or go workout and don't
have to worry about them coming out.
    The ear buds work great. Maine has just become a hands free state, so the
purchase was the right thing to do. Thank you
    Returned the product. The earbuds didn’t pair with each other.
    Occasional latency
    This is a good product if you don’t want to spend a fortune on airpods
    These wireless earbuds are perfect for my runs! They sound great, are
comfortable, stay in, and have a long battery life.
    Could last longer battery wise sounds great except a few cut outs noise
cancelling is great but still could b better
    Slip outta ear
    Love these for the gym. No cords to worry about getting caught in. They stay
in place while running
    Fue un gasto perdido no m sueñas los 2 auriculares solo uno estoy
decepcionada de a ver gastado en algo k no sirve
    I've tried several wireless earbuds and these have been the best. No cutting
out, noise cancelling. Very happy.
    so comfortable and love all the different rubber tips for comfort!
    Pair easily and fit perfectly. Love the product. Recommend.
    I bought these earbuds for my husband -  He uses these when he runs.  He
says these are fantastic and work great!  I will purchase again for my sons, as
they are way cheaper than apple and work well!!
    Excellent sound quality, Bluetooth range, and battery life. I’m planning to
purchase another set for my girlfriend
    Very nice but to talk on the phone is no good
    Best wireless ear buds I've used! I primarily use them for hands free
calling in the car. Great sound quality and noise cancelation.
    My only complaint would be the battery life. After 3 hours of play time, the
earbuds start to lose life. So, make sure you carry the charging case with you
as well.
    I loved the battery, its long lasting and the size of the earbuds is
perfect. They are very confortable to wear and the quality of the sound is
great.
    Excellent sound quality, very durable and use them often while working out
or watching YouTube videos at work
    I am by far so pleased with these. I did read a ton of reviews who felt the
same way before I bought them and I am SO happy I did. They are awesome, my
husband LOVES them!
    Main reason for purchasing was for being sweatproof. I have run with them on
very hot days and they have hold with my sweat.
    Sound quality was good they work great I shower with them np. They dont have
any bass. I dont really like the bass personally but for some I know that's a
downside
    After a week of use volume drastically decreased to where you could not
barely hear it
    Only thing I didn’t really like was the battery life. It usually lasts about
3 to 3.5 hours but other than that they’re pretty decent.
    One earbud stopped working after only 7 days
    I purchased these for traveling. They work well with my iPhone and are a
good fit.
    I use it at work and it was a plus for me. Don't have to worry about
carrying around a charger all day.👍🏿
    Great headphones so farFor the price music quality cant be beatBluetooth
connectivity has not been an issueI recommend especially for price
    I bought these for my boyfriend because he has small ears. He said they fit
nicely in his ear and has good bass. They don’t fall out when he moves around.
    This product was amazing. From the great deal to the actually awesome use of
his product these earbuds are more than what you pay for.
    Right ear bud stopped working in less than a month. Too late to return.
Otherwise a good product.
    This product is better then I thought it would be. They don't fall out and
the battery has a good life span. I would buy them again for sure.
    These headphones are great value - good connectivity and suction into your
ear so they don't fall out.  Best of all, they sound great even while running!
    They didnt even last two months!! Left ear just completely goes dead even
with it being fully charged. Cant even return because the window for return was
only a month. I am completely dissatisfied with this product!
    Spent 2 hours getting a rubber pad from the left ear bud out of my ear
canal, since the people who made this piece of junk shaped them in a way that
they were destined to get stuck. Sound quality isn't bad but this thing getting
stuck in my ear makes this product utter trash.
    The product is simple to charge and works really well. Bluetooth connects
very fast and the sound quality is good. I am satisfied with the product!
    I’ve only had these earbuds for a few days now, but everything is working
great so far.
    This product sucks if you are not holding your phone at all times.  I bought
it for workout and it skips all the time if I put it in my pocket. If I hold it
out it is ok but what's the point???
    Great product, nice company to work with
    These earbuds sound great, with just enough bass.They paired easily.They
also broke after a month.
    I bought the product based on good rating and reviews but this is a pc of
junk. It disconnects so often even when I am right next to it. I wish I had not
wasted my $40!
    The sound in the left earbud stopped working altogether. Sound quality is
not as good as I thought. Need a replacement.
    Love that you have a choice to listen to just one instead of both.
    Good
    The sound on these earbuds is very good for the price. To top it off, the
customer support was flawless. Responded within minutes and provided me with
video's when I could not sync both earbuds.
    The controls work well - you can pause, play, skip, activate siri, and
change the volume. This is uncommon on similarly priced headphones.
    I wish they had better bass but they really cancelled noisy rooms well
    Battery lasts a long time as long as you are using it only to charge
headphones.
    I love this product
    Lost the right piece, but since the warranty insured the headphones they
were able to send me a replacement, the response on the email was timely and
nice.
    The sound quality is good and the touch functionality is really nice and
convenient.
    I love these earbuds their loud,lasting, and durable.
    Only one earbud would link to the Bluetooth at a time. Both of them links,
but not together. So you can only use one earbud. So disappointed!
    The Psaonomi buds are easier to pair than other earbuds I have used. The
sound quality is good and the Pasonomi company is very responsive if there is a
problem.
    These wireless headphones are excellent! The sound is great and they fit
really well at the gym. I highly recommend!
    initial pair that we received stopped working within a couple of months.
Unable to hold a charge.  However, the supplier sent a replacement pair that
work effectively, as advertised.  Supplier was apologetic and eager to correct
the problem.
    Great product for the price all around. Convenient features and solid choice
if you're looking for true wireless earbuds without breaking your wallet.
    Perfect product
    I have using this earphone for over 5 month and the the quality of your
phone is amazing. It was have great sound when you use it. It is one of the best
earphones I ever used
    Works really well! Sometimes the sound drops off one headphone
    Worked excellent for about 3 weeks. Now battery life barely lasts 4hrs,
product randomly cuts off and restarts in middle of phone calls, unreliable mic
pickup and volume...
    I love that you can charge your phone with the case.The bass is good and the
sound quality is perfect for me. They fit in my ear perfect
    Worst earphones ever
    The earbuds are very worth it for the price. The sound quality, battery
life, and design are very good and I don’t regret spending $50.
    Quality sound is good.  Fits good and keeps on place.
    Hard to adjust sound
    Overall great set of pods. Can pause music at the brush off a finger on the
pod for easy use. Great battery life and amazing bluetooth distance. Fantasic
product
    Sound quality is great! Could listen to it on the way to work and there’s no
distractions, really pleased with these! Airpods ain’t worth it
    My wife and I love these headphones and share them often. Only difficult
thing is reconnecting to Bluetooth quickly after someone else phone was already
connected.
    Just bought these and arrived today... unboxed it and tried it out and what
do you know it wont even pair the left to the right earbuds smh left side it's
good but the right side pairs on and off tried resetting them but still no luck
    Son loves these, got them for his birthday. Not the most feature rich set,
but great sound and quality build for the price.
    Great working headset, bluetooth pairs well, can get 3hours play time at
pretty high volume listing to music.
    Connecting is very easy and works as it supposed to be.
    i decided to give this product another try before just sending it back well
it works amazing. Totally recommend this product
    I was very happy with these earbuds initially, but after only about a week,
the left side stopped functioning properly. The volume is barely audible on that
side, and often not audible at all.
    Very good experience. Easy to use. The quality in sound and the product
itself are excellent. I encourage people to buy this brand.
    This product worked well twice then began giving issues. It wouldnt give
audio, didn't pair with each side, sound quality quality was awful constantly
breaking up.....you name it it happened.I wouldn't recommend this product.
    Cheaply made. Poor sound quality, particularly for the microphone for phone
calls.
    The sound is great, battery life is very good
    Good quality.  Decent battery. Very dependable.
    Awesome
    I liked the light weight and how it fit in my ear and the sound quality was
good. I didn’t like the battery life and that if you were walking or running
with your phone in your pocket or armband it woud cut out.
    I bought them for work, the sound pretty good, good enough bass, they last
about 3 hours maybe, easy to connect.
    These worked great when I first got them. However, they don’t pair anymore
to my phone.
    Could use more bass and volume.Battery is only lasting about 3
hours.However, for the price they're excellent.I would definitely recommend
them. Thanks
    Bought these for both my sister and I! They work great and the battery life
is awesome!
    Syncs perfectly, great battery life, great sound quality with surprisingly
good bass
    The noise cancellation on these earbuds is amazing. Sound quality is amazing
and these buds DO NOT FALL OUT
    I love these earbuds. Super easy to connect via Bluetooth and it has an
amazing battery length. Highly recommended.
    Easy to use, good sound.
    For $50 I’d say this product is pretty good but not the best, after a while
the sound starts to cut off and it’s harder to sync
    Good quality and easy to use. Love them! I was actually surprised at how
well the noise cancellation worked. Definitely happy with my purchase.
    The earphones a very good and comfortable. They don’t irritate my ears like
others. Highly recommend these
    Failed after 6 weeks.
    Received my earbuds, however they don’t work properly from the day I
received them.Only the right earbud works when synced to my phone. They do not
work together st all.
    Good price
    I never expected these to be noise cancelling headphones, so that's why 3
stars... On noise cancelling. They're nice headphones.
    Second pair in 3 months...haven’t had any luck with them pairing together &
batteries went bad on first pair after 60 days give or take...
    To be honest the sound isn’t that great with these EarPods. I’ve also been
having problems with them staying in my ears as well. From previous reviews I
assumed these were the best offered but I guess I was mistaken
    Good fit in my ears, decent sound quality and battery life.
    Do not like the fact that you can't power the device on and off.  Could only
get the left side to work.
    Received earbuds about 2 weeks ago, were working fine for about 2 days but
now the sound in the right earbud is soo much lower than the left one
    I like the battery life, distance from source, and rich sound. Versatile and
quick connect.  I use with my phone, PC, and TV.
    I am still using them today
    Had a minor issue, customer service was very prompt and helpful, sound is
great, very comfortable with extra ear pieces included,battery life surprisingly
good!!
    Really cool product
    sound quality, performance of headphones is great!  bummed that they won't
take a charge, won't stay connected to their docking station, and won't work
anymore.  you get what you pay for? back to shopping for earbuds again
    I like the way they fit in my ears. The sound is clear. I have been working
with the company to see if I can get another pair at a discount price.
    Love these
    It is a nice product, what l like is the sound and the comfort on wearing
them, l read some reviews about some customers complaining that they can't hear
the person they are talking to, but they can hear me. The only issue l found is
the battery life.
    It has good sound quality, but hard to use one at a time, and the right one
is broken no longer plays any sound.
    Stop to order for more that's how good they are I can't beat the price
    I have tried a few different manufacturers of earbuds... but these are the
easiest and best sounding that I have had.  Awesome product.  Highly recommend.
    Great product for the price.  My ONLY complaint is that it’s so easy to
pause or start your music due to accidentally touching the side of the bud.
Other than that though, they are great!
    They both stopped working after 2 days of owning them will never recommend
this to my worst enemy
    Would purchase again.
    Useless won't stay in my ears
    Extremely easy to use, great sound quality
    Decent pair of headphones especially when coupled with memory foam ear buds!
    The size and weight of the ear buds are just right. The sound is great. I
received this as a gift and will do the same for someone else.
    I cant hear anything but the smooth music and the bass of 1000 drums in my
ear. Oh I'm only on half volume. These are great and easy to connect!
    I use them while exercising. Sound is great, they stay snuggly in my ear,
simple to pair and the battery life is sufficient.
    they look great, are very convenient, sound great, feel great, and very
reasonably priced. But I am more than satisfied with its sounds quality and
noise cancelling.
    Love these headphones. They fit nice and snug but don't put to much pressure
on my ears. Although my first pair had one bud start to fail, they replaced it
very quickly!
    Great sound from these earbuds. I love that they are wireless. This is the
first pair of wireless headphones that I’ve had. So far, I am really enjoying
them.
    I loved these little earbuds until the case wouldn't hold a charge after 3
months. Total bummer!
    I like these better than my Bose.
    problems with unbalanced volume - Pasonomi is working with me.I've had these
for a few months.
    Still trying them out but so far so good. Fits nicely to the ear and case is
small enough to fit into a pocket. Sound quality is very good.
    Sounded nice but the case u charge them in quit charging one. They will not
honor year warranty. Buy at your own risk.
    Great fit! Great sound! Look great! Disappointed by longevity... Right bud
stopped working.
    My husband wears these when he runs and likes that they stay in place. Great
sound quality too.
    good earbuds. very eazy
    This bluetooth earbud is amazing. And I was able to charged my phone so many
time.
    Like
    Like
    Really nice product, quick pairing, nice deep bass, comfortable to wear,
good phone call quality.
    Terrible the right one just stop playing after having them 2 months.
    Good
    These earbuds are amazing! They fit comfortably. The sound quality is
fantastic! The charge life is really good. Would definitely recommend to
others!!!
    it was a gift
    10 months with very lite usage and left earbud is muffled to about half
volume. Need company info to contact for 1 year warranty
    Perfect for me
    After a few months one of the earbuds just quit working. Worked fine till
then.
    The right ear stopped charging after less than 1 year
    It's a pleasant surprise that they arrived in pretty neat packaging, and the
earbuds are of great build quality
    Wish they were louder, but like them otherwise
    Very pleasantly surprised by these!! I would highly recommend over any other
high dollar set! And I love that they charge in their own case!
    After having the earbuds for one year, the left bud quit working.  The
warranty is only good for six months.
    Fits comfortably in the ears. Use them for working out and I don't have to
turn them up super loud to cancel out the gym's music. Easy to set up and
connect.
    These earbuds are amazing quality for an amazing price. They have great
sound quality and are very comfortable.
    I love them they fit great, easy to hook up. Slim so they arnt bulky,  loud
and comfy. I use em every day. Would buy again. Way better then my samsung and
airbuds. Highly recommend
    Awesome deal
    My right channel decreased in volume significantly and now I can only use
the left earbud.  I would be fine with this product if the support team would
respond to my inquiry but they haven't.
    Clarity is excellent
    Sound is soft and tinney... and a real pain to sync.
    Doesn't block ambient very well. Comfortable fit and paired instantly with
my phone.
    Like the rechargeable case/batter pack, however the headphones themselves
only hold a charge for about 2hrs
    It was hard to pair with blue tooth device
    Love these earbuds! I was a little skeptical if they would slightly fall out
of my ears during long runs/workouts and I can assure you they do not! I have
zero complaints.
    I was skeptical at first but I couldn't beat. Product came in excellent
condition. Audio quality is crisp.
    Love the sound!
    Works great. I use them daily while working.
    My husband loves his. The noise canceling works well even when he’s working
with loud equipment. Being able to charge the phone from the case is also great.
    Love these wireless heads phones. Extremely comfortable to wear feels like
you are wearing nothing .
    Decent wireless headphones but short connection distant and battery life
    Doesn't connect well to my s10, also only one works 20% of the
time...disappointed.
    These fit very well, are easy to sync, and have really good sound.  I love
these when I work out.  They stay in place too!
    Best wireless earphones
    Very easy to use, great sound, and fit well in my ears.
    Best earbuds I ever have. Really comfortable. It fits my ears. Also the
charger is fancy.
    I love these, they fit in my ear perfectly. The sound is amazing and it
doesn’t take long to charge. They are definitely worth the money.
    Great quality
    I had a question about the warranty of the product in case of any issues and
my concerns were resolved immediately.  I love the product
    Simply terrible earbuds.. Don't buy them!!I'm surprised why they have all
these good reviews!?
    Good product. The only issue I have with it is that it is very easy to
accidentally touch the sensor & it pauses the sound, but that is a minor
annoyance.
    It would disconnect sometimes and the battery life did not last as long as
it's advertised.
    It better than my image. It comforts when you take it
    Great product! Good sound and long battery. Excellent customer support when
required support! Thank you
    Really liked these headphones initially, had some troubles with them staying
in my ear while at the gym but besides that I really enjoyed them until about
two months in the charging part on the left headphone went out.
    I was surprised at how good the sound quality is
    I just is got them today and have used them sense I got them. Best earbuds
so far that I have had.
    Work perfectly, the sound quality is great, the battery life is great, and
it fits without causing discomfort.
    They have quite a bit of treble, not much bass compared to other wirelss
headphones in the price range.
    These things are hot garbage. The sound is awful. I got a refund but I had
to pay for shipping to return them. Stay far away.
    These are great when they work, but the Bluetooth connection is pretty weak.
More times than not, the connection is lost a few times durning one song.
    They are really easy to charge and pair, I like listening to music loudly
and these provide the bass and noise cancellation that I need.
    I love that convenience. They fit perfectly in your ear I use them at the
gym and have not had a problem.
    I had these for about a year. Didn’t use them heavily, so I am disappointed
that they stopped working.
    Sound quality isn’t that great, but it’s still a great piece for the price.
    Amazing quality, great sync to videos and they aren’t bulky. I definitely
recommend these.
    Just got these earphones and I love them. Great sound and noise cancellation
and they're comfortable. Would definately recommend.
    This was the easiest Bluetooth item I've ever paired.  The sound doesn't
have much bass but I use them mostly for podcasts where everything sounds
perfect. I would recommend this product.
    The product was outstanding and met every expectation. I would highly
recommend it especially for runners.
    A great set of earphones. The case is really handy and the touch controls
intuitive.
    Love the sound, works with both ears or just the left. Works great on my
walks, no connection issues at all.
    They work great. I Love them! High recommend. The customer service was also
great when there was a warranty issue.
    I use these for running at a 8-10 minute mile pace.  The pros are that I
love not being tethered to a cord.  The con is sometimes they fall out and it’s
annoying.
    good sound, good comfort, would recommend to every music lover out there
    I got these and so far haven’t had any issues with them. They sound great
    They worked amazing for a month. And now the left ear wont play any sound. A
little mad about that.
    Awesome
    Used for two weeks now, the quality of the sound is really good. It’s a good
substitute for the Apple ones.  Worth way more than it’s price. Highly
recommended.
    Make sure you use the correct size of the ear gummies! It makes a huge
difference! I love these very very much!
    Welp. Worked just long enough to get past the return date. 60 days later and
right ear won’t charge when in the carrier. Guess I should have bought the $4
2-yr extended warranty.
    the sound is good. They fit well. Phone calls work great. Charging is easy.
Pairing to phone was quick.
    Great battery life.  Sound is very clear.noise canceling is pretty good.
Charger pack is a great bonus!
    It took awhile to figure out the instructions but figured they work well
    Hard for other people to hear me. Noise cancellation is not good. You can
hear all the other sounds, cars, people..etc.
    I love these! They are super loud! I can't hear a thing while have them in!
And I love the charging protective case!! So useful! Worth my every penny!!
    Great earbuds for the price.
    Great until  stopped taking a charge after 1 1/2 months....
    Awesome headphones. Easy set up. Long lasting charge. So convenient!!
    Love these earbuds!! These are perfect for my long runs because they don’t
fall out and the sound is good. I highly recommend these!
    Very convenient headset. Great for places where phones are not allowed lol
just cover up with your hair
    I just used them for the first time at work today and they were great. I
couldnt hear a thing and they still havent died yet.
    These things are amazing, stay in your ear as I workout, and the battery
charge is pretty reliable. Great order.
    Bought these for my husband. He loves them!
    Worst product I've bought yet.
    After a week only one site works. Il try all type and the left site alway
falls off.
    Really good for the price, especially the sound, but the battery runs out
pretty fast. Needs to constantly be charged.
    Great sound, somewhat noise canceling and very comfortable, even for small
ears.
    Product came in well packaged. I use them for work and mowing and I couldn’t
have gotten a better deal for a good price!
    Fits in my ears perfect don’t fall out or anything.
    They work as advertised.
    It Was really fast use the earbuds, I liked them a lot!!
    Great buy for the money. I'm not sure why anyone would buy Samsung buds or
Apple buds besides the status symbol.
    Great ear buds! Highly recommended.Awesome sound and fit wonderfully
    The headphones are decent. I "won" a refund on the product but never
received it. Just got the run around.
    The power bank lasts a long time, but the battery life of the actual
headphones is kinda weak but I still recommend them
    Cannot use for work purposes as there is no functioning mic.They are fine
for the gym but are not dual purpose and will not work for any type of call
    Meeh. After 6 months, lost its quality, after 1 year completely dead
    Excellent customer service. Had a small problem. They got back to me within
24 hrs.  Earbud sound quality is very good.  Happy with product.
    Do Not Buy! They fall of extremely easy and it has a touch screen function
so if it falls off your pausing or unpausing it, and that can get annoying
quick. After having it for 2-3 weeks deeply regret buying them.
    These are high quality and easy to use earbuds.  Setup is simple.  I'm very
happy with this purchase.
    Nice sound quality, would be nice if I could use them longer than an hour
and a half. Very poor battery life :(
    got to sweaty and the left one went out
    Great headphones, I use them when I go jogging, they are super light. Sound
quality is great. Best wireless headphones so far.
    These are really awesome. They did link up quick with the blue tooth Sound
quality is amazing. I would highly recommend anyone looking for headphones to
get these. A+++
    The earbuds fit really well, stay in while running and working out and sound
good. Battery life has been really good so far.
    The first pair, the sound went low in one ear, but the customer service was
excellent and I received a replacement pair in 2 days, and so far I haven’t had
any problems so far with this second pair
    Returning item. Only used twice. Every other time I attempt to use it I
cannot connect them to Bluetooth.
    Good product for the money.
    Didn't realize how much I needed a pair of affordable bt earbuds...
    The ear phone buds are easy to slip through fingers (gripping is poor) or
slipping off during a shower. On/off is too sensitive and an unintentional touch
would turn it on/off. Battery life is not as long as vendor claims.
    Works great. Fitment is excellent. Stays in my ear even during workout.
    Fantastic product, love the feel and the sound quality is great for the
price. The control pad works pretty well.
    Long battery life!, Amazing Sound.  Love the storage and charging case!
    Nice but the audio keeps cutting out as I move head around. Pair nicely with
my phone though, one ear bud or both at the same time.
    I use them for running and while working. Great fit, great sound, and GREAT
battery life.
    The sound quality is great and the earbuds fit comfortably! I'd highly
recommend them for anyone in the market for wireless earbuds.
    These are great earbuds! The fit is really nice too.
    The ear buds are fantastic! The most comfortable buds I have ever worn!
Great sound quality and easy control on the buds themselves.
    Batteries last short time but is great for proce and works very well
    Does not cancel  noise and poor sound
    I dislike how after a week the one on the right will not connect to my phone
any longer
    The Bluetooth is very sensitive
    Great headphones. Waterproof which is great. Battery is great too. Touch
sensitivity is a bit high
    la calidad para las llamadas  no me muy  buena , porque te oyen con retraso
tus palabras . gracias
    It's really nice, the sound is clear, and I don't fall off when I'm working
out or running, and I love it.
    Excellent sound quality and battery life. Very helpful customer department.
Would recommend to anyone.
    The fit is outstanding. Sound clarity is good they seem to work well in the
environment I work in. Would definitely recommend.
    The right side ear bud stopped working and can't even get it to work anymore
a waste of money don't buy this!!!
    I loved the sound of this product. The battery life is awesome. I am very
excited to have these headphones.
    Sounds good, works great!
    Love it. Works great beatifull sound and great customer service
    I was able to connect to my phone easy. I'm not allowed to have my phone out
at work but I can use these to play music while I'm working and no one notices.
    I love these earbuds!!! Work great with any task and fit in your pocket
easily and can charge my phone to full.....TWICE.
    Solid pair of buds, lots of recharges on the battery, I can get almost a
full charge on my s7 off of battery.
    If you have a long hair, don't buy this! It keeps on pausing whenever my
hair hits the earbud while walking. SO ANNOYING!
    Very good product. I am satisfied and it is what I expected it to be. I
recommend everyone to try it.
    Just make sure you keep your base charged up so you can take it with you
just in case they go dead. This feature is great!
    There is excellent sound quality. I had some connectivity issues, however
their customer support was amazing and I had it figured out in no time.
    Worked great for about two months... at that point the left earbud's volume
started decreasing with every day. It hasn't been three months yet and I
essentially have to listen with only one ear bud.
    These ear buds are awesome! They fit comfortably in my ears. The sound
quality is great. Definitely worth the price. I bought two!
    Sound quality is not good in places outdoor. Also the buds are very
sensitive and calls disconnect just by a touch. The sound on both ear buds are
different at times and cause poor sound quality.
    So far worth every penny, No complains would buy again!
    This earphones are really amazing and of good quality. I strongly recommend
this product. Sound quality is nice and the battery lasts for hours even after
continuous use.
    These died on me completely. They won't sync or charge anymore.
    Disappointed. Used twice and they are  terrible. Take forever to connect and
sync up. Poor quality sound. Return window closed and now I am out $50.
    Great ear buds, for the price they can't be beat!
    Use these every night at work, they are wonderful!
    They never fall out of my ear and the rain doesn't affect their performance.
I haven't found any complaints yet.
    They both worked for about a week now only 1 works waste of money
    Pesíma calidad de sonido.  Suena fatal, no tiene nada de bajo, todo es
totalmente flat. muy decepcionado de esta compra. no se lo recomiendo a nadie.
    Great for listening to music when working out. But would not recommend for
phone calls
    These earbuds are great! from staying in place to good sound quality. Not
much else you could ask for at this price range.
    Horrible pair. The right one went almost completely out after one month. I
barely even used it in the gym and now I can’t return them. Totally a waste of
time when only one produces consistent sounds. I should’ve paid more for a real
pair.
    Worth the price
    Used this product for workout and only worked for a week now it won’t charge
! Really disappointed
    Esta bonito el diseño, me encantan, y funcionan muy bien. Buena calidad..
les doy 5 estrellas sin duda... exelente..
    Not very loud but a great little set for working out in the gym or going for
a run. They definitely stay in your ears!!
    Won't even work for an hour after a complete charge. Money down the drain .
    This bluetooth, is simply garbage. The battery is dead after 1 hour user,I
don't recommend this item!
    High quality sound, long battery, lots of charges from the case, and they
don't fall out.
    Wanted to use this for business calls since I work remotely but they never
worked properly and the sound was terrible. Yuck.
    Earbuds broke within oneday I received these yesterday and they worked well
but this morning they did not want to pair to each other it's know 4 still can't
get them to work I'm returning them
    Truly horrendous sound quality. Just while walking, the volume in each ear
will randomly fluctuate, sometimes cutting out entirely. Not particularly
comfortable either.I would not recommend purchasing these earphones.
    Very nice quality earbuds.Also after lost my earbuds accidentally. Pasonomi
is going to send me a new replacement for the lost. Love them
    Awesome earbuds but I have to speak a little loud for the person on the
other end of the call to hear me.
    Light, excellent sound, waterproof, Highly recommend to anyone looking for
upgrade in sound quality, better than my beatz
    I wish there was a size that fit my feminine ears better.
    Love them. Great sound quality and comfortable.
    Got these a couple of months ago, they work pretty well for me. Can't
complain, and at a very affordable price point!
    It works amazing the first 3 months and then it somehow just stops and acts
like one of those earbuds that you buy at Dollar tree for a dollar and
surprisingly it doesn't work
    Easy set up, and sounds good, instructions included..
    I just got them and so far they’re working great! This a a great alternative
to AirPods
    Small and compact. Fits in the ear perfectly. Excellent sound quality. No
issues with pairing or charging.
    After about a week of use, the left earbud stopped working. It still plays,
but I have to turn it all the way up and can barely hear it. Maybe I just got a
bad pair, but it is NOT working well for me.
    These earbuds came recommended by 2 different people so I figured I’d try
them. Very reasonably priced and easy to use.
    Muy buena compra
    Left bud quit charging and now it will not connect to my phone.
    Bought this as a birthday gift to my friend, he likes it a lot, now I kind
of want to get one for myself too
    Great Bluetooth connection and good battery, not great design. Not
comfortable in your ear and don’t sound great.
    Great for voice (podcasts, etc) Music okay but weak on bass.
    They fit nice and are easy to use. Wish the bass was a bit better but
overall decent headphones.
    Son bonitos
    Pros.  Battery life is great.  Great design for best fit.  Charging case for
ear buds can also charge your phone.Audio quality is A1.
    They started working fine but now lift side is quieter than right side and
there is no adjustment. Tried resetting them with no luck.
    Connectivity was good, no issues. Walked around my house and didn't lose any
sound. Used on the S10+, sound quality was great. Great product at a great
price.
    These are great earbuds!  And customer support is great!
    You guys are the worst!!!! It's a completely different buds from what's
shown 😑🤦‍♂️
    Great product, love the fit and easy to use!! They charge super fast in the
charging case and the sound quality is good too.
    These headphones are wonderful! The sound and quality of the earbuds are
better than expected, especially for the price.
    Amazing product. Cant hear anything when I'm wearing them. Easy to pair,
kinda weird when you just want to wear one. Fits in the ear perfectly.
    Battery life in the earplugs could be longer that way you could leave the
case in your car or at home
    I like how loud they get.
    My wife loves them.  Great reception and battery life. Easy to get used to.
    Battery Life is amazing. Sound quality is great just like the earbuds. Great
love this product
    Small and easy to use.
    Bought these for my son in-law. He says they sound great and stay in his
ears during activities.
    They have a pretty long battery life! The sound is just amazing and customer
support is really nice if you have any questions.
    Use these at work. I can only have one in at a time so being able to use one
and keep other on charger is great.
    It’s good
    Great option for the price
    I love the distance range these have! Far better than any other ones I have!
    I can’t here my music while driving lawn mower. It doesn’t go loud enough.
Also the buds hurt my ears after wearing them for like and hour.
    These seems to be made of quality materials but volume is weak and bass is
non existent. Trying to listen to music in a gym or any slightly loud
environment is awful. You get what you pay for.
    The sound is great. Fits perfectly in the ear. Comfortable to wear and the
battery life is amazing
    Best ear buds  I have ever owned
    Worked fine until about 80 days now one of the headphones just stopped
working, I would say its fine but I don't think they are made very well
    Perfect fit! They stay in my ear during workouts!
    One ear bud died within 35 days and it's the 2nd pair I've gotten. Can't
return after 30 days.
    They got messed up on the first day of me using them. It was raining outside
while I was riding my bike and the right earbuds got messed up. Definitely not
waterproof.
    I like how easy it is to use and it’s really convenient. Price is great, I’d
recommend it
    Worthless, way too quiet, and take a good five minutes to synchronize and
connect to phone's Bluetooth.
    There not good
    Great product.
    Great product I recommend to those who enjoy wireless earbuds that cases
charge with it too
    Its an amazing product!! Loved the charging case and very discrete for use
during work. Loveee love!!!
    I really liked the option to be able to charge my phone as well.
    First set of wireless headphones for me, I was very satisfied with the
quality, purchased a second set.
    Very satisfied and easy to use and setup. Sounds great and I can jog and
they stay in place!! great buy!!
    Quick delivery they paired simply, and have good sound, fit was easy with
the different size plugs and they dont fall out
    It broke down after a month's use.
    Worst wireless headphones for the price. People really need to stop
exaggerating in there reviews.
    Fits comfortably in the ear with good sound quality. The cas is small enough
to fit in a pocket and doubles as a portable charger. The earbuds can survive
rain
    This product was very easy to set up and use. Good quality and would buy
again as a gift.
    Broke to fast
    I like my new earbuds. However, they don’t cancel out the noise level around
you like my previous pair.
    I’m pissed. I paid extra money to get it here in 2 days, and the left
headphone doesn’t work.
    Very good quality, probably the best wireless earphones I have used
    Used at fitness center! Easy to use and pair up quickly ! I like them!
    , but you can find better...
    The earphones did not work,  I  am  sending them back
    A fair product!
    Love these headphones
    The headphones pair easily, sound great, and the case being able to charge
your phone is great!
    Good material. Good battery life. Doesn't fall off and good amount of ear
pieces. Nothing bad to say about it.
    Stoped working a week after. I try to get them replaced and nobody could
help me
    does not sync to my phone
    Great sound quality, I was pretty surprised with the quality. For the money,
it is great, I would recommend.
    Really good headphones a must buy
    Great so far I have for around a month
    I have to re-charge after two hours of use each day
    The best ones I ever got. Work and sound grate
    The most amazing customer support I’ve ever dealt with.And a great earbud
taboos!!!
    These headphones are very nice and sound very good, the battery lasts a
while too.
    Very comfortable, stay in my ears nicely, definitely waterproof great for
working out and doing any other activities
    For some reason the sound in each earbud keeps fluctuating.  One day it will
be loud in one ear and low in the other.  Vice versa the next.  I will most
likely be returning this product.
    Great sound for the money.Great fit as well.
    Love these ear phones, they fit perfectly in your ears, sound quality is
superb!
    they are so easy to use and they dont move out of your ears, i love the
waterproof is awesome.
    I don't know if left ear bud is defective or is suppose to be considerably
quieter than the right ear bud. I would say is only half as loud. Other than
this problem everything is great especially for the price.
    Long battery and charging case is durable. Withstood a few drops already
    Battery life lasts awhile, but connectivity issues
    I like these ear buds. Good price and quality.
    I can use both or one at a time! Sound good for a $50 pair of war buds!!
    This is an excellent product and very simple to set up. The sound is great
quality.
    I would have rate this headphones higher except for the fact that it keep
slipping off my ear while working out even after I replaced and tried multiple
earbuds it came with
    I love this product they are good quality and sound is great. Would
definitely buy again
    I usually have a hard time fitting ear buds because of my small ears. These
fit and stayed in place.
    The bass could be a little more distinctive but over all not bad for the
money
    Estan super lo recomiendo 100 x100% este articulo es super bueno comodo y se
escuchar Genial 5 estrella sin duda
    I wish the battery life was longer.
    Great value wireless headphones. Easy to pair. Very comfortable in ear fit!!
Sound quality is good, great sound watching videos and movies!
    They have been great.
    The battery life of this product is very short with ~5 hours of playtime.
If you are looking for the Earbuds with long battery life, this is not a product
for you.
    Advertising 72hr battery life. You have half a day at best.
    I think it s very fantastic product. Especially i can hear the voice
clearly, which is highly important for me.
    Sometimes not connected without any reason. You have to put it back to the
charger and restart... And latency for music app on cell phone can drive you
crazy. Sounds like ka ka ka ka ka
    battery time is 3 hours whats worse is the tinny sound these put out. no
bass no depth no vibrance
    These were exactly what I was looking for, great battery life, great sound,
and a great price!
    Easy to setup and use
    Work well. Stay in place nicely. Great sound.
    Absolute garbage. Doesn't sync, STAY synced and SAYS its "connected" then
cuts out
    Used them for a little while last night they are really cool, enjoying them
so far
    Good product...
    Battery is great. Sound is okay. Bluetooth cuts out sometimes.
    When i got these worked great .but  like with every thing that is cheap they
dont last
    So far very good sound and appearance. They are excellent with great sound
and stay firmly fixed in my ears.
    These earbuds are such high quality. They fit into my ears perfectly and are
hardy noticeable. I like it.
    My dad loves these! I got them for his birthday!
    I love how the headphones sound & the way they fit comfortably in my ears.
Battery life is not that good.
    Easy to charge and very handy
    They are nice, they fit comfortably. They do sometimes glitch in and out
with sound tho.
    The Bluetooth 5.0 feature is very quick and easy to use.
    Excellent
    These work great! I'm new to ear buds but love them already!!
    These earbuds are great. I have been wearing them like 90% of the time since
receiving them.
    Connects fast, good quality, and fits well!
    Bought these for my girlfriend for the gym and she loves them. I haven't
used them but she certainly approves.
    Listening to spiritual tapes and music on my phone
    I love these headphones, they are amazing for the price and fit and sit
comfortably in your ear. I highly recommend them!
    Battery life really short needed it for 10 hrs of work got 3out of it
    Item works good for music but it doesn't do a great job on noise cancelling
on calls.
    Good for the price
    Great
    Broke very shortly after buying. Cheap.
    The sound is great and the connection to phone is easy and fits in ear with
no problems wireless earbude
    Great for the office and the gym.
    Great value and good fitting product
    Great set of earbuds. They connect rapidly, fit great, and battery lasts a
long time
    Worked well for 5 months. Now, the left ear plug no longer work, the
indicator light just went dark. It just quit working no matter what.
    Love the quality and sound
    Overall great product have not had to charge them yet. sound is amazing and
very comparable to the major brands.
    Shipping was quick and quality appears to be very good. Sound is very good
as well.
    Way too big, turns off when I pick it up to put it in my ear and mediocre
wound quality
    Producto bueno, aparte tiene el plus de tener una batería portátil
    I love this earbud its amazing and the sound quality is very loud. Plus it's
very water resistant, worth every penny
    Other than constant connectivity issues the sound volume seemed to be really
low even at maximum.
    Sound is horrible. do not buy!!!  Absolutely no bass.
    Battery goes out quick, it disconnects for noReason
    The charge does not last long
    I love everything about the earbuds!
    Worthless. Not what i expected wanted. I was expecting better than this.
    Llego en el tiempo estipulado y tal cual las fotografías, excelente producy
    The sound that comes out of these is so clear for the price!!!
    The earbuds stopped working with music and any audio other than calls.
    Love these headphones ! Very long battery charge
    Great headphones especially for the price! As a runner I’m always looking
for wireless headphones that stay in good and these do!
    Great investment
    Great sound, good battery life and loud volume! This is the best value for
the price!
    The only downside (which I already knew would be a thing) is that they do
fall out of your ear as you use them and move around, so you will have to keep
pushing them back in.
    Absolutely love my new wireless headphones. Quality is great. I would
recommend to anyone!!
    Only the left earbud works and the battery life sucks.
    I like the fact that they stay in your ears, and they are pretty
comfortable. Battery life is good and the fact you can charge your phone from
the case is awesome!
    Honestly haven’t gone a day not using it.Sometimes it will break up while
you’re using it. Doesn’t last more than a few seconds.
    I enjoy this product because for the price it delivers good performance
    They pick up all the background sounds and send them to the listener.
    This is my first time to use wireless headphone.  I enjoy it.
    Great bang for the buck. They work great. No problems at all.
    It did not Stay Charged more than 1 hour.
    Needs a longer charger wire included with the product other then that
everything was smooth.
    Seem great so far
    Very nice product, battery pack as a case was a great idea.
    They fit well, work with my phone, calls, music, whatever, the controls are
genius and the price is fantastic.
    Great product and price
    Todo perfecto
    Overall, it's a good product for the price.
    Great product, great price.
    So far so good. Sound quality is good and they stay in your ears.
    Love em
    Great product.
    Got these as a gift
    Great sound for the money.  Not good for phone calls.
    It kept disconnecting my calls by the slightest touch of the airbus
    Great sound quality. Easy to use and charge.  I use these earbuds for
working out and watching movies. Totally awesome!!!
    Good overall performance and quality. I did struggle at first to get them
going.
    SOUNDS LIKE WIND WHEN I CALL PEOPLE AND THEY CANT HEAR ME NOT GOOD
    Sounds great. Easy to use.
    Excellent earbuds! Work great! Only complaint, I couldn't figure out how to
open at first. The side where USB plug is opening in side.
    I love that the head phones are small and fit perfectly in your ear! The
case doubles as a charger!!
    Great headphones for movies and exercise, especially like the touch sensor
for control.
    Great quality and value.
    The headphones are great, never going back to wired ones!
    Love, Love, Love these earbuds. They are very comfortable to wear.  Now I
can listen to music from my phone. So happy!!
    Stays in when listening to music while working out with it. Easy to connect
with phone.
    This product hit the price/quality curve perfectly for me. Everything works
great. I recommend it. Fits well in my ears.
    I'd rate it higher but the left ear bud got super quiet after 3 days use.
Basically non existent unless you use it by itself. Will be replacing these or
refund.
    These are so nice and rhey don’t fall out onceto put them in
    It's good. Comfortable and easy to use. The sound is not really good, but
ok.
    I use the ear buds in the gym to drown out other noises a that Im focused.
    It is one of the best set of earphones I have bought to date and I love them
    Very happy with my purchase, these are hands down the best earphones i have
ever owned.
    i use them because my volume on the phone is to low. its perfect with the
ear buds
    Just put them in. My partner and his friends are playing video games and I’m
happily listening to a podcast and can barely hear them! Haha! So that’s cool...
    Keeps dropping the audio
    Great fit, great sound, and fully wireless!  Love these earbuds for working
out and traveling!
    The charging case is hard to open
    Si me agradó y lo utilizo para la comunicación y escuchar musica
    These wireless head buds in my opinion is comparable, sound quality, to
apple' head phones. Great value.
    Great price, good sound quality, long lasting battery.
    Feels of heavy sturdy quality haven't had long but will see what they can do
for longitivtiy
    Pretty good headphones if on a budget. College costs money, these are good
for their price.
    The sound quality absolutely is one of the worst I’ve ever heard.
    Very cool design！Love it！
    Excellent product, as described
    Buen equipo. Excelente presentacion en su Caja.. y estuche.
    This is 100% wireless earbuds, everything is good. The only flaw is the user
is unable to adjust the volume through the earbud.
    Works great for price
    Good value for the cost. Noise cancellation could have been better but the
sound quality was very good!
    Works great, small and perfect to use while at work, look lasting battery
life.
    Honestly great headphones for working out can't really say anything about
the calling function.
    No noise cancelling at all.Sound quality is not good. Tinny rasping always
playing with the sound. Not worth it.
    I liked the small size and comfort.
    This earpiece is so quick to connect my phone and easy to use. button-less
    This is a really good product, the touch control is great on it, easy to use
and really good sound quality, 10/10 would buy again
    Arrived quickly, pairs easily, good sound quality!
    Great product for the price.Portable & easy to carry; great sound quality
and battery!If you wanted a stylish EarPods, you won't be disappointed by this
product
    I love this product it’s fits perfectly in my ear and the sound is so clear
and loud I will recommend
    I LOVE THESE HEADPHONES THEY ARE AMAZING!!!I find my self in heavy use of
these I love the finger print recognition and also love the portability of
these. Very easy to charge and awesome HiFi sound.
    I love these headphones! For the price you pay, this is such a good deal.
Love, love, love them!
    These were great but I bought them in February and now (April) the right
headphone is dramatically quieter than the left. Disappointed I paid $50 for
these and they crap out after 2 months.
    Awesome !
    Good!!
    The product worked as intended and paired well with my iphonesound quality
is good and reception is clear.
    Great earbuds, good sound quality, and exceptional design. I love that you
can use the case as charger for your phone.
    I love that they stay in my ear as I have a difficult time finding earbuds
that fit
    Great product! Small and fits snuggly in ear. Easy to use. Like the touch
pad.
    They earbuds fit and sound quality are great. Awesome value!
    I hate I can't take it on a plane but everything else about it was great!
    Volume too low. I use them at the gym.
    I bought these in December and they are already giving me issues. I can only
hear from one side and I already tried resetting like it said in the User
Manual.
    I love the conviences of the ear buds & their fit in my ears!
    Fits in ears well, and has good quality sound for the price!
    These birds are awesome they sound great
    I really enjoyed this product, but lost a right ear piece. Hopefully I can
get a replacement.
    Pretty good had my doubts on if they would feel comfortable or but its
perfect.
    The sound quality is amazing and it noise cancels everything as soon as you
put int the earbuds
    They cut out sometimes but there is nothing comparable for the price.
    Just as advertised. QualityProduct, nice case and sounds great!
    The sounds quality is great I have Bose headphones and they sound just as
good.
    These headphones are great quality! The sound is awesome and it comes with
multiple size headphone enhancers.
    I like that the product comes with different sized ear buds, as I have
issues frequently with them never fitting correctly. Holds charge throughout my
workouts
    Hard to use and expensive for what you get. Requires too much to get them
working properly I ended up staying with my old Bluetooth ear buds instead.
    They are awesome
    Everytime you connect, you will have issues. It does not connect
automatically. It's either a 30% it will connect or 70%. Horrible connectivity
technology.
    They look cool, sound good, last long, are comfortable and easy to set up.
    Great headphones with good battery and case. Just need better ear pieces.
    Honestly they are not worth the money. Battery life is horrible.
    I like it. I use it to hear music as well as for talking.
    I bought it once, and one of the earbuds just stopped working. I was offered
a replacement, but even this pair stopped working after a few weeks. Don't buy
it. waste of money
    Love these new ear buds, fit my ears great and sound is also great! Only
thing I’ve heard is that when u are on a call you sound far away...but it’s
Bluetooth!
    Sound quality is horrible, you can hear everything in the background. Feels
as if they will fall off anytime.
    The new set was easy to sync, sound quality good, and battery life as
stated.
    So far it’s been very good. Great sound quality and bass.
    Great product. Works as advertised. Love the fact that it has multiple uses.
    They say 72 hour battery life? I have yet to experience that I can get 8 to
10 hours on an overnight charge.
    Great earbuds! Good sound quality and the case charges the earbuds a lot of
time. Overall good product
    Hook to TV via bluetooth, unable to turn volume down on the earbuds.
    I highly recommend these ear buds great sound and fit..
    If you spend a lot of time commuting and listening to music. Without the
wires these are the ones for you.
    Way Better than the Popular Brand out there and the Price Is Affordable. You
Definitely Get what you Paid For.
    Good sound, not to heavy, good overall.
    Don't be fooled. Absolute trash. Awkward, poorly designed.
    How I like to listen to music it works wonderfully and I would definitely
recommend it.
    Great for work. I love how you can use them separately while the other one
charges.
    Easy to use, good fit, good sound quality, good batteey life. Really good
option.
    Only one ear bud worked. Got AirPods instead. Much better.
    It doesn’t seem to work correctly. It’s constantly disconnects from my
devices. I do not recommend. I will be trying to get my money back.
    Right earbud quit charging.
    All around great headphones, only complaint is that they feel like q-tips in
your ear at first (until you get used to them) and that the base is a little
lacking.
    These earbuds are amazing quick paring to any device that I own and the
sound quality is very good.
    Great headphones! Had no issues connecting them to phone first try. Sound
quality is good.
    Amazing quality, absolutely love it from Arizona. Great product!
    They have been easy to use, have good sound, and good charge.
    Sent as a gift
    Waste of money
    I really wanted to like these. they worked great for the first few uses.
then one earbud would not charge. otherwise the fit was good and the sound was
good to.
    I was never able to connect to my phone.. Tried on multiple phones..waste of
money
    Feel loose but do not fall out for full 12 hour work day. Comfortable, only
use one at a time and they'll never be dead
    I love these earbuds! I bought them for mowing the grass and they work
perfectly.
    they sound great but they fall out of my ears!!!!!
    for the price point works extremely well.
    I had a problem with the audio but the seller fixed the problem.
    Great product for price.  Seems to stay in ears well during activity.  Easy
to pair with blue tooth device
    I haven’t had these long but work really good. They don’t fall out on run.
Only complaint is music skips if only using one earbud.
    The product is really good, easy charging, the pairing mechanism is smart.
    Not worth $60
    These are great as a gift or for yourself, would and am recommending.
    Good sound, but it’s being two weeks and the right headphone is giving me
problems
    Excellent Bluetooth headphones. The charging case is awesome and it also
charges your phone.
    Sound is very low! Bulky case as well.
    Sounds amazing and never fall out. I'd looking for a pair it's a need to get
    Great for listening to music 🎶Not good for taking on the phone.
    Both me and my boyfriend have a pair of these. And they work great!
    I just got these headphones and they are amazing. Better than I expected.
    Great sound. Have a problem with the left ear bud staying connected to my
phone.
    I have 2 at home and they work wonderfully! This is a great gift item as
well.
    Does not fit well in the ears, even trying the other adapters. Battery
duration less than 3 hours
    The battery life was amazing. The sound quality was perfect. 5/5 would
definitely recommend
    👈👍
    They worked at first but they didn't last more than 6 months.
    Awesome product the sound is amazing !! Highly recommend for the price !!
    Work great. I use them daily with no issues
    Waste of money. Couldn’t charge the head phones
    Thank you so much to Pasonomi customer service. We had an issue with our
first pair not working and we were sent another set quickly and easily!That was
greatly appreciated!
    Starts out a lil glitchy but now it’s crystal clear and no blips
    Liked everything about itDislike there are none
    Came exactly as described. Quick shipping. Would buy again.
    I really liked these Ear Buds, they worked great for exactly what I needed.
    Awful, cannot keep a connection once you are 2ft away from device
    Good fit and long battery life!
    Absolutely loves this product!! It works great. I highly recommend this!!
    It hasn’t even been 2 months and the right earbud you can’t hear. Songs are
constantly going in and out. I really liked the way they felt and the size but
they haven’t functioned well since I got them.
    It's a product easy to connect, the quality is good.
    Use these for the gym & love them, no wires hanging.
    Worth it!!!!! Battery life ridiculous.
    As an avid earbud user these are very comfortable and the sound quality is
more than good.
    They’re ok for the price. Still don’t understand how to turn them off and
the sound isn’t spectacular but for $55 it does its job.
    Connection is very spotty. Sound keeps cutting in and out unless my phone is
very close to my head. Especially bad when my phone is in my pocket or I am
walking. Only works well when stationary.
    great earbuds..very good fit..stays in ear during workout..great sound
quality..good battery life..
    Good product for the price. I was very happy with this purchase. Would
recommend it to everyone.
    Sound is great
    Love them!
    Better than expected! Amazing quality and easy to use!
    Could not get them to pair at the same time had them for over a month now
and still won't work only one plays at a time
    Easy to setup and listen right out of the box. Comfortable fit and great
sound.
    I used this product as a gift
    Had ear buds for approx. two weeks, they work as advertised, quality
product, well made. I would buy again.
    It was too good product.Sound quality is too good.
    I like the style.  I dislike the noise cancellation
    This is an initial review since I just got them recently but so far they fit
really well and the sound seems pretty good so far!
    Solid product, served it's purpose as a daily-wear alternative to the
samsung icons
    The Earbuds work great, however after 5 months of use one of the connecting
sensors on the charging device broke off and there’s no way to charge that one
now!
    When on a call it's hard for them to hear me. But other then that unlike
them.
    I love these except for the fact that they won't work with my ipod.
    BEWARE!!! PIECE OF JUNK. SAVE YOUR MONEY.
    Sits very nice in the ear. After getting used to them you don't even feel
them, sound quality is really good and connects easily to Bluetooth
    It doesn’t cancel noise very well. The sound quality declined after 4 months
and within a year, only one earbud was working.
    Sometimes it failed pairing with my phone. In public space like subway,
frequent disconnection happened.
    If you are looking for some good headphones you should buy this one!
    Terrible
    Horrible product! Bought these for a pretty decent money and the battery
only lasted maybe three hours! Now they won’t even charge or hold a charge!
Worthless!
    Excellent earbuds. A must buy! You will be very happy.
    Earbuds are small and easy to use. I had a hard time pairing at first but
since then they have been great!
    You can't walk to far away from your phone or tablet
    amazing clarity, compact design. the case charges the earbuds! that is huge!
    The range isn't that good, my phone would be in my back pocket while I'm
walking and they still would cut in and out.
    Very good product!! I love it. Sound quality is superb!
    Highly recommended
    Dope! Don't know how I lived without good earbuds. Would highly recommend
    Pretty okey, good for the price.
    I have never been able to get them to charge :(
    It’s excellent
    I'm happy with this headphone.Quality sound. Rechargeable case is also very
useful.
    he chokes when listening to music and in the street loses signal
    I loved these earbuds, but after 5 days of use, the right one broke and I
don’t know why. I don’t know if it was a bad batch, but I don’t  recommend
these...
    Overall all a good product, I only wish the battery lasted a bit longer!
    Works great
    Like I said, they’re great
    Love these!! Bought them to wear on our motorcycle rides and they work
perfectly!!
    Incredible sound qualitySuper easy setupHappy customer for sure!
    One of the headphones would not charge.
    Hurts my ears after about 30min due to the size or fit.
    No one could hear me. I returned them.
    So sad really liked them  I thought these  would really last a lot longer
    Just wished the battery lasted longer
    I use them for running mostly. Sometimes the sounds cuts off and bounces
from headphone to headphone.
    The sound amazing.. The battery amazingThe noise cancelation amazing..But
there is problem with micThe other person difficulty  can hear u
    MUY BUENO . I LOVE IT
    I like them but they don’t stay in all the time. They fall out sometimes.
    Right side does not always pair
    Great sound
    Good
    Excellent product. Came exactly as described.
    Very good for the 50$ range good bass
    These headphones are easy enough to use, but after testing them out, the
audio quality is absolutely abhorrent. No bass whatsoever.
    It stays on while running and working out..Good sound quality..
    Only one bud works after a few months of moderate use.
    Totally not what I expected. played very low
    So far I am completely satisfied
    Dies after 2 months of usage
    Short battery. Low volume. They're not terrible, but other cheap brands are
better
    Use for running. Works well. Can become uncomfortable over time
    I was so excited to receive these, but very very disappointed.  There was
virtually no bass sound.  Definitely not true to the recorded sound quality of
my music.
    Very comfortable and nice sound quality. I would buy them again.
    Great earphones for the price
    Nice tool to use especially when youre working in yard
    It dont hold battery life at all..waist of money
    Unit was quick to pair, sound quality isn't potato level, worked 100% as
advertised.
    I doubt them at first glance but these earphones are great and easy to use!
    nice set of earbuds . . . just not exactly what I was looking for .
    They sound great and fit well,even during my workoutsWould buy again
    The battery life doesn't last as long as they say they do and I wish I had
dome more home work on them make sure you Google stuff befor buy it ..
    They just suck
    Disconnect from each other every few seconds even while fully charged and
you can hear every single sound in your vicinity.
    Good sound quality, good fit-they don’t fall out, easy use
    good sound quality and great carrying case
    Great product
    Easy to sync.
    Great headphones (when they work), but they just don’t last long. My current
ones don’t even connect to my iPhone through Bluetooth anymore. Now I have use
earbuds.
    Awesomesauce thank u love it already
    Good buy
    Excellent sound and work well in wet/damp environments
    Not comfortable. Left ear stopped charging 1 month after receiving. Poor
noise cancelling poor sound quality. Can only use together, not separately.
    Great fit. Sound quality is great!
    The best Bluetooth I have ever purchase.
    Stop working
    Nice product
    Solid product kinda snug inside a helmet but otherwise perfect
