    マフラーくらいの生地の厚みだと思ったら、普通のタオルみたいな厚みの生地でした。マイクロファイバーっぽい素材で吸水性も良さそう！一応水通ししたんですが、色
落ちしませんでした。とってもカワイイ柄で気に入ってるので長く使えるよう大事にしたいと思います♡
    安いし、次の日届くし、商品もめちゃめちゃいいです。吸収もよく、早く乾き、かさばらない。専用ポーチが付いていてぴったり入るのもポイント高いです。たたんでポ
ーチに入れたら、厚さは２㎝あるかないかくらい薄い。海、プールに持ってこいです。他の柄もあったら、柄違いで家族分買いたいな～と思いました。
    ユニークなイラストがいい！！大小２枚もついていて、お得です！
    プールに持っていく為に購入しました。サラッとしていて、肌触りも良かったです発送早くて大変助かりました！
    ホットヨガ用のタオルを探してました。かさばらず、持ち運びが便利です。洗ってもすぐ乾く薄さです。
    サメの柄で子供が大喜び。軽くて薄いながら、吸水性が抜群でとっても良かったです。乾くのも早くて、助かります。愛用中。
    可愛い
    大判の方が幅が小さい、二枚はいらないので、大きくしたほうが良い
    肌触りが良く柄も素敵で、とても気に入りました。
    タオルとしての機能はないけど！ジム向き。軽いし、かさぶらない。
    easy, very light, quick dry
    さらさらしてて気持ちよさそうですかさばらなちので旅行に最適だと思います
    とても軽くて便利です。カラフルで夏にぴったりタオルです。
    色合いが、華やかで、おしゃれ。吸水性が、高くて、砂もつきにくい。
    色が可愛かった。ハワイ旅行で利用しましたが、寒かったので、防寒対策で活躍出来ました！
    ペラッペラです
    自宅、旅行にも最高ではないですか。セット販売のデザイン増やして欲しい。今回７セット追加しました。大きいのは普段使い。小さいのは旅行で使います。小さいサイ
ズだけも販売して欲しい。絵柄も増やして欲しい。
    部屋の模様替えついでに机に掛けようと思い購入しました思っていたより厚手で触り心地も良く買って良かったですプリントが一部うまく出来ていなかったところ、染み
の様なものがあったところが少し気になりましたどちらも小さなものだし机に掛けるだけなので問題無いですが
    本日３/１２届きました。以前購入の品も名物はテロテロで薄く、購入する時にタオル地との話がテトロンの薄い品物でした。今回は重量を確認して注文、本日届き品物
を見ました。生地はポリエステルでタオル地では有りませんでした。只、重量感と触れた時の感じは物凄く良い感じです。良い品物を安く購入出来ました。有り難う御座いました
。
    ジムのシャワー、サウナで使ってます。軽いしコンパクト。バスタオルのフワフワ感や吸水性が好きな方は物足りないかも。
    マイクロファイバーで水の吸収が良くて、肌触りも気持ちがいいサメ絵もグッド！
    こちらのお店から清潔感のある丁寧な梱包で送られてきました。商品も吸水性の高いバスタオル＋フェイスタオルの2枚セットでコスパも良いです♪娘と2セット注文し
たのですが、娘もカラフルできれいと大喜びです！また利用したいです。
    軽くて薄い、しかも充分な大きさでおしゃれなタオルを探していました。皆さんの意見を参考に購入。とても良い買い物をしました！
    Great! I wasn’t sure at first whether they would be absorbent enough, and
they do feel a little unusual to use, but they work wonderfully! So thin and
lightweight too. The size is perfect for easily fitting in our bag for camping,
and they even wrap fully around my size 16/18 tall frame lol
    When I opened the wrapper I thought ooh these feel funny for microfiber only
had my cleaning cloths in microfiber and these are nothing like them but then I
had a shower and thought here goes but they are fab patt rather than rub and you
are dry so quick and they are still dry no soggy towels will be buying another
set.
    Amazing both came into this mesh bag I couldn't believe the size of them.
Fantastic absorbent microfiber material super lightweight  great for holidays or
just to keep in your car for them unexpected needs ... they are huge
    I’ve already purchased similar microfibre towel for my hubby & parents from
different brands. Bought from seller as loved the print & got in 2 pack; the
smaller one which I intended to use for my toddler.I’m pleased with the product
as the size is just right for a petite person like myself and the small one can
be used for face towel or during travel.
    I had these in my save for later in my basket for some time as I was looking
for a set of towels to take on holiday for my two little girls but didn't want
something bulky.These arrived and what I love is that they have their own little
bag. They are perfect size for my girls and they won't take up too much room in
the suitcase. They are not hugely thick, but that's because they are microfiber.
    I highly recommend these towels especially if you are travelling overseas.
They are not bulky to pack,dry quickly and the what I like best is that the sand
does not stick to the towels.
    Product of good quality. I have bought for my holidays, they are of good
size and very attractive design. Easy to fit in a suitcase, has resistance and
dry very fast. I recommend them.
    Excellent towel. We took them on our snorkeling trip. Lightweight take up
much less space than normal towels. Excellent drying you off after being in the
water and really quick drying. There are far more expensive versions which I
looked at buying but really happy I chose these has half the price but just as
good highly recommended
    Really impressed with the design & handy little bag they come in. Have used
this type of towel before so know what to expect when we use them. Just perfect
for the beach & travel etc. 5 stars well deserved.
    Due to weight limit didn't want to over load case with heavy tick beach
towels.  Bought 1 pack of the 2 towels but ended up buying another pack so I and
my husband had a small and large towel each.  Both towels are very light weight
.  Small towel ideal for rubbing down after swimming , also ideal of popping in
bag if you need something to sit on whilst out and about.  Larger towels are ok
for putting on sun lounger or on beach. Easy to wash out if needed whilst away
and dry quickly. Good value for money. Delivery was good.
    Bright coloured soft towels, quite thin but this is good for the beach
because it won't trap sand! Light and easy to pack into a suitcase! Good
product.
    Was a Fast delivery the towels are bright happy colours they feel great.
Like the little bag they come  in ready for my travels and the little thank you
note really happy with this product.
    Superb so I may even order some moreThey are so light weight you may want a
peg if using on windy beach days
    These towels are brilliant for a beach holiday! They take very little space,
are light and easy to just have in your backpack. I found them very absorbant,
taking no time to dry and easy to shake sand off.
    Good, I am like it.
    Sent back as I didn’t realise they were travel towels so very small (my bad
for not reading correctly)Come in a nice travel pouch and are lovely colour and
good texture
    Pretty towels, however doesn't absorb so well and takes way too long to dry
out.
    Excellent product.  I purchased for swimming and they are a good size and
very attractive design.  I would suggest washing prior to first use. Dried well
    Very pleased with these towels however a little overpriced for what they are
    These are fab! Dry you off quickly, the towels dry quickly & fold down
really small. Perfect for travelling, beach or even just a trip to the swimming
pool. Funky designs too!
    Brought do a present. A bit small for beach towels but good for travelling
as very light weight and compact
    Very good product. Worth it for holidays and travel. However, not suited as
a bath towel.
    great many thanks
    Great size for travelling with, great design, its good to have to two sizes
invluded in tje handy travel bag and seems to dry me and itself pretty quickly
    Absolutely Amazing came in a little bag so will fit in my little suitcase
absolutely perfect
    Yes it’s light.Yes it’s absorbent.Yes it dries really quickly.BUT...the
texture is very smooth (almost velvet like) which put the whole family’s teeth
on edge. We sort of got used to it but we’ll be looking around to replace them
pretty quickly.
    I’ve just got back from a short beach break away with the towel. It was
really light and compact, useful for carry on luggage. It doesn’t pick much sand
off the beach and has really nice colours. I think the size of it is perfect as
well
    Great super light weight Beach towels, I can't wait to try them on my.
Holiday next month.
    Not value for money
    Great for beach towels, if a little bit light and easy to fly away. Super
light for packing, good for drying and overall just a good solution.
    Perfect for travelling and really handy having two sizes
    Lovely towels
    Very thin and lightweight so had my doubts but just came back from a holiday
and they are very good
    Daughter loves it
    Very compact, very effective, dries quickly after use.
    The product is lovely and arrived really quickly. Only downside is they are
really thin but I think that is partly my preconceived idea of what I was going
to receive. Good for packing in a suitcase tho 😊
    Great to get In case
    Excellent
    Colors are beautiful and a the water is well absorbed.
    Lovely bright colourful towels that arrived quickly. Also came with a
storage bag which is very useful. Many thanks!
    Disappointed in this product.  No towel like properties whatsoever, more
like the material of a table cloth.  Was not what we were expecting to receive
at all.
    Brilliant
    Nice size quality good better than expected brilliant for holidays as so
light
    So happy with this made our trips to the beach colourful
    Pack of 2 and came in a zip case, even after washing they fold away to the
same size and go back in the zip bag, perfect for travelling and the beach.
    love the colours not used it yet, taking it on holiday with me
    Bought these towels to take abroad they are amazing super lightweight and
quick drying also are a very bright print so are easy to see on your sunbed.
    Was a gift
    Love the towels. Great service. Thanks so much.
    Lightweight and look good
    I liked everything about this product, used it as a beach towel, quick
drying, lightweight, very absorbent
    Horrible
    Great for the suitcase
    Fantastic product. Absorbent and lightweight. Took up no luggage space.
Highly recommend
    These really are excellent! Perfect for holiday light weight and absorbent
and eye catchinh too!
    Thought these would be ideal for holiday. Sadly very disappointed. Not
absorbent at all.
    Excellent product. Good value
    Life saver
    Great towels and nice designs.
    Brilliant
    Perfetto
    I am in love with these towels! So cheap compared to the super expensive
ones you see on Instagram but they still feel really good quality. The colours
are really nice and bright and the larger towel is the perfect size for sitting
on at the beach or park and it rolls up pretty small so doesn't tale up much
room. The sand just drops straight off it. The smaller towel is also big enough
for you to sit on and is perfect for if you don't want to carry the bigger one
around (like when I am dog walking). Both towels are a really cool design and
look very on trend, they are also super absorbent which I didn't expect when I
first took them out of the packet.
    Came in a lovely pale blue zip pouch, which I doubt  I will be able to fold
so expertly in again but handy. The pattern is on one side only, the other is
white. Pattern and colour really nice and bright. Smaller towel great size for
hair drying hair, not as yet folded the larger towel as wanted to keep nice and
tidy in the pouch for my holiday. Looks much bigger than the small one.
    Was really looking for some good quality, reasonably priced holiday towels
that were not going to take up loads of space in our suitcases or break the
bank. These are PERFECT... great size, lovely colours and exceptional quality.
(So good I don’t want them to get used!)They come in a little carry case which
keeps them all neat and tidy.Colours are just like the pictures and the print is
only on one side... not that that matters!
    This twin pack of large travel towels arrived in a useful zip top bag .They
are light weight yet dry really well .I will be taking these away with me on my
holiday as they won’t weigh much in my case.They are bright and cheerful to.
    These are great. I bought these for my daughter's school trip. I knew she
would be getting wet and muddy several times and she didn't have room in her
case for lots of towels.When these arrived I was sceptical as they were so thin
but also pleased at how soft they were. I was pleasantly surprised when I tried
them myself before she went to check that they would actually dry her. They dry
very well and are perfect for when you get out of the pool or sea.They dry
quickly too so no soggy towels hanging around.Perfect for her trip.
    Lovely colours on one side, and the size is accurate and useful. I didn't
expect the other side of the towels to be entirely white rather than also
patterned, and the towel is slightly marked, but it was nicely wrapped and
arrived quickly.
    Ordered these towels for my kids to use on holiday. I had previously bought
2 microfiber towels from a much more expensive brand which were great but didn't
want to pay that much for kids towels, so I opted for these and was not
disappointed. The colours were lovely and vibrant, so easy to spot around the
pool. They are so lightweight and took up almost no space/weight in the suitcase
which was a huge plus. The best feature however was the quick drying time which
is handy when you're on holiday and in and out of the pool etc.
    Excellent pieces of kit, these towels-small n light to pack, absorb loads of
water and dry in a very short time! One large enough for swim/bath towel, the
other small enough for a "hand towel" but still absorbent enough for after
swimming, just not enough to cover up with! Lovely bright design so they're
easily spotted, I won't be travelling with ordinary big fat heavy towels ever
again!
    I bought those towels for our trip to Crete and decided to test them out
before our trip - I liked the fact that 2 towels fit into small bag... Then  we
used them after a shower and described by some other buyers, they are not very
absorbent.... Also red color in both towels has smudged.... Not sure what to do
now as we cannot return them as we have used them....
    Horrible, felt like cardboard, took on holiday and threw them away on second
day, had to buy another 2 beach towels there, dont bother with them, very very
disappointed
    Nice looking towels but are very very thin.  I liked the idea of having a
large one as a beach towel to lie on and the smaller one for drying off.As they
are thin they do fold up very small for your suitcase and do not take up a lot
of room.
    I bought it for my trip away. They came 2 in a pack, both very lightweight
which is good for travelling. Very bright and stylish design.  I've had better
quality towels before, but these are very good for the price and you get 2.
Quickly to dry.
    I was was excited when these towels arrived before I left for my holiday to
Greece. I liked the colours, the size of them and the little bag they are in.
But trying to dry with them is not easy. The fabric does not soak up moisture
like other sports/travel towels I have had. They become very soggy and then do
not dry quickly. I cannot quite work out why. More disappointed as I bought a
set for a friend as a present too!
    These towels are really good for money. My daughter's use these for the
swimming, and they are perfect for putting in your kit bag. They dry you really
quickly and perfect for space saving in your suit case.
    Great for holiday or going to the swimming baths very small and light but
don't rub your self like you would a towering towel just pat you soon get used
to it
    I bought these to take on our family holiday and I’m so glad I did! They are
brilliant I’ve had so much use from them even at home, great for taking the kids
swimming, playing in the garden etc. They wash well and they are lovely and
colourful.
    Nice bright colours.  Lightweight and seem to absorb ok.  Will be trying
these out on holiday in September.  First impressions positive though.  Would
recommend.
    Lovely lightweight towels  didnt use them for getting dried on so dont know
what absorbency will be like. But they fit in my handbag in the bag they come in
    Used on holiday as beach towels, great as light and colourful, but not
absorbant. Used them to lie on but needed a proper towel to get me dry
    Beautiful bright beach towels. Extremely light and compact when folded. Very
easy to shake off the sand. Comes with a cute zip bag too. Very happy with the
purchase.
    Amazing. They absorb well and wash well. They're not soft and fluffy but
they're perfect for holidays / kids swimming lessons
    Great pack of towels, lightweight, great absorbency and dries quickly.
    One was medium & one like a t towel not impressed as description says large
!! I will want a refund )!
    Holiday abroad
    Functions as expected, nice patterns.
    I purchased these towels for our Easter holidays and I must say they are
very good , very light and absorbing and great for the sun beds,well pleased
    My son loves his towel and it's so easy to store. Washes well too.
    Lovely - this is a true microfibre towel - thin and lightweight
    Brilliant sizes.  Dry really quickly.  Look amazing!
    Fab towels, they're very fashionable atm!
    Great item, amazingly light and quick dry.  Take up very little room in
suitcase!
    Didn't realise they were 2 different sized towels but good quality
    Not great or fit for purpose
    So colorful and lively. Used this at the beach, it was standing out from far
apart. My other half found it easy to spot. I used the second one for my little
girl. Perfect pack for us.!
    Such a good towel! The thickness (or I should say thinness) may make you
doubt its drying power but it wipes the floor with any big thick cotton towel.
Great pattern and the 2 for 1 (a big one and a bigger one) is great value!
    It’s not a towel material ..... extremely thin and I am disappointed with
the purchase
    Il est rare de voir des serviettes en microfibres qui soient jolie et elle
fait partie des exceptions ! Relativement douce, légère et pratique rien à dire
c'est super ! Et encore mieux il y en a deux livrées (une grande et une petite
!), ce fut une bonne surprise :)
