    worst headphones for connecting to your phone or computer. not only is it
difficult to connect it also drops the connection randomly, i asked for a
refund/return/exchange and never heard back from the supplier. save yourself
some hassles and look elsewhere
    Me gusto mucho los audífonos. Son de muy buen calidad, son muy cómodo y la
calidad del sonido es premium. Cancelan muchos ruidos externos. Muy recomendable
el producto y el vendedor. Llegaron en 3 días hábiles en lugar de dos semanas
como publicado.
    Very happy with the sound and the battery life. Have had some people say
they couldnt hear me properly when outside talking to them, but this isnt a main
usage for me.
    I own a pair of airpods, but I wanted waterproof headphones that I could
wear while working out. I sweat a lot when running on the treadmill, so it was
very important for me that these headphones 1) were truly waterproof and 2) they
would stay put in my ears despite being very sweaty. I also have a hard time
finding headphones that fit in my ears--they usually fall out. However, these
were easy to put in my ears, and the moment I put them in they fit snugly. I
have used these headphones for running and riding my stationary bike inside, and
they have stayed in my ears! In addition, the sound quality is fantastic. I tend
to listen to a lot of EDM and bass-heavy music when I work out, and to be
honest, I think these earbuds have a better sound quality than my other
headphones! They charged very quickly, paired easily to my phone, and the
battery lasts a long time. Plus, they come with a nice carrying case, charging
cord, and extra ear tips!In summary, here are my pros and cons:Pros:-fast
charging, easy pairing, long battery life-great for heavy sweaters (they are
truly waterproof)-fantastic sound-stay put in your ears even when wet-handy
magnet prevents the cord from getting tangled-low priceCons-as they are not
wireless, the cord sometimes gets in the way a little bit-charging cord is a bit
short (but you could easily buy a longer charging cord)
    For sure, I wasn't expecting much from $20 Bluetooth headphones. in this
case, I was mistaken . I wore them for a complete 40 minute elliptical workout
while listening to some hypno sounds. The sound was fantastic. The fit was
almost perfect. I find that when you wear earbuds with over the ear clips that
sometimes they will irritate your ears after a while. I did feel a little of
this discomfort but this is also the first time I've worn a pair with over ear
clips in years. They provided true stereo with good base and background noise
was not noticable. When I finished my workout, during my cool down, I put on The
Doors; Riders on the Storm and I actually looked outside when the background
thunder started. Connecting them was easy and with a little getting used to,
managing the the small volume control is easy. I have not used them for
answering the phone but like most earbuds, I sure that would be easy too. On
these you short press the MFB to answer and hang up. I am impressed. I have now
worn these ear buds for at least 4 hrs a day since getting them. I am still
completely impressed that such inexpensive earbuds can work as good as the heavy
hitters for much less
    After having a pair of wireless headphones break after years of use I needed
a new pair. I looked around and finally settled on these. I wasn't too sure what
to think of the little "hooks" by the ear buds but after using them in the gym I
have to say that the "hooks" are not noticeable as even existing and the buds
are super comfortable. I put them in my ears and don't have to constantly adjust
them like I've had to do with other pairs I've owned. I also always had an issue
with these designs when I go to the gym where during a workout they start to
adjust and pull on one side and I have to keep readjusting and pulling them back
behind my neck but not these. They don't feel like they are constantly falling
out of your ears or off the back of your neck.They charge quick, last a while
and have really great audio. Which my last pair broke sooner so I could of had
these longer.
    I was in the market for bluetooth headphones, and this had the lime/black
color scheme I wanted at the best price. I wasn't expecting the quality for the
price I paid! The audio is clear with good bass. The headphones are durable, as
I have tugged violently on them when taking off my 40-pound backpack while
traveling. I've also used them while walking in rainy weather. I know people who
pay more than $50 or even $100 for wireless headphones. Stop wasting your money
and just get these. The only thing I have to say is make sure to charge them for
the full time required, as battery depletes quickly when you don't.
    I like the fact that they are packaged in a cardboard box that can be
recycled. There's a nice mesh bag inside for storing extra parts long term.  The
headphones were easy to pair with my phone and seem very well made with all
parts secure.  I did not test water resistance, but I see no joints where water
could seep in if they did get wet.  The two ends are magnetic and stick together
easily when placed around the neck.  Sound quality is good and they stay paired
with my phone for relatively long distances (like from the first story of my
house to the second story of my house.  In addition, they stay paired to my
phone when I turn them off.  I mostly listen to audiobooks and podcasts, so
can't say how they sound playing music.  The buttons work well and the ear
pieces (smallest size of the three sizes to choose from) stay in my ears
comfortably.  The battery life seems more than adequate.  I can wear them all
day and listen off & on throughout the day without running them down.  They are
among my favorite wireless earphones to date.  I will update this review as time
goes on, as I have only had these for a week.
    I've been using these earbuds for just over 10 days now.Overall impressions-
Nice Boltune Bluetooth headphones at a great price. Amazing battery life.
Average sound quality compared to similar headphones from different brands.I'm
only rating it 4 out of 5 stars because of the bright blue light on the volume
control button that flashes every 5 seconds.Battery life-I am SUPER impressed
with the battery life though. Much better than my previous headphones from
another brand (Anker, that were rated at 8 hours and the Anker ones cost
more.)CONS- The bright blue light flashes every 5 seconds when listening to
audio. I find it quite annoying. I've always used bluetooth headphones like
these mostly at night to listen to podcasts or music (I've also used TaoTronics
and Anker from Amazon). The bright light on these Boltune headphones is super
bright in the middle of the night and you would have to put some black tape over
it or something.I contacted the Amazon product support and they said there is no
way to turn off the blue light while playing.I've had other bluetooth headphones
that may flash blue, but not every 5 seconds.(Boltune Bluetooth Headphones, 16
Hours Playtime IPX7 Waterproof Bluetooth V5.0 Wireless Headphones)
    I've had many pairs of earbuds, some that I purchased not so long ago, that
are wireless. I just don't like the feel of the shape that most earbuds are, so
I usually prefer full headphones. However, I am sure glad I tried these! The
shape is so comfortable that I forget that I have them on. I included photos of
the earbuds on, the control for power and volume, and how they look facing
straight ahead. My hair covers the cord so that they are virtually undetectable
unless you're looking for them. The earbuds themselves have a strong magnet that
holds them together when not in use, and this has helped me so far with not
getting them tangled up. The package also came with extra ear pieces and a
carrying pouch. I would definitely purchase these again. I also feel that since
it has the attached cord, they're harder to lose than AirPods. I hope you find
these as comfortable as I do.
    When I first received these I was pleasantly surprised. They seemed like
they were well built. They fit my ear well and came with additional ear piece
sizes to fit any ear. It was very easy to pair to my phone. I only use these
when exercising and they did a good job staying in my ear while cycling.
Unfortunately after using it only 3 time they stopped working completely. At
first I thought I charged it incorrectly but after a second charge and
immediately trying to use them after the charge, nothing happened.I didn’t
expect these to be like high priced ear buds. I figured I could get a year of
use out of them. But only 3 uses within 2 weeks.... super disappointing. I have
sent a request for a replacement. Hopefully the next pair will last
longer.Update.... received replacement... worked great for about 8 uses then
wouldn’t charge... I expected them to last for maybe a year but 8 times -
ridiculous
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Initial reaction was wow!
These come packed in a little box and the presentation as it's unpacked is very
nice. They came with a little charge so the hook up to my phone was less than 20
seconds. I put on a drop bass instrumental song and was blown away. The sound is
as crisp and clear as my car stereo, maybe even more so. On the highest volume
setting there is zero distortion. The volume range depends on the source, for me
it was an online video website. The bass resonated in my ear ( I put an earbud
to one ear, lightly, as this is intended to be a holiday gift ). These are far
superior to other earbuds I've purchased at around the same price. I can't wait
to give them as a gift, I'm sure the recipient will be pleased. Will be
purchasing a pair for myself. Definitely my new favourites and highly
recommended. 10 stars!
    I really wanted to like these head phones, but they did not stay in my ear
right when I started running. Maybe it’s just the way my ear is. I believe it
could be the way they are made with the way they stick out. Maybe you will have
better luck. Thanks
    First, let me say what I liked about these headphones. I was really
impressed by the high quality feel of how they were made, particularly since
they are inexpensive. The sound quality was also very good, considering the
price. So, for those points, these are great headphones.Now, for the issues I
had:First, I bought these specifically for watching TV while I run on my
treadmill at home. I found that the inline volume control was too heavy, which
resulted in one side falling out of my ear while I ran. And this was after
changing the silicone earpieces to make sure I was getting the best fit
possible.The other major issue I had was with pairing. I was using with an
Amazon Fire TV, and have paired other Bluetooth headphones without issue. The
pairing process took much longer than usual and I found that after turning off
the headphones, I would have to go through the pairing process again when I
turned them back on.These two issues were both deal-breakers for me, so I am
returning them and hope my feedback helps the company improve their design in
the future.UPDATE: I have been contacted by 4 different customer service
representatives from Boltune, all offering to pay me the cost of the headphones
if I delete my review. That’s just sad that they don’t seem OK with receiving
constructive criticism. I gave a fair and honest review and I’m not going to
delete it. Other people may want to get headphones for running and would be glad
to know that these aren’t a good pair for that. Or if someone else has a Fire TV
they want to use with headphones, they may want to know that there’s a chance
these won’t work.Reviews are designed to tell the good and the bad, and the
average speaks for the overall customer satisfaction.To Boltune: If you spend
more time and resources on product development than desperate customer service,
you would have a better product that would naturally avoid critical
reviews.UPDATE: I was just contacted again by someone from Boltune's super
unprofessional customer service, offering me a gift card or replacement product.
These people really can't stand being given negative feedback.
    I listen to music about 4-6 hours a day at work and I easily got 3 days out
of these.  The SOUND was BETTER THAN EXPECTED.Passive Noise cancellation was
BETTER THAN EXPECTED.  These do NOT have Active Noise Cancelling (ANC).  ANC is
when a device listens to noise around you and sends an opposite sound-wave out
of the speakers to cancel the ambient noise.  "Passive Noise Canceling" is
nothing more than Ear Plugs or Ear Muffs.  These are "Passive", and it bothers
me when people post negative reviews because they don't know the difference
between Active and Passive.I believe the Microphone does have ANC, but it's to
help reduce ambient noise when you are on the phone, but if it does, it doesn't
work.I normally do NOT like things in my ears, but these are Very Comfortable.
You can twist them in your ear to allow for more passive noise cancelling or
twist them the other direction so you can hear whats around you better.the BAD:
The microphone is garbage.  People I call using these headphones say it sounds
like I'm in a cave, or they just can't hear me at all because a small breeze
sounds like a tornado to them.ONLY USE IS AS HEADPHONES, I do not recommend
using to talk on your phone.I would buy again, as long as they continue to
perform for at least a year.
    - Overall(7/10) It comes with modest package. Product is very light and
perfect for workout. Overall it is quite successful product. Sound is ok and
acceptable for gym.- Ear Fitting(8/10) It comes with two sets of s-m-l ear
fittings. The insert-able ear piece offers noice canceling which block sounds
from outside. The second silicon piece is for helping fit to ear canal and it
come with s-m-l. With two set of fittings you can manage favorable condition.
Wish each piece says its size, but not a big deal.- Design(8/10) Quite
thoughtful design. Electronic connections are pretty good, and has no showy or
silly decorative elements on design. My favorite part is magnetic function that
can go around neck.- Usability(10/10) iPhone user might be confused on this
function, but I love this UX. FF is with hold down volume up button, and rewind
goes with holding down volume down button. If you double click middle button,
that will call to someone that you called lastly. That's different with iPhone.
What I love is turning off and on function. It is quite solid UX.- Sound
Quality(7/10) volume range is not bad. But I was not super impressed on sound
quality. They tried to make wide range of sound from deep base to high pitched
sounds. But sounds are quite flat, and lighter than Bose or Apple headsets. It
is much more similar Sennheiser's electronic flat sounds. I'm not super happy on
sound but It's quite acceptable at the gym with flat EQ setup.- Price(8/10) $29
worth of wireless product is not bad, I assume.
    5/10: (~7w of daily use of replacement 1): device doesn't hold full original
charge and stopped powering on 2 days later. Contacted support via Amazon
messages for 2nd replacement.3/22 (~7w of daily use of original purchase):
device failed to power on 20 days after Amazon return deadline. Support email
unresponsive. Seller contacted, replied after i posted this review; replacement
arrived within 1 week. Hoping first unit was defective.Pairs with 2+ devices
simultaneously (plays audio from single device, but don't have to repair to
change paired devices). No complaints about sound quality (baseline static seems
common with bluetooth). No issues using device buttons. Waterproof through
shower. Charges by micro-USB B, but after a couple charges seems like the LED
turns off at half-charge. Kinda bummed that earbuds are snug but not 100% stable
while running (had to push 1 earbud in during run multiple times--would give 5/5
otherwise.
    The chrome color is sleeker than my previous black pair from another
company. The magnetic closure is nice so I don't lose them. The quality of sound
provides a deeper bass tone which makes music way more enjoyable. I can also use
these to drown out crowd sounds in busy areas, or my wife's snoring. I would
absolutely recommend these. I personally don't like AirPods, as these are more
comfortable and the price is affordable. Great gift. Oh, and they are
waterproof. I actually took them into the shower to try them out, no issues. Not
that I would shower with headphones, but I had to try.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      UPDATE 2 - I’m blown away
by the awesome customer service of Boltune. I reached out to the seller to check
if these headphones were under warranty, and they were! They offer a 12 month
100% customer satisfaction guarantee on their products and shipped me a new set
within just a few days! I’m back to running with these headphones and am so
happy. They continue to be some of the most comfortable headphones I’ve ever
worn. The sound quality is fantastic and I would absolutely recommend these to
others! Wow, they deserve all five stars!UPDATE - I bought these in December
(about 8 months ago) and today they stopped working. I was so disappointed! I’ve
ran everyday in these and have really loved them but not sure what happened. I’m
a marathon runner and have ran anywhere between 2 and 20+ miles in these
headphones each day and they’ve worked great!! The sound quality was good. They
were easy to use. They connected to Bluetooth fast. Unfortunately, they just did
not last for me.ORIGINAL REVIEW: I recently purchased a Garmin watch that can
stream music via Bluetooth so I bought these headphones per the recommendation
of a friend. I’ve ran in them several times and they work great. Syncing them to
my watch was very easy and straightforward (make sure they’re close to one
another – within 3 feet – hold in the multifunction button (middle triangle
button) until the LED light flashes red and blue, and “Boltune BT-BH001” should
pop up on your device indicating that it’s ready to sync.). The headphones come
with a charging cable but be aware that they do not include the actual adaptor
that plugs into an outlet (I just used the same adaptor that I use to charge my
phone and it worked fine… you could also plug the USB charger into any computer
or laptop for charging too). I do like to be aware of my surroundings when I’m
running so I only wear one earbud when I’m running. The ear bud has never fallen
out of my ear and I’m really happy with how well it stays in place. I just wrap
the ear bud side that I’m not using around the strap of my sports bra to keep it
in place and prevent it from bouncing around. Overall, I’ve been happy with
these headphones and they’re working great for listening to music while I run.
    I usually don't take the time to write reviews however I am paid for this
review but it doesn't change what I am writing.I am greatly impressed with the
sound quality with these headphones!!!!  Believe me I am picky!!!  It will be
great for audiophiles and people with a great ear for good sound.  While i was
hoping for more bass then it has but the treble and clarity blows most my
headphones away!!!  This is super close to my old Sennheiser CX 300-II.  I
compare all my headphones to it.  That one is the best sounding headphones I
ever had and the bass blows everything out of the water.  These Beltune
headphones are pretty much the same but less bass.  Those old Sennheisers are
corded so after being cordless for many years it's hard to want to use a cord
again.  I got these Beltunes so i can have headphones to use with my bicycle
helmet for bike riding.  Been wanting something new anyways.  I'm glad i got
these in place of the $18 best sellers i sent back that sounded like listening
to music with a towel over speakers or earplugs in.  those were the worst ones i
ever had period.  even worse then the free ones.UPDATE: somewhere during the
first ten hours burn in time The bass tightened up and I really notice it now
for the last few weeks of use.  Has really good bass now.But as for comfort my
picky ears started hurting after I used the stocking cap over the headphones
when outside earlier.  I put the small sized hook attachments on and after a few
hrs it wasn't so bad but not sure with the stocking cap or bicycle helmet.  will
update if i continue to have issues.I also love the magnetic clips to clip them
together.  And easy to use buttons on the cord.  I took a phone call and my
person on the other line heard me just fine.  Which isn't always the case
talking on bluetooth.  So  I know at least that time it worked for a phone
call.In conclusion these headphones will be great for most people if your ears
can tolerate this style.  I hope this review helps others looking for
headphones.  Have fun shopping for headphones and a great day.
    Update:It's been just over 4 months since I bought these and they've already
broken.I don't use them often. I'm guessing I've ran them them maybe 15 times?
20 at the most.I really expected more out of these. What good is a "good
sounding" set of earbuds if they can't even make it 1/2 a year??I'm requesting
that the seller get in contact with me.I'd like to have these replaced under
warranty.If this review is still a 1 star, then no one has bothered to contact
me.I'll do at least a 2 star if they get in contact with me.More depending on
the solution.===============Original post:===============I've been using these
for over a month now and I have to say I'm actually impressed so far.Battery
life on these seems respectable. I've yet to drain them on accident.I don't have
a good timeline, but I use them for upwards of a few hours at a time and have
only charged them maybe 3 or 4 times in the last month?Sound quality is very
respectable, especially for the price point.The ear hooks on these buds are a
great thing if you're active. I like to run and I have gone through quite a few
earbuds finding ones that stay in. THESE STAY IN! I mean that alone makes them
worth it.Complaints?The mic SUUUUUUUUCKS. Like bad.I wanted to use these while I
gamed on my laptop and everyone told me voice sounded like Wall-E was trying to
have sex with a Speak and Spell. So if you want this for chatting, I might
suggest another headset.I also don't like the cord length. This isn't a huge
thing, just one of those tiny things that bugs you once in a while.If the cord
was another 3 or 4 inches long, it could be tucked into your shirt. As it is
now, it sticks out. Not a deal-breaker, but worth mentioning in case the
manufacturer wants ideas on how to improve this.I'm waiting to see how long they
last. If they break within 2 years of buying them, the rating will be an instant
1 star. Quality of construction is paramount to me.If this review is still a 5
star, they haven't broken!
    I've had these headphones for about a month and overall, I like them and I
am glad I bought them. The sound quality is great and even better, they don't
"sound leak" where everywhere can hear what I'm listening to. The noise
cancellation is excellent. I have one major personal complaint and one minor.
The only major complaint I have is that the ear piece sticks out farther than I
prefer, as in it's not as flat against my ear. Since it's winter, I like to wear
earmuffs but I can't wear them with these because the earmuff digs in the ear
piece too much. I've had other headphones that don't stick out from my ear that
far, and I was able to wear my earmuffs. Only during the winter time will this
be a problem. The minor complaint I have is that the wire connecting the head
phones is not that flexible. If it gets twisted too much, it sticks straight out
so I have to constantly make sure it lays flat. These are not off-putting issues
for purchasing the item. The headphones are great; simple to connect with my
Bluetooth; and very easy to use. They are a very good purchase. If I could give
a half rating, I would give these 4.5 stars.
    Pros:Great battery life, good fit with interchangeable earbudsBIG con:You
will hear every move you make as the wire rubs against your clothing making a
scratching sound overtop of the music or movie soundtrack.I would recommend
looking elsewhereUpdate:So this is more an update of the company Boltune.  I
sent this product back to Amazon due to the above issue.  The company responded
with a very polite email (more companies on Amazon should contact unenthused
customers) saying they had made changes to the IPX7 and sent a new pair of
wireless earbuds BH020 as replacements - it's called customer service for a
reason.Now these are very good earbuds.  The bass is excellent [at least for me]
and pairing was instant to my OnePlus 6T phone.  These sound better than the
Aukey ear buds that I have paired to my TV.  Highly recommend.  Thanx to Boltune
for the follow-up and assistance.
    These headphones are good value for the price. The weight of the control
make them somewhat unbalanced on the right side that for me pulls the headphone
out of the ear when I run, so not really a running headphone.  I shared this
issue with Boltune and they provided very good customer service sending me a
replacement model.  But if you are looking for a running headphone specifically,
then I would recommend looking at a different Boltune model.  Overall a decent
headphone, not particularly for running, and solid customer service.
    I was skeptical about these earbuds because of the shape of the silicone,
but these are pretty dope. They block out my co-workers pretty well when I'm in
the office if I've forgotten my actual headphones and they're comfortable.
Normally, earbuds start to hurt my ears after being in too long, but I haven't
experienced that with these yet. The sound quality was good for the price. I was
actually very impressed. I can use them to block out the grunting at the gym and
the overhead music. They are much better than the skullcandy earbuds I was using
and don't cut out. I enjoy that the range on them is good so that if my leggings
don't have pockets, I can put my phone on the floor, go get weights, and still
be connected because I'm not going far.I recommend these for workout earbuds.
They seem to hold up in my ears during my circuit trainings. My only issue with
them is that if I have one in, the weight from the control bar will cause it to
tug, so if I'm trying to talk to someone, it's best to just have them magnetized
together around my neck instead of one ear in and one ear out or it will slide.
    I purchased these for work from home in March as both my spouse and I have
both been working from home.  I've been using them for about 6 months. My spouse
bought a pair of AirPod Pros ($250) and I purchased the Boltune Bluetooth
headphones ($25). Totally different price points and features.If you are looking
for a basic set of bluetooth headphones at an inexpensive price.  These are
great!!! Their battery life lasts me all work day as long as I charge them
overnight while my spouse's AirPod Pros better dies in the middle of the day.I
can connect the Boltune headphones o my computer and my phone too which is nice.
Sound quality is solid, it's nothing exceptional but I hear the folks I am
meeting with and they hear me with good clarity. The Boltune headphones do not
have sound cancelling.I also appreciate having a wire connecting the two ear
buds (and the ear buds magnetically connect around my neck when I'm not actively
using them).  I don't lose them because of this feature although this may be
turn off for some folks.I have noticed that the Bluetooth range of these
headphones is less than the AirPods, I can lose connection beyond 25'. My
spouse's AirPod Pros stay connected much further.My spouse can see their battery
life % of their AirPods headphones.  I cannot see the charge level of the
Boltune headphones but as long as I charge the Boltune headphones overnight they
work all day. The only exception, has been if am working an extended work day
(over 16 hrs). I've had to do a boost charge on those days. I've gotten 8-12
hours of use on a change though which is amazing! The AirPod Pros only have
about 4 hours of use on a change.Overall, for a $25 pair of Bluetooth headphones
I think the Bultunes are an amazing purchase!!!! They are easy to use and a
solid performance for a full work-day. I'm happy with my headphones and would
purchase them again in a heartbeat.
    The main reason I got this style is it doesn't interfere with my glasses.
Anything hanging on my ear presses my glasses frame and is uncomfortable. Since
this fits in the ear, it doesn't cause that problem at all.I've tried three
brands of these around-the-neck headsets so far, and I like this one the best. I
only have to charge it once a week (I turn it off when not using it). The audio
sounds great. The controls are good, with a solid "click" when depressed. The
magnets are so-so strong, but just like the others I've tried: They will hold it
in place during the day, but if I/m moving around vigorously they can unsnap. No
worse then the competition. They are just the right length. If you take the time
to select the small/medium/large ring that fits your ear and cap that goes
inside (my ears are apparently different sizes), you can get a snug fit that
won't fall out during moderate exercise but aren't so tight they make your ear
hurt after a short time. And the microphone is fine except prone to wind noise,
but all similar models have the same issue with this. I live in a windy place,
so it's annoying. I cup the mic with my hand if it gets too breezy during a
call.But the reasons I like this one better than the others: The way the "ring"
part fits on, it has a small peg that keeps it from rotating out of place. I've
found this very annoying with other brands, as they move every time I take them
off so I have to line them up when I put them back on. This is really nice. They
seem extra good at blocking out background noise (you can still hear, but much
quieter). I also have not have the "cone" part fall off once when taking them
off (or having my shirt pull them off, etc.), which then is easy to lose and has
been a problem with some of my earlier sets of other brands (always keep the
extra size parts, I needed mine!). And they look well-made.So if you wear
glasses, these are the best I've found. I just leave them clipped around my neck
all day. And if I do take them off and misplace them (it's happened), they are
easy to replace and I'm not out hundreds for Aitpods.
    I had wanted to give this device five stars before it arrived but sadly, I
could not get the headphones to make a consistent pair. It took a long time to
pair, and when it did it was fine.  However, when I paused my audiobook, the
headphones unpaired and I could not get them paired again.  The next day, I
tried to pair again with my audiobook device and my tablet. Tablet and pod, on
and off, reset and then the Boltunes on and off. If someone were purchasing
these for the first time and had never used bluetooth earbuds, they might think
that this is normal. But one’s bluetooth earbuds should make an almost immediate
pair and then stay on for the day. I never had a chance to see how long the
Boltumes would operate since they unpaired when I paused my  audiobook and would
not connect again.I do appreciate the magnets and would suggest that anyone
purchasing this style of headphones get ones with magnets.  They are an
excellent feature and I do appreciate their convenience.
    I only got these earphones yesterday so I can't speak on the longevity of
the product. But, when I got them, I charged them up. They charged pretty fast.
I linked them to my laptop to listen to videos. The bluetooth linked easily
without me having to fight with the earphones or laptop. The sound quality is
pretty good. At first, they were comfortable. But then my ears got a little
sore. But, I think it was only because it came with the medium size buds already
attached. So, I replaced them with the small ones and they felt more
comfortable.  I got the grey ones and they seem true to color. I did not jog or
walk around with them on. But, they felt pretty snug in my ear. So, even if I
were to move around with them on, I don't feel like they would fall out. Also, I
like how the backs of the ear buts stick together with a magnet. Furthermore, I
bought these because the look a lot less bulky that those huge wireless
earphones, and are connected so it's less likely I'd lose them like the Apple
AirPods (or something similar). I also like the things they came with. It came
with a little storage pouch, an instruction booklet, charging cable, and various
sizes of ear buds for your convenience. Also, the little zip bag that the
charging cable came with, I kept it to hold all the little extra earbuds so they
don't get lost. It came in pretty handy. Overall, it seems like a pretty good
product and I'm happy with them. If you are in the market for wireless
headphones, I definitely recommend these.
    5 months after writing this review the company rep finally reached out and
offered to send a gift card or replace the item.  I changed my review from 2 to
4 based on the fact that the company made it right.  However, my review of the
product itself stands.  There are way too many false reviews for products on
Amazon so I take a solid position on my reviews.  I do understand and support a
company that will fix an issue...but 5 months later is an issue.  I also
understand that there are lemons with any product line.After a month of use,
these died.  It Will not turn on but the red light indicates that they are
charged.  No response from the company.  Also - this company set a fake amazon
reward offer that if you leave a positive review they will give you $$$.I am a
runner and sweat has killed several ear buds.These ear buds stay in your ear and
have great sound quality at a fair price point.Not very often do I write a
review but these finally proved worthy of my time and hopefully will help others
decide on this product.Likes:Good fitStay in placeCancel out noiseGood sound
qualityLight weightMy only dislike and I had to really think about this was the
fact that I'm bald and the ear buds stick out making me look like a misplaced
bolted Frankenstein.So I really have no dislikes about this product
whatsoever.Thank you for ending my search.
    I’ve been using these earbuds for around 2 weeks, here's what I think so
far:Sound quality: 4/5. I don’t know a ton about audio quality, but the sound
seems good to me. The volume is good--when I’m listening to music on Spotify or
Amazon Prime, the lowest volume is just right. When there is no music/faint
music, I do hear “white noise” at times. So far, I don’t mind it--it’s faint,
and I don’t hear it when music is playing.Fit: 4/5. These feel pretty good at
first, but they get a little bit uncomfortable when I have them in for several
hours straight. They seem to withstand sweat and stay in place when walking or
running, and they do cancel out some outside noise when music is playing.
Overall, these don’t fit badly, but I’ve worn more comfortable earbuds (e.g. my
old, cheap pair of Skullcandy earbuds).Battery: 5/5. The battery life on these
has been excellent so far--mine do have the 16-hour battery life advertised (I
got around 15 hours out of them, I think the missing hour is because I forget to
turn them off once or twice), and they take around an hour and a half to charge
fully. One charge for me can easily last a few weeks!
    There are a great pair of headphones that deliver crisp sound quality and
the right amount of bass. I had been looking for a replacement for a pair that I
had lost and and had been very happy with. The first pair that was shipped
seemed to have a bit too much treble, but the vendor sent me a new pair after
assuring me that they were now working with a more reliable manufacturer. The
replacement pair was a significant improvement, and I could finally understand
why the product had gotten so many good reviews. The sound is very balanced, and
easily passed the bass test Youtube video that I checked them with. There is no
noise when on standby or during quiet sections of podcasts or songs with a lot
of dynamic range, which is great because one advantage of having earbuds with a
snug fit is that you can turn the volume down to protect your ears. Overall a
great product and exceptional value!
    Firstly, I am no runner, but I do like to run and row at the gym from time
to time. Ive never had luck with headphones staying in my ears (I have smaller
ears). They hurt, they fall out, or lose connection. I read the reviews and
figured I would give these a try. I loved the price, the bluetooth component,
and the magnetic feature. I wasnt crazy about the wings, because I initially
thought they would hurt or not do much for me. These come with may different
sized earpieces and wings. Right out of the box, I tried on the smallest pair...
jumped around in them and they fell out. Then I decided to keep the small ear,
but medium wing. They are perfect! The stay in!! Sound quality is alright; I am
no music connoisseur. They do the job; no rattling or buffering of sound. Sound
cancellation is alright, but that depends on fit of course. Battery life is
great and so is charging. The only imporovement I could make is that the
distance is short. You need to have your phone within 20-30 ft of you. If you
have it on you at all times, perfect. If not, you'll get a "connection lost"
alert over the headphones. Great buy! Would buy again! Thank goodness I choose
these over Bose... which were also in my cart.. and 80$ more.
    UPDATE - Read the whole thing to get a complete picture of my experience.The
seller has been relentless in trying to get me to upgrade this review. I've been
offered a full refund, gift cards of various amounts, and replacement earphones,
some of presumed better quality. Finally, I agreed to update the review in
exchange for another pair, but I warned that I would give an account of the
service I received. So, here it is.I have ordered three pairs of these. I had
the last 10 months, then it was gone like a heart attack. I'm not abusive of my
gear, but the others only lasted about as long on average. Fine if you want a
throwaway pair, but if you want something that lasts longer, these may not be
the ones you're looking for. The quality of the sound isn't bad, but I'm no
audiophile, just an older guy whose hearing and eyesight aren't what they used
to be.Anyway, my one-star review kicked off a round of emails asking me to
upgrade in return for refund/replacement. I ignored or responded with a request
for a refund and no change, but a 1-star review is just short of apocalyptic,
apparently.I would say that the company is really addicted to 4 or 5-star
reviews, and that seems to translate into giving the customer something,
anything to get one. If you don't mind dealing with a product that quits in
order to get another one, I guess you could give the seller great marks for
serving the customer.Having said all that, and given the fact that I'm still
even now that I have another working pair, if this current pair fails, I will be
back, and it won't be to gild this review.
    Another UPDATE - I have been given a free replacement. I really appreciate
the support they have given me, and I like these wireless ear buds a lot.UPDATE
after 5 months:The device no longer charges. I have very carefully used the
micro USB charger and it works enough to turn the light blue, but does not
actually charge the battery. I have repeated the charging process with both the
charger that came with the headphones and again with another micro USB charger
that I had; neither was able to charge these headphones. This means that the
bluetooth headphones are unusable. Interestingly, it was a bit of a gradual
death; at first they kept a charge for at least 5 hours, then it went to one
hour, and then to nothing. I realize these were not expensive, but I wouldn't
have spent the money for a device that only worked well for the first three
months and limped along for another two months before dying completely.ORIGINAL
REVIEW: These are terrific and at this price are very hard to do better. I have
normal, small ears and these are the ONLY headphones that stay in my ears while
running!  The additional movement allowed with wireless headphones is so nice:
you can put your phone anywhere within 25 feet or probably further, and you can
turn your head without having them fall out. They were charged when they arrived
so I just followed the simple directions to pair, and I was done. The directions
are easy to follow, and while running I can easily touch the correct button to
raise/lower volume, skip songs, etc. For comparison, my hands are medium for a
woman. The headphones cancel noise so well  that I can’t hear anything else
around me if I’m listening to music. (In fact, I still use my wired headphones
when I need to hear surrounding noise like kids and such!) And, the quality,
durability and sturdiness of these headphones is impressive.
    I got these to have a back up for when I forget to charge my other
headphones, but in all honesty, these will now be my main set. First of all
these sound good, I always test out a song with really good bass to see how they
hold up. I was happy with that. They are a bit chunky, they stick out of my ear
more than my other ones, but they are comfortable, and they do stay in well. I
like that they send all different size of the tips and the ear hook ones as
well, so no matter what you can get a combination that works for your ear. I
like the flexibility of the cord, my old set gets very stiff and can be annoying
when wearing them. And the magnetic part is great for when you have to take both
out for a few, and don't want to lose or drop them (i'm particularly good at
dropping electronic things).It comes with a bag to store them in, I would prefer
a hard case, as my old set has, for protection, but a bag is better than
nothing. (Or just buy a little case separately.) The charging cord is very
short, depending on where you're plugging them in they're going to  be hanging
off the outlet! They were extremely easy to sync up to my phone, exactly the
same process as my old set so that was good. I like these a lot, will probably
get another pair, for a back up to my back ups lol. For the price and quality,
they are a good deal!
    Things I really like about these headphones:1. the magnetic feature--super
convenient!2. the simplicity and ease of use on the control bar3. the
instructional manual is very straight forward4. the ear pieces (s, m, l) are
labeled as such, with L or R to help you put them on the correct side of the
earbuds (see pictures)5. likewise, the earbuds themselves are labeled under the
ear pieces with L and R on their respective sides (see pictures)6. the warranty
--it comes with a 12 month warranty, and they give you the option of extending
that to 30 months (which I absolutely recommend)7. noise-cancelling (or at least
as far as I can tell)8. once connected, your phone should show on the top of the
screen that you have headphones connected via bluetooth, and next to that it
should show a vertical battery bar--that's the battery life of the
headphones!!Something to improve:1. I know this is hard to do with bluetooth
headphones that are inexpensive, but the earbuds could be smaller (aka not stick
out of my ears so far). They're not terrible and I will totally get used to it,
but just something to think about. It would be difficult and likely very
uncomfortable to try to sleep on your side with these in (thinking of my
airplane rides, here)If I have any issues in the future with these headphones, I
will update my review accordingly. Can't wait to put these to the test!
    I absolutely love these headphones! The sound quality is solid, and I was
VEEEEERY skeptical considering their price, but they do NOT disappoint! The
noise cancelling ability is impressive, just having them in my ears (no music),
I was having a hard time hearing much around me. They fit comfortably and offer
different styles AND sizes of the earbud part, so you shouldn't have trouble
finding what works for you. I also love the magnetic feature. At first I didn't
think much of the feature, and certainly didn't expect that I'd take advantage
of it much at all, but it really has come in handy! Overall I'd say these are
totally worth it, especially if you get the $3 3 year protection plan from
AMAZON. For $3 you have ease of mind knowing that if for any reason these
headphones go under any time soon, you're covered. Overall I highly recommend
these!!
    The boltune bluetooth wireless headphones are easy to recommend to anyone
because they do exactly as advertised. They are comfortable and almost feel like
if you are putting some ear plugs into your ears. From them being inserted they
create a good seal and this by itself adds a noise isolation.The audio quality
is decent for a bluetooth ear piece. They would not match an inline ear phones,
but no blue tooth headphones would at this time.The build is good. It feels
sturdy, the design is simplistic but there is attention to detail. You could
walk around with these discretely and once out of your ears the magnets work
pretty well. They are strong.The water proof or water resistant capabilities is
a nice mix since you can go anywhere with this, even into the shower. The
bluetooth range is pretty good as well and may only stutter if elevation is
change, e.g going up steps at a distance.Based on the above it is easy to
recommend this product.
    Let me start by saying that I almost returned them. I had just placed the
order and the next day my job was put on hold (covid19 related as many others
have)Initially, I needed some great earbuds for yard work and was tired of other
sets I had purchased - connectivity issues, not that comfortable - and wanted a
solid, well sounding replacement -also my came-with-phone earbuds just
sucked.For added comparison, I own some middle class Sennheiser and Audio-
Technica that I use for video editing and music in general, these, in my
opinion, from an earbud perspective, run petty parallel. I listen to a wide
variety of music and today I put them to the test an absolutely glad I didn’t
return them. A comfortable and wonderful well rounded sound. Nice bass and mids
and crisp highs. Great noise canceling - used a circular saw and jigsaw at one
point and barely heard them.Do i recommend these? Abso-freakin-lutely!
    These earphones are amazing. I bought two pair so one could always be
charging. Six days ago, I couldn’t find one of them. While bringing groceries in
from the car, I stumbled over the missing set. They had been in my yard for six
days. But wait, it gets better. We had a major storm that lasted three days,
dumping buckets of rain, sleet, and snow, with temperatures in the twenties. I
brought them inside and decided to charge them just to see: they work! No
damage. That is an impressive beating and they still run like new. For the
price, these earphones can’t be beat. The sound quality is good. Not quite my
husband’s Bose but if you didn’t know the difference, you’d never know you’re
missing something. The batteries on one will last an entire Saturday through
cleaning, laundry, and errands. Love them!
    I have bought two pairs of these. They seemed good at first, but both pairs
eventually suffered from a glitch wherein they constantly disconnect/reconnect
to the bluetooth device in an endless loop. Tried multiple devices, same
result.Furthermore, with both pairs, I would find that the mic would randomly
stop working in the middle of a call, and the person on the phone couldn't hear
me at all.Finally, the first pair stopped turning on at all, despite being fully
charged.Complete garbage.Update: I contacted Boltune customer service, and they
had me return the defective unit and sent a replacement. Within a couple of
weeks, the replacement unit began exhibiting the same reconnection loop problem.
This is my third pair to have this problem! I tried pairing with different
sources - Android, iOS, Windows, all had the same problem.STILL complete
garbage.
    What a relief! They definitely measure up! I was concerned because they're
not the most expensive. But they sure sound a lot better than my last expensive
set!  Sound quality is important to me. With these, I could hear notes and
instruments that I couldn't hear in my last set. And the battery life was
fantastic, too. I did a 7 hr cleaning job and still had plenty of battery left
afterward. As for staying in place, they're very good but if it's possible, I'd
like to see some improvement. I clean for a living and use both my right and
left arm, a lot of twisting from one side to the other. Because of sweat, the
cord grips my skin and can cause an earbud to come out. That's not an issue with
jogging or lifting weights, but it is with cleaning for a living. I only
occasionally have to replace it in my ear, so I'm OK. I just really appreciate
the great sound, especially for the price. I'm not disappointed!
    I really love these headphones and it seems like a miracle that the
batteries last so long, however I have recently begun having problems with mine.
I use these a lot for listening to podcasts while walking the dog and i started
noticing that the batteries were not lasting as long as they should. i was
needing to charge everyday. I later noticed that the headphones will no longer
charge when the charger is connected, instead, the charger has to be
disconnected and reconnected in order to get the blue "fully charged" light.
This is a hassle and quite unfortunate. If it wasn't for the issue, I would have
easily given the full 5 stars. These are incredible for the price, but somehow
not quite worth it. It's a shame.Update: I'm increasing to 4 stars since
customer service has been great so far. It looks like I will be given a refund
after contacting Boltune.
    I purchased these ear buds to replace a pair I lost when they original ear
buds weren’t available any longer.  So far these earbuds are almost identical to
what I previously had, and loved ... they came fully charged and were very easy
to pair to my phone.  All the controls (power, columns, pause, etc) are the same
as what I previously had, and I am very pleased.  For my use these are perfect,
provide some noise cancellation but not enough that I’m unable to hear
things/people around me as necessary.  I haven’t used them for a long enough
period of time yet to run down the battery, but I anticipate, based on all other
factors, that the listening time will be perfect for my needs, usually 7-8 hours
at a time of listening to an audio book or to watch something streaming on
Netflix.  I’m very happy with these earbuds, and would purchase them again.
Also they arrived a day earlier than anticipated which was terrific as well.
Completely satisfied with my purchase.
    I was a little skeptical about purchasing these because they were a little
on the "expensive" end to me, because I had never heard of the Boltune brand
before. I read the reviews and decided to try them out based on such other
positive reviews. I am SOOOO glad I purchased these!!!! The sound is AMAZING. I
listen to alot, ALOT of R&B, Rap, Hip hop and the bass that comes through these
are OMG! Like, once these stop working (not speaking into existence lol) I will
NOT hesitate to purchase a new pair. I love these! I highly recommend them! The
sound is amazing, the battery life is amazing, the hands free/no cord is
amazing. They also are water resistant, being that lots are expected to use
while working out... meaning sweat resistant. I work at a desk all day long so I
listen to them all day long and have to charge them every other day. Some may
not listen as much and will maybe have to charge every 3-4 days. I'm impressed,
nevertheless, because of how much I abuse mine and only have to charge every
other day! lol. Honestly, GET THEM!! :)
    I did hours and hours of research on this style of headphones and finally
decided to go with these...and I’m so glad I did!  I can’t believe how amazing
these wireless earbuds are!  This is my third purchase for this kind of
wireless/Bluetooth/magnetic set-up - and these ones win, hands down.- When
playing music, the sound was clear.  I’m no expert about sound, but I was
surprised how much bass there was but also how clear the words were.  It felt
like I could have a dance party right there!- Battery is better than my old
ones.  I’ve worn them for 8 hours or so and they’re still showing they have more
than 50% battery to go!- I wore these in the rain today and while sweating
profusely...absolutely no issues or problems.- The magnets are strong - I don’t
foresee any issues or problems with them falling off.- There are
small/medium/large earbuds and small/medium/large hooks that you can swap out
for a perfect fit.  I found my right combination and then gave a sharp tug on
the wire and they stayed in my ears just fine.- I make a lot of phone calls for
work, so I tested the mic by having my wife call me while she used these
earbuds.  The sound was just as good as using the actual phone.  No echoes, no
ringing, no weird robotic-voice junk.  I’m pretty excited about this because my
old earbuds didn’t have the best mic and so I couldn’t really use them with my
phone.- With the right earbuds in, the noise cancellation was just what I
needed.  I couldn’t hear anything going on around me.All in all, I’m very
pleased with this purchase.  They are a little bigger than my old ones, but they
also have better sound and a bigger battery, so that’s expected.Also: I left my
wife listen to a song with these earbuds and she started dancing, haha!  And she
was so impressed with them that she asked me to buy her a pair too!
    Have used daily since purchased. Lost a couple of ear caps (and found them
on floor or in bed) but otherwise have been reliable and easy to use. Battery
lasts at least all day, maybe two days if part of the time is on standby rather
than playing music, news, books, or participating in a call or meeting.
Admittedly I don't use the mic much (I've got a wired mic as default on my
computer for the better sound quality and less rubbing noise). Battery charges
at least part way fast enough that it doesn't bother me much when the battery
runs out. It gives a couple of verbal warnings before it shuts off.  I just
charge for fifteen minutes to an hour and then they make it to the end of the
day.I have some hearing loss and sound quality in the range of voices is good
enough for me.
    Honestly, was extremely happy about the headphones.. at first.I had bought 2
sets of head phones back in December/January. Never got them wet or damaged. But
for some reason, they occasionally wouldn't turn on after a charge (Maybe around
6 months of having them with moderate use). About a month after that, they all
together just stopped turning on at all.This sadly wasn't happening to just me
either. After I bought these headphones, I loved them. The sound quality, the
long lasting charge, the comfortable fit, and the magnets. Even gave a 5 star
review raving about them (which I only leave a review for outstanding products
that I love). Not only that, I told my friends about them and a lot of them even
bought these . But now, I'm a little embarrassed cause ALL of theirs are doing
the same thing. After a few months, they just stop turning on. So you see how
that looks on me..Edit: I contacted customer support and they sent me new ones.
I'll keep you updated.
    This is my first set of earbuds with the "wings" to hold them in and, after
a trial and error period, I find I much prefer them to the over the ear type.
They are much more comfortable and stay on much better. I wear these all day
long listening to audiobooks and they have proven to hold a charge for 12+
hours. Impressive! i have never run out of battery. If I were to ask for
anything more, it would be to change the charging system to USB C. All my other
headsets used this micro USB charging system and eventually died when the
charging port became damaged and would no longer function. USB C seems to be a
sturdier choice. All in all though, for the price, I'm quite happy with the
product.
    I have been searching for a stereo bluetooth headset with long battery life
for some time. Tried several different sets that advertised 6,7,8 hours of life
but they never worked out. Always about the same 4-5 hours of battery life.The
set I was using broke and so I was looking through Amazon (again) and came
across this set, I have to admit I was very skeptical of the battery life claims
but they met my other criteria with respect to fit and size so I figured I try a
pair.They arrived yesterday, and had about a 70% charge so I started using them
right away. First thing I noticed was when powering them on the "power on,
bluetooth pairing/connected" announcement was at a "normal volume" and not the
usual full volume, high pitched voice that I've found on other devices - no
tensing up for an audio blast when powering on.  I got them paired and started
playing back my favorite tunes, sound quality is excellent (to me) and the ear
bud tips fit right out of the box. The controls on the headset were easy to use
and had good solid feel, no "did I press it or not" guess work, and so far, no
double taps on the controls.  I was half expecting to be be disappointed with
battery life but 6 hours later and they were still going strong but I went ahead
and recharged until full. Started another test around 11pm, played tunes all
night, and at 11 am they were still going. Totally unexpected and VERY
impressive, especially considering the earbuds are only slightly larger than my
last set, not sure where they pack all that power in but their claim of 16+
hours of playback is not an exaggeration for my android setup.  I am very
pleased with my purchase and, if I need another headset down the road, there no
doubt in my mind what I'll be buying..
    I purchased these, as I was looking for a wireless option. I know that
independent ear buds are not a good idea for people like myself. I tend to lose
small items like that. This is like having traditional earphones that are wired,
but you're not "plugged in". The sound from these are very high quality
considering the price. The ear buds themselves are comfortable enough to wear
for a few hours before you need to take them out and let your ears relax.
Battery life is ridiculous. I don't know that I've come close to even using up
50% of the battery using them during an 9 hour shift at work. The microphone
also works very well, I'm a lead coordinator at my job and I run meetings using
these. Colleagues have remarked on how clear my voice is across Skype and Teams.
I think that you will be hard pressed to find better quality at such a
remarkable value.
    These buds look nice and sounds pretty good for under $30. They have plenty
of bass, while being balanced in all other attributes. The volume is adequate,
only having to go slightly above half  volume without having to change the ear
tips. They are not uncomfortable around the neck, but they tend to dangle around
the back when moving around, and it created a  bit of a tugging sensation.
Ultimately, if you move your head too much, one of the ears will dislodge. Using
only one earbud can be a bit annoying, and there is nothing to keep the dangling
earbud from pulling the rest of the wire to one side, unless you loop it around
your neck and on the other wire of the earbud, which is not ideal. It is a minor
flaw though, and is expected with earbuds that are lacking a neckband for
weight. Overall, they are solid a buy and worth it for under $30
    Pros- very good sound: I am using it with my Garmin Fenix watch and mostly
up to 30% sound is already great and strong.- magnet - it is handy if you are
using it often, just to keep it on your neck (finally I do not use it as much as
I thought).- handy "bar" with keys: easily increasing volume, changing songs,
stop/start.- battery: good life overall.Cons- bulky wire!!! During running it is
jumping and creating bass-like sounds in your ear after every jump/step. There
could be some kind of adjustment for that. The way what is helping a lot is to
create a nod behind your head, so it will not jump that much and decrease the
annoying sound.- "cheaper design": also biggest reason is the bulky wire. I know
it is more durable but here I would appreciate the change.- sometimes during run
jumping from my ears: might be caused due to the different anatomy or again,
weight of the wire.Regarding the price, I would considered $30 dollars a bit
overpriced, but with $10 discount coupon it is still a good deal (only because
of the wire).
    I finally found them: earbuds that stay in place!  I am new to running.
Summer running in the Carolinas involves heat and sweat.  I have another set of
buds by Boltune (love them).  But, for the summer months, I need buds that sound
great and won’t fall out.  No matter how much I sweat or move – these stay in my
ears.So, here’s the scoop on overall performance.  The sound quality is great.
They allow me to listen to my music and, also hear things in my surroundings.  I
really like the ease of the controls.  Simple and straight forward – push once
for volume up, hold for song skip.  Once they are paired with a phone – they
automatically sync.  I am not used to a corded set of earbuds and the cord
weight on the right side (with controls) feels like it might fall out. It is
something I need to get used to.  The most important thing is that they haven’t
fallen off, even when I have tried to shake them out.  Multiple sizes of ear
pads and ear clips allowed me to find the perfect fit.  I use medium in my right
ear and small in the left.  Haven’t done that before – it makes a difference.
These are exactly what I hoped for when ordering and the price makes them such a
great value.  Can’t wait to put some miles on these!
    I originally bought a pair of these headphones in black late last year, but
then my bf's headphone jack on his phone broke so he could not use the
headphones he had anymore so I gave him my pair. He has really liked these
headphones and I kept saying I would buy another pair for myself. I saw that
this year they came out with ones in gray and I decided to buy another pair for
me. I've had them for a couple of months now and they still work great. I use
them when I work out and they stay in pretty good, though I have weird ears so
it's hard for most things to stay in. They are easy to use and the battery life
has been very long, I go many uses before I have to recharge them. I did hours
of research on bluetooth sport earbuds before buying my first pair and I have to
say that I think I made an excellent choice. I love the little carry case for
keeping them packed up with the charging cord. All in all, very good bluetooth
earbuds for the price.
    I bought 2 pairs and plan to buy more to have one available everywhere I
need one.1. I have terrible sweaty ears when Im at the gym, they did not fall
down, the type of ear support is very good, I was worry it will be unfomfortable
but it is not at all2 the sound is amazing3 super light, I bearly feel them4
battery life is awesome, I used them for days, honestly I forgot when I charged
them last, im very pleased5 I had LG before, bought for around $100, and these
one are by far the best6 Lets not talk about the price, you cant find anything
better for this price7 I forgot, they are waterproof too, I think my LGs went
bad because of my sweaty ears
    This battery lasts foreeever. Great noise cancelation. The sound quality
isn't amazing, but they're $30. I don't expect the best. But I'm not an
audiophile and I mostly just listen to podcasts. I have small ears and these fit
great. I prefer the connected wireless headphones rather than the truly wireless
because they're less bulky and the battery life is better. I like that these fit
my small ears. And I don't mean just the squishy bud. I mean the hard part of
the earbuds that sit in my ear auricle. I don't mind that the truly wireless
ones tend to stick out a lot. What I don't like about them is that the hard part
that sits in my outer ear is usually quite large to hold the battery.
    I love that these have the mic and the other person can hear me clearly on
calls! Very easy to use and play music, switch songs,  redial numbers, hang up,
volume change! The sound quality is great. My toddler has tantrums so I decided
to use these to test the noise cancelation; GUESS WHAT! I couldn't hear her LOUD
drama! I love them! Usually her screams stress me out and I have to discipline
her. Now I can let her have her meltdown and she will come to me when she is
done.  LOVE LOVE LOVE! Oh and they are super lightweight. The magnets are a
great add on to keep them on throughout the day. I bought 2!  I just tested them
next to a loud boombox we have and I couldn't hear my husband's loud music while
listening to mine!
    Ok I must admit I was a tad skeptical of all the 5 star reviews BUT I am
glad I was wrong! So I received them, charged them up and started using them
right away. I will say that as soon as I put them on I knew they would be my
favorites! They come with lots of sizes for your eat but the one that was
already attached was perfect for my ears. They are comfy and I give props to the
designer of these. They fit better that my iPhone ear pods and the sound quality
is top notch and they really cancel out outside sounds! I was thinking of buying
the wireless Apple EarPods while they were on sale but I wanted to try these
before I spent $200. I am so glad I did. I will not be wasting my money on
expensive EarPods that would probably end up getting lost. I highly recommend
these. If you have been eyeballing them just but them!
    Extremely happy with these! Had a different brand set I loved and used for
years but very disappointed with how they held up for the price. And Didn’t care
for what they have and price. So after reading all the reviews on this product I
figured it was worth a try since the price was fantastic and it had a great
return policy. after reading all the Good reviews on this product I figured it
was Worth trying! Well the reviews were not wrong! I use them a lot in the
garden and around the house. They are fantastic for audio books, podcasts, Music
and even talking on the phone. so much so that I purchased another set for my
husband and my friend even purchased a set for herself and her husband!
    I ordered these earbuds to replace a pair that crapped out after 3 years.
(different brand)  I really liked my old ones and was looking for something
similar. These fit the bill as they seemed very light.  I use them primarily for
working out. I did not want the headband type as the old pair I had would fall
off.  After much research I ordered this pair.  They came promptly.  There was a
bit of an issue with pairing as some also have noted. It took awhile for the
first few times and they would unpair every time I turned them off.  However
after contacting the company and having them explain how to repair more easily
they seem to work a lot better. That is the only issue I had and the reason for
only 4 stars. I hope they last a lot longer than my last pair.
    Simple easy points:Price is definitely a plusEasy setupLove the magnetic
featureVery comfortableSound is great, I have a few songs I always test on my
earphones these tested greatIsolation noise is great. If I am with someone I use
one ear so I don't miss the conversation😉The buttons are not hidden, I like that
there is a bit of a button feel on them so it is an easy feel.Great battery
lifeChanges pretty quicklyDon't have any idea how long these will last. So can't
comment on that.Wish their warranty was a bit longerBecause I seem to have no
luck with them. So for nowI would definitely highly recommend these earphones
    I recommend these earbuds for music. Seeing that this is my first pair of
wireless headphones, I was worried if they would stay put while jogging, and
with the variety of sizes they give you I easily found the perfect fit! They
stayed snug while jogging. I also love the sound quality, because I listen to
hip hop music and enjoy bass. These did not disappoint! I don't have anything to
compare them too, but for the price, I'd say you can't beat it. The only
downside was that while running when windy, I heard the wind, but the sound of
my music was optimum enough that it wasn't enough to bother me. Just pointing
that out to all the tech experts out there. Calls were easy to answer, no
problems there. I am completely satisfied with the product I got for the amazing
price :)
    Great value. Bought a pair for my wife last year. She uses them every day.
When the ear cushions on my very expensive BOSE BT headphones gave out again, I
bought these for less than what it would have cost me to replace the ear
cushions on my expensive phones.If I could make a wish, I would wish for 9 hour
battery life instead of the 4-1/2 hours I get with these (I like to go to sleep
with headphones - and these don't last the entire night). I would recommend them
for regular users and friends, as long as they don't expect them to play for 8
hours continuous. They sound great, are comfortable, easy to pair.
    Like the headline says, these are such a huge hassle. EVERY TIME you turn
these on, you have to enter pairing mode, then go to your bluetooth settings on
your iPhone, tell it to forget this device, then wait for them to show up again
(which takes much longer than any other headphones I have ever used. I simply do
not have time to go through this hassle every time I turn my headphones on and
off. Back they go.What a terrible design!
    I have very sensitive ears, and most sports earbuds are either
uncomfortable, painful, don’t fit, or one of the above.These are incredibly
comfortable. Very easy to sync. They stay in pretty damn well.My only real
complaint is that the sound quality with calls seems to vary. There’s also
something of a static sound that plays sometimes when there on. It may just be
my pair. I might have to return them for a different one, but I’ll give it a bit
more of a try.(Side note, I was mildly disappointed in how little they block
noise. I know they’re not advertised as noise cancelling—there’s a $38 pair by
Boltune that is identical to this with noise cancelling added—but I’d hoped they
would a bit. That was a gamble I took, though, and can always upgrade.)[Full
disclosure: I was chosen to receive a $10 Amazon gift card for an honest
review.)
    In the few days that I've been using these headphones they strike me as a
quality product. Easy pairing, good range, fair battery life, etc. The
answer/end call and volume buttons are very convenient and the magnetic
connectors are a nice touch. However I personally can barely tolerate wearing
these for significant lengths of time because they cause me pain and discomfort.
Even though I'm a grown woman these do not fit me. I have small ears and most
earbuds will not stay in my ears, but given that these come with small, medium,
and large sized rubber covers I thought I could give them a try. Even the
smallest size did not do the trick, the base that the covers go on is just too
large. I  included pictures showing how just the small rubber cap fits
(comfortably) in my ear by itself, and you would see that it is not its original
round shape, but rather squished. Of course the round earbuds themselves do not
squish, and so causes soreness in my ear not being fitted properly. I will
probably give these to my big eared boyfriend, and try to find something else
for myself.
    These are the most comfortable back-of-neck style headphones I've worn. The
sound cancellation is pretty great without that weird suction feeling in your
ears that some buds create. The mic/control part is also very light which adds
to the comfort (I've found that part on other headphones of this style are heavy
and make the strap sit weird on my neck, but not these). Stereo sound quality is
good.  They also come in a nice carrying pouch which will be great for throwing
them into my carry-on when i fly.  The only potential downside is that the ear
pieces do stick out of the ear quite a bit, like almost an inch - if that
bothers you.  I have not yet tested the mic quality.  Overall, they seem like a
great quality headphone at this price point!
    Got these a day ago.  Packaging was great,  product design looks sharp, was
able to use right away.  Comfortable fit, easy to switch out the provided fit
sizes so it fits custom.  Was really happy with the range.  I was able to be at
least 30ft in different rooms from my phone without it loosing connection which
is a huge improvement from my last set by a different brand.  Still testing my
max range.  The magnetic locks are strong, again an improvement from my last set
by different brand.  Charging cord is strong and durable,  only set back is I
wish the charger cord was a tad bit longer.  Overall,  excellent product for a
reasonable price. Highly recommend.
    I struggled with another brand of similar headphones because the volume and
pause/power button was so heavy, it was always pulling the earbud out of my
little ears.  I tried these and instantly felt the comfort and relief in how
light they are.  I use them daily listening to podcasts while I walk 60-90
minutes in the mornings. These headphones are really great- good sound,
lightweight, long battery life, adjustable fit ear pieces...I just purchased my
second pair after the ones I used and abused for well over a year were finally
in need of replacement. I highly recommend these (especially if Apple headphones
are way too big for you) and will be purchasing more for family as stocking
stuffers!
    These are my first Bluetooth wireless earbuds. Normally I just get the
regular ones but wanted a change. I've only had them for a couple of days now,
but so far I am happy with them. I like that they have different sizes in case
you need to change the ones that they came with, which I did have to do a
different size. They stay in my ears well and block out most of the noise around
me. It didn't take very long to charge them up. I just used the small USB cable
that they came with and hooked it up to my computer. Within a few hours, they
were charged. I've connected them to my computer and to my cell phone and they
worked great. I even tried out the microphone which worked very well. Reasonably
priced and I would recommend.
    This is one of the best bluetooth headphones that i have used until now, i
really love the sound quality and how comfortable it is and i wear it for hours,
and the battery life is amazing, i dont need to charge it every day, i can go 3
days without charging it, and im listening to music and podcasts all the time, i
especially love the charging port it closes so perfectly and the plastic cover
doesnt pop up every time after your done charging it, which was very annoying on
my last bluetooth headphones, i have used atleast 2 other brands within the past
year and they either broke apart or just stopped working completely.
    Have had a similar style of in-ear headphones but lost them.Received them in
about a day with Prime shipping.  The packaging was minimal just what was
necessary which is always appreciated.  Included also was a charging cable,
carry pouch, and multiple ear tips (S/M/L).  I was able to get a good fit
swapping out.  The cord is short around the back of the neck.  They do stick out
of the ears a bit and the controls make the right side a bit uneven in terms of
weight, but nothing detrimental.With iOS 14 the battery level is visible on the
widget.Tested the sound with music (metal), youtube videos, and audiobook.
Sound is great, especially at this price point.With music getting a nice balance
between low end and mids.  Voice on Youtube and audiobooks came through nice and
clear.
    Been using these headphones for four months now. They replaced two pairs I
was using because I LIVE in headphones. I have a lot of medical issues and
headphones help me stay grounded, separate myself from others and drama and
whatever may be distracting me from much needed inner calm. I had to have two
before because the battery didn't last long enough in one. Now with these new
headphones I can go all day, and night, even still after four months. Easy to
charge, great for phone calls, while driving (can still hear everything else)
and even sleeping. I shoot all my YouTube videos with them too. Good quality,
great functionality. Highly recommend!
    UPDATE: A few weeks after posting my review I was contacted by the seller
and they worked with me to resolve any and all issues.There was an issue with my
original unit, but it has been resolved.  There is no such thing as a perfect
product and it is customer service that makes up the difference.  I was not
looking for such largess, but they really do want their customers to be made
whole and happy.Now that I have established a positive relationship, I'll be
happy to do much more business with this seller.Original Review:I've been using
it for about four months on my new A71 samsung phone and it keeps
disconnecting.Beyond irritating.
    I have purchased several different brands both expensive and cheap. I think
the sound quality is just as good, if not better than my Beats earbuds I bought
a little over a year ago. Those earbuds bit the dust after barely being used.
They would not even charge. Unfortunately, instead of being able to use my
warranty, my cat got ahold of them and ate the cord, which wouldn’t be covered
on the warranty anyway. I had to do something different, but I refuse to spend a
fortune on earbuds after that experience. I have now owned these for about a
month. I use them at least half of every single day and I have only charged them
every other day. That’s extremely important since my Beats only lasted a few
hours if used consistently and even when they weren’t being used, they only
lasted about 6 hours before another charge was needed. The only thing I don’t
like about these headphones is there’s unequal weight distribution. The controls
are on one side, like a lot of earbuds like this, but there’s no weight in the
middle to keep them from slipping on the weighted side. I usually have one in
and one out so I can hear people if needed. They fall on the other side and
tighten around the back of my neck while the other side is hanging practically
down to my stomach. You get the idea. For that reason, I give them 4 stars.
Other than that, I am pretty satisfied with this purchase and recommend them
based on the sound quality, lightweight feel, and long battery life.
    These headphones are comfortable with great sound quality.  I've owned a lot
of these necklace style magnetic wireless earbuds and these were hands down the
best. They really do fit nicely and produce great quality. The waterproofing
seemed to be good. I've gotten these wet many times and that didn't seem to
affect things. That's the positive side.On the negative side unfortunately, the
microphone never worked very well. Most of the time when I would take calls
using these headphones the other person couldn't hear me. I tested these side by
side with a couple of other wireless headphones I have and determined that it
was in fact the microphone in this pair. On some rare days, the microphone
worked fine. This was a big problem since I take calls using wireless headphones
a lot. Even worse, these stopped working completely after about 5 months. They
stopped holding a charge for a while, then shortly after they simply don't turn
on or pair.Overall a decent listening experience while they worked but they
didn't last very long and the microphone never workedEDIT:Customer support got
in touch and were incredibly helpful in sending along a replacement. Given the
sound quality of the product and the helpfulness of the company, changing the
review to reflect their service
    Awesome headphones! I didn't expect much from them I just needed a cheap set
for work. But these are fantastic, great sound, good connection to my phone,
easy to use and great fit in my ear, I work in a large food manufacturing plant
and if I leave my phone these stay connected to my phone from half way through
the plant before it starts cutting out. Only down sides I've found were they are
a little heavy compared to some other HPs but that's also the reason for the
great sound (bigger magnets better speaker movement), and for some reason my
phone asks me every time I connect bluetooth, if I want to connect instead of
just connecting like my other bluetooth stuff.
    ProsThese earbuds provide good quality for a low price and have a 16-hour
battery life that makes them an exceptional value! I like that they are water-
resistant as I tend to use them outside often. They can connect to more than one
device at a time making switching from my iPhone to the Ipad a breeze. Sound
quality is good and the magnetic feature helps to prevent loss when they are
just hanging around my neck. Perfect for video watching or computer work.ConsEar
hook does not stay where I put it. They are a bit heavy for my small ears so I
am often adjusting them, so can’t use them when I am doing anything where I get
my hands dirty. Also, I use headphones or earbuds at night for sleep and these
are too hard and big to accommodate a side-lying position.
    I have been using the headphones mainly when I exercise at the gym. I got
tired of dealing with the wired sets but did not want to spend over $100 on
Apple Air Pods. These are easy to use and stay in my ear comfortably. They are a
little large but do not bother me. I like the fact they are wired together, are
magnetized and have a convenient mesh bag for storage. They seem to keep the
charge well, but I am careful to turn them off when not using them. The sound
quality is fine for my purpose, mainly podcasts. You can adjust the volume and
turn them on or off from a switch in the wired part. If you want great sound
quality for music, you should probably spend the $$ to get higher quality
headphones. Not sure about the noise cancellation vs. other devices. I can still
hear the music tracks at the gym when I wear them. Overall, they work well and
are a good buy. I would buy them again.
    So after wondering what ear buds to use. I tried a few. I wanted something I
could work with in the metal shop and while running lawn equipment. These
earbuds fit better than buds without a wire connecting them. The wire may not be
for you but I like having it to secure them around my neck as they magnet
together. Playtime is quite long. I haven't actually timed them but I know they
are all of 10+ hours on a charge. Sound quality is amazing evening while running
machines in the shop and equipment outside. These buds seal well to the ear and
block out a  lot of noise. Though not OSHA approved they work very well. Don't
hesitate to try them! For the price they are awesome!!!!
    Don't be fooled by the price, these headphones are amazing. I'm a total
audiophile and am constantly listening to podcasts, music, or the radio on my
phone. This was my first bluetooth headset and I'm blown away by the quality!
The battery life had held up over the months I've owned them (even after daily
use) and the quality has as well!After buying these headphones, by brother
bought a bigger brand-name set of headphones for me, and the quality just did
not hold up. When this pair I bought inevitably dies, I will be buying another
pair. These are the best bang for your buck, but also the best bluetooth
headphones all around.
    I am so incredibly happy I bought these. The sound quality is crisp and
clear and the bass is strong! I took them to the gym yesterday. I did cardio for
40 minutes and they stayed secure the entire time. My gym is big and echo-y, and
they also play music over the loud speakers. When I started playing music
through these headphones, all of the outside noise went away. You can still hear
a little noise between songs but once your music starts playing, total noise
cancellation. I listen to a lot of pop, rap, r&b and the bass is great for that.
I am shocked how great of value these are for the price point. Also very nice
That I can just put my phone in my pocket since they are wireless. 10/10
recommend!
    I've never used earbuds because they've never fit in my small ears. My set
arrived yesterday and I'm very impressed with the packaging, the bud options and
instructions. I actually ended up keeping the size already on the earbuds but
appreciate the smaller options and handy travel bag for everything. It charged
and synced easily and I've been using them already. I didn't quite understand
how the magnet ends would be until I had them around my neck - it's such a great
feature to keep them handy and secure while not in use. So happy to have new
earbuds!!
    These headphones come well packaged to ensure protection of the product. It
includes a charging cable and several different ear bud sizes to fit you needs.
The use of the headphones are pretty easy with a multifunction button that
basically does everything (powering on/off, answering calls etc) and volume
buttons.Cons:Although the quality is really nice and sturdy, trying to fit the
earbuds into my ears was a struggle. Even the smallest size had to be jammed in
for it to fit so long wear of these is a bit uncomfortable.Other than that I’d
recommend these compared to those of higher price point
    So far, so very good.  Much better sound than I had dared to expect.  A
poweful bass and good high pitches.  Fits well in the ears and connects easily
via BT to my iphone 11 promax.  The magnetic feature is great, in order to keep
them around the neck whilst when not in use.  The cord can be a little
bothering, but the cons weigh more.  Too early to judge the battery life, but
yet it loks promising.  For this price, I would never change them for iphone
earbuds, or other overpriced products.  Overall, they look and feel sturdy.
Very happy with this purchase, (and I'm not getting paid for this review).  Just
my humble opinion.  Therefore I can't understand why the reviews only get F on
Fakespot.com.  There shouldn't be any reasons for faking reviews on this
product.
    QUALITY PRODUCT, FAST SHIPPING, EASY CONNECTION, SUPERB SOUND, NOISE
CANCELLING.LIKE MOST PEOPLE FORCED TO WORK FROM HOME DURING THIS CRISIS, MY WIFE
IS  ONLINE MOST OF THE DAY VIDEO CONFERENCING.BEFORE GETTING THESE "BOLTUNE"
HEADSETS, SHE WAS STRUGGLING WITH THE CONFINES OF A WIRED PRODUCT, RESTRICTING
HER MOVEMENTS. SHE FOUND IT VERY FRUSTRATING.TWO DAYS AFTER ORDERING THE
"BOLTUNES"  ARRIVED. THE BLUETOOTH CONNECTION WORKED FLAWLESSLY.THE SOUND AND
NOISE CANCELLING FEATURE MADE HER EFFORTS MUCH MORE ACCEPTABLE.SHE'S ABSOLUTELY
SATISFIED AND SO, "HAPPY WIFE, HAPPY LIFE
    I have two pairs.  The first was great so I got another pair when the first
wore out.  The second pair has an obvious decrease in bluetooth quality.  The
signal does not reach nearly as far.  Sometimes just having my body orientated
wrong will cause the sound to break up.  I've had times when the phone is in my
pocket and the sound breaks up.  My first pair *never* had that issue.Sound
quality is great for someone who doesn't really care/notice (aka me).  Call
quality is also good.  Buttons are easy to access and they fit well in the ear.
Battery is good enough for most of the day at work and into the evening,
listening 50-80% of that time.Edited: manufacturer reached out to me when they
read this review.  They sent me a replacement item free of charge and with
extremely little effort on my part (all they wanted was the order number and my
address).
    So if I had to point out the best feature it's the sound. I bought this to
listen to audible at night. For the price I think the clarity and bass beat my
more expensive JBL. Also the battery is way better. I can go to sleep twice and
still be above 25 percent. The ear pieces could be a little less deep but if
you're not a side sleeper or using it for bed it's perfect. They do give you a
jersey like bag t keep it in and the magnets on the ear pieces are stronger than
my JBL. Treble is a little tinny when people are shrieking but overall pretty
good. If you want a nice pair of earbuds these are definitely it!
    I bought these to replace my favorite earbuds that died.  The sound quality
is adequate for the price.  I'm very sensitive to sounds and probably being
persnickety. My only complaint is the cord is flat and stiff so it bounces when
I jog, hits me in the face/neck sometimes.  My old pair was a thin round wire
that laid flat. Otherwise, I'm very happy with them.  So far, the battery has
lasted 2 weeks (~10 hours) and is only at 50%.  They connect to my phone with no
issues and the back/forward/pause/play buttons work great.  I had to try a few
different combinations before finding the perfect fit. They do not fall out or
jiggle loose when I jog.
    These are excellent Bluetooth headphones. Costing around $25 you can’t go
wrong. Once you find the correct fit the sound is very good with nice bass. They
stay together with the magnetic connection and have a decent built in mic. When
they turn onthey will tell you what level the battery is. I would say the
playing time is pretty close to 16 hours depending on how loud you have it. You
get good noise reduction if you have them tight with a good suction in your ear.
I could do work outside and cars within 15 feet I could barely hear. You do not
have to turn it up loud to hear them well. The only issue will be when you turn
your head the wire can get caught on your clothing. Not really a big deal for
me. They also offer an extended warranty to 30 months by registering the device.
These are great Bluetooth headphones to enjoy for years hopefully if I don’t
break them. Take care God bless and enjoy the music. I’m glad I got these
instead of the totally wireless earbuds. Better sound and longer battery life
and no syncing issues With the other earbud.
    The sound quality is exceptional, enough for me to write about. I bought
another pair - a wired pair - at twice the price. I thought the quality would be
better given that it was both twice the price and wired. I was wrong. This pair
beat it - and from my experience - has beat every other pair I have had. Now, I
am not a super audiophile, so this may not mean much for those with a more
sophisticated taste (that is willing to pay big bucks for sound). But I am
experienced enough to know that this pair is outstanding for the price. I am
grateful for the purchase, and would recommend to others who want a relatively
inexpensive pair of earbuds, that sound like really good.
    I was surprised by how comfortable these headphones fit as well as the
length of the battery life. I use them to lesion to podcast at work and they are
perfect for that as well as using for music. I do not get the ringing ears that
I have gotten from previous headphones that push to much treble. Another nice
feature is the magnets on the back of the headphones are nice to connect them
around your neck when not in use. They are light enough that you can easily
forget that you have them on. The inline controls are helpful for starting and
stopping what your lessening to when you need to talk to someone .
    I own a few of this type of Bluetooth earbuds.  (Aukey and Anker are the
other two I have).  I picked these up on sale for $20.  These are very similar
to my other ones.  I'm not an audiophile, so I don't have detailed listening
notes.  They seem clear, my music sounds good, and voices are clear.  I don't
notice any distracting extraneous sounds.They came with a 90% charge, which was
nice.  They paired easily with my Pixel 2XL.One thing I didn't notice until I
got them was that they have a flat anti-tangle type cord between the earbuds.
When I first took them out of the package, the cord was stiff and seemed to have
some memory, so she I put the earbuds in, the cord sort of crumpled up under my
chin.  But I just laid them flat for a little bit, and the cord hangs normally
now.Overall, good earbuds for a good price.  Sound gets them 4 stars, but for
the sound at this price, they get 5.
    My husband uses these cause he is almost deaf and can't hear the tv without
using Bluetooth. We have a Bluetooth transmitter so we can pair these ear phones
to it and works great! He can even control his own volume. The main seller for
me was the 16 hrs play time!! They are comfortable in the ear, lightweight
around the neck and not complicated for hubby to use.  I do wish these came with
a longer USB cord though, the cord is only about 4 or 6 inches. These do come
with extra ear pieces and a cute little carry pouch to store while traveling
maybe.
    I buy on average around 4 pairs of headphones a year. I work at home and
have been an avid book listener for almost 20 years. I can’t count how may pairs
of headphones I have gone threw in that time.Since I went to wireless I feel
like I’ve had to buy a pair almost every other month or so, and I need at least
2 pairs to get threw the day (I listen to books ALL DAY), weather I buy a $200
dollar pair or a $30 pair.Well, these headphones have become my new favorite!
They are comfortable, have good sound quality and what I feel is even more
important last FOREVER. I have been using them for almost a week and haven’t
drained the batteries yet. I still use my backup headphones for sleep (my
husband snores) and use that time to charge My Boltunes, but that’s after using
them from around 10am to around midnight. I love them!!
    I needed a new pair of running headphones and almost didn't buy these since
I had been burned on cheap bluetooth headphones before (previously I bought $43
MX10 headphones and they died twice and didn't stay in my ear).  These Boltune
headphones fit in my ear much better than the other headphones I bought, have a
much better sound quality, and are infinitely easier to pair with any device.  I
love that they have magnets in the earbud so that when I take them out they'll
click together around my neck like a necklace (meaning they won't fall off or
get lost when I don't have them in my ears).  The sound quality rivals my Bose
Soundsport headphones!If I had to say something negative about the headphones it
would be that they don't display the battery life or tell me their battery life.
That said, I've never had them run out of power during use.  I just charge them
every once in a while to make sure they're at 100% when I need them.Overall, I
would say these headphones are an amazing purchase because you get a high-
quality sound for a very low price.  The functionality, fit, and wear is great
and rivals high-dollar headphones.  I'm absolutely recommending these to friends
and would buy again if these headphones ever die.
    Had to replace an older wireless earphone from a different brand that lasted
me for a solid 2 years of use, which was great but they no longer sell the same
model. Found Boltune and it worked for a solid 3-4 weeks and went kaput.  I
missed the return/exchange period with Amazon so I emailed customer support.
They provided a way to reset the device... I followed the instructions and it
worked again for a week, then went completely kaput again.  But they quickly
sent me a new replacement and hopefully this one lasts me for at least a year or
two.Great customer support and excellent product (fingers crossed) this one
lasts
    I've purchased Boltune earbuds in the past and they have been great.  I
especially like the battery life on these.  Unfortunately, I recently purchased
two earbud sets and both earbud sets have an annoying defect.  Every time In
turn the set off, then on, I have to pair the earbud set to my phone again.
It's annoying.  I hope these are defects and not how the new Botune's are
supposed to work.  I will be returning both as defective and I'm not sure I will
purchase again because I'm afraid  new earbuds will be the same.
    I have been looking for headphones with good battery life for work and yard
work and so far these are the best quality for the price. I'm going on 5 hours
of non stop play time and there is no indication they are running out soon.Sound
quality is good and I'm pleased at the variety of ear pieces they send, I found
a very comfortable size and I'm having no issues with them falling out or
causing too much ear strain, even though I've been working in the garden all
morning.I love these so much but they broke! I am pretty sure I got the warranty
but I cant figure out how to make a claim
    I'm fairly tough on ear buds and headphones, and I tend to buy cheaper ones
when ordering online. I haven't had this headset for long, but it's already left
a great first impression. It paired with my iPhone no problem, and I like that
there's only three buttons to worry about. The sound quality is great for music
and talking on the phone, and the earbuds actually stay in place and are very
comfortable. The noise cancellation is almost too good for such an affordable
headset. Apparently I missed when my husband was trying to get my attention from
the next room when usually I have radar ears! I also really like the magnets to
keep them connected around my neck so I don't lose them.The best comparison I
can give is to a similar headset that I got in a subscription box that retailed
for approximately $99. That headset had horrendous battery life and would die
after one normal walk with my dogs around the neighborhood. It had a similar
design to this headset (two earbuds connected by a flexible "string"), and the
weight of the little box of buttons kept making it shift to the right and not
stay in place. It also had plastic "hooks" on the earbuds, similar to the rubber
hooks on this headset. Those plastic hooks broke almost immediately, while the
ones on this headset are flexible and comfortable. I've had none of those
problems with this headset.Overall, I'm super impressed after buying these sight
unseen. Definitely a great value!
    I do have to say these are by far one of the most inexpensive quality
earphones.First and foremost for me they are very comfortable plus they dont
fall out of my ears, 2nd they have quality sound, 3rd the lasting charge is
fantastic, (I can fall asleep and there still playing when I wake hours
later)(:4th with them being magnetic there very convenient I do my work, my
housewife things and workout without worrying about where they are or them
slipping off.I'm very satisfied and happy with these earphones.I highly
recommend the purchase.
    The sound quality is okay.  My issue with them is that the cord is so stiff
that it’s really annoying when it bounces while running.  I also have an issue
with these constantly falling out of my ears despite trying all size settings
that were included.  My previous headphones were similar, but discontinued so I
gave these a shot.  Wish I would’ve gone with something else. Update: if you
give these a bad review they will bombard you with emails in an attempt to pay
you off in exchange for changing the review.  I won’t accept since it would be
unethical in my opinion.  I stand by my initial review that you get what you pay
for with this item.
    I have owned these Boltune Bluetooth Headphones for a couple of months now
and I wear them regularly while jogging.The battery life is great. I have only
charged them once so far, and I estimate 20 hours of audiobooks that I've
listened to with them. The advertised 16 hours of playtime seems legitimate.The
earbud does fit well and stay in my ears. While jogging, I occasionally have to
reset the earbud in my ear so that it doesn't fall out, but it is infrequent and
a minor adjustment that I can do without thinking about it. The earbuds are
comfortable, at least for earbuds.I am very happy with the sound quality and how
well it blocks out other noise. I exclusively listen to audiobooks, so the sound
quality matters to me but not as much as it might matter to those listening to
music. The noise cancellation is good, but luckily not too good. I am still able
to hear enough other sounds to avoid a biker passing by me or notice a car
approaching at an intersection.When storing or transporting these headphones,
the backs of the two earbuds are magnetic and snap together. At first, I thought
of this as a minor quality of life, but now I am convinced that all small
headphones should have this same feature. I've never had to pull them out of a
bag awkwardly and I can leave them hanging around my neck with no need to jam
them in a pocket or hold on to them. This might be a small feature, but it is
great!
    I bought these for myself for Mother's day because my work meetings have
become so frequent and I needed something that I could listen and not be corded
to my laptop so I was free to fold laundry and wipe kiddos while muted on a zoom
call. Lol These come with various ear piece sizes so I was able to customize the
ear piece to fit me comfortably.  Great sound and good noise cancellation for
use in a noisy home but wouldn't be strong enough cancellation for something
like mowing or weed eating. They stick out a little far from my ear so not
something I'd side sleep in. I use for work meetings and listening to music or
podcasts while I work out. The batter life is great and they auto connect to the
various devices I use throughout the day. Great product for the price!
    I was really, really confused about this item; but the reviews were good,
and from what I can tell my 2 pairs were a great, unlike the design rip-off for
the anker headphones. And I like the anker. Also, these are a nice color.First
impression: They are attractive. The bead is flat instead of round, and the buds
are slightly larger on their own.Pairing is as easy as it used to be. My phone
noticed them immediately, and when I turned them on, they immediately went into
pairing mode. Anker took another step back.I listened to them, both set to the
same volume - their maximum. I exchanged ear for ear.I tried an orchestra, then
dubstep, then a post Malone song with lots of bass. He won in all departments. I
couldn't believe it, so I closed the volume on these and went through more
songs. The biggest difference was that I could hear the music behind the main
sound. The instruments that were smuggled with the anchor were crystal clear.
The bass is ridiculous. If I like bass songs, I may have thrown the anchors in
the trash. noise cancellation. Apparently, metal is plastic beats. In addition,
they are large. No competition, the boltune earbuds won.
    I used to own a pair of Jaybird X4 headphones, which I loved but when I lost
them I didn't want to spend the money to replace them. I bought these instead
and I was pleasantly surprised.Sound Quality:Good, but not as good as Jaybird
X4. However, given the price difference it's great!Earbud Tips:These are pretty
standard but they work. The largest size was still a bit too small for me. It
still works but it's not as snug as I would like.Ear Wings:I like how these are
fixed and won't move around. The Jaybird X4 had adjustable wings but I found
that that also meant they sometimes moved around on their own and I had to fix
them.Annoying Light:There's a light that blinks every 15 seconds or so when it's
on. Doesn't bother me during the day but it's annoying at night. I fixed it by
covering it with a small piece of tape. It wasn't obvious if there was a way to
disable it.Good Things I Didn't expect:- Battery Life: I've been using it off &
on for 2 days now and it's still at 60%!- Magnetic Thingies: When they're around
your neck but not in your ears you can stick them together with magnets. Making
it harder to lose :)
    These aren't *terrible* headphones by any stretch of the imagination. If
anything, you do get a lot of bang for your buck! My biggest gripe is that
there's a soft, staticky buzz present no matter what's playing. I've tried
several different songs and even watched a Twitch stream, and it's still
there.The battery life is fine -- it does meet the expected 16 hours. They have
a different but comfortable fit, and I can see myself using these for a
while.Don't expect any serious noise cancellation from this; it's about as
average as you're going to get with headphones but nowhere near Bose-levels of
cancellation.Would I get these again? Only if they don't break in the next 90
days! If something else unfortunate happened, sure. A year or so down the line?
Maybe. We'll see.
    These are great headphones, amazing battery life, and quality sound. The
issue is I need to re-sync them with my iPhone 9 each time I want to use them.
Meaning, I need to manually forget the product and resync them each time I want
to use, kind of annoying. It seems others have has this issue but I can't find a
way to reach the manufacturer.Update. Boltune reached out to offer a replacement
product which I took them up on. Hopefully the issue above is remedied. Rating
is updated from two to four stars for this reason.
    Perfect!  My old headphones would break up if I left the room.  I can use
this pair while moving from room to room in my house and the sound stays
perfect.  No distortion.  Very easily connects to all of my devices and the
quality is AH-MAZING for this price point!  (I also pop these in my ears when I
don't want to be disturbed (without them being on) because they block outside
sounds wonderfully.  Lastly, I have very small ear canals and goofy shaped ears,
these come with three sizes of "puffs" for the ends and also three different
sized wedges.  GET THESE - you will love them!!!!!
    Worked great for a month. A little feedback/static but pretty minor, and
since I usually wear only one ear, it kept slipping off my neck because it
doesn’t have a stiff section at the back of the neck like other similar
headphones have. Amazing battery life. I could wear for almost 2 full work days
w/o charging. Then out of nowhere they just died. Indicator light doesn’t turn
on when plugged in, and I even tried with a different cable, different outlet,
different usb block. Won’t turn on, won’t connect...essentially just a hunk of
useless plastic. Super disappointing considering the great reviews. Maybe I just
got a lemon?
    I looked at the reviews for this earbuds and thought that it was a good fit
for me - good bass, good sound quality, no weird ear loopy thing (it's supposed
to keep it on your ear, but it bugs me) and especially the noise cancellation.
On top of that, at a pretty good price! My last set of (wireless) earbuds were
the Powerbeats3, so I was pretty familiar with the good sound quality I had been
experiencing before. I was looking for a replacement because I had accidently
put the Powerbeats3 into the dryer too many times. :(The packaging that it came
in was a pretty nice, small box. There were some earbud fitters, a small
traveling bag for the earbuds, and a charger. It's fairly easy to set up - just
power it on, and connect! It was fully charged when I got it, so I was able to
experience it immediately. I have a test for all my new earbuds - I listen to
some good tunes with good bass ~~ It almost matched up with my old earbuds!! It
was crazy seeing almost the same audio, but a HUGE price difference. One thing
to note is, I use both my earbuds when listening to music, because I usually use
it for Zoom meetings, or listening to music when doing work.And, last but not
least, the battery life lasted from 8 am to 10:30 pm for me. I don't know if the
battery life will stay like this, but I'm hoping it will.Cheers!
    Battery lasts all day, charges quickly, and the magnets actually hold
together really well. The design of the soft ear plugs are the best I've used in
keeping the device in your ear, as compared to apple earbuds, and the standard
simple soft plug design.Not what you really wanna know though right? How do they
sound. Superior to any of the in ear audio devices I've used. Only thing that
beats these is obviously the higher end over the ear headphones.As far as using
them in sports, well, I've played a couple hours of hockey as a tender in adult
league, ACHA, and helping with 18U scrimmages, which they didn't fit as well as
I'd hoped, as they do stick out from the ear more than I have space in my goalie
helmet, but were tolerable, and did well as far as sweat goes, as no one sweats
more than the goalie, especially when you're a coach, tending net at 41yrs old
tending versus high schoolers and college kids. So these things were pretty
soaked and function perfectly after a few months of use.Remote is easy to
access, I can just never remember what the function buttons do, as far as
skipping to volume control. That's one to many concussions, not the earbuds
fault.Love the connection wire as if you're taking them off to charge you're not
gonna drop one, or in the even one were to fall out, in my case putting the
goalie helmet on, might knock em out, easy to retrieve.Cons would be the
aforementioned design sticking out of the ear. You can't lay on your side with
them in, and a snug helmet is going to be a issue getting them to sit right and
comfortably.Highly recommend these.
    Great for the price. This is my second set of these earbuds. The only reason
I am replacing them is because the first pair fell in cement and I wasn’t able
to clean out the mic well enough. The original pair still works great for audio
I just can’t use them for the  phone with the mic damaged.  It is easy to pair
to multiple devices. I can be listening on my pad and when a phone call comes in
it it seamlessly switches to the phone. A great feature for such an affordable
pair of earbuds. I can wear them most of the day without discomfort which is
rare for me.  The fit is so good I can wear them while using power tools and it
helps protect my ears from the ringing I would normally have without protection.
    I'd give this four stars, but these are so big and heavy that they fall out
of my ears. And the cord is way too short. Sound is pretty decent but not
spectacular, but what do you expect for $30 earbuds? You can't really sleep
comfortably with these, I usually wind up taking out the right earbud as I sleep
on my right side. But they still fall out, especially if I'm moving around.
These will fall out with movement, so I don't recommend these for physical
activity of any kind. Because of these things, I can only give three stars.
    I wanted something similar to my friends Bluetooth Bose ear buds with wire
and mic, but I didn't want to pay the Bose price. I found the reviews on these
ear buds to be very good.I am very pleased with these. The Sound quality is very
rich and full. Not all treble. I do not like most ear buds, I hate apple ear
buds they are so hard and wont stay in my ears. I have some Dewalt ear buds I
use a lot but they are wired and sound tinny with mostly treble.These ear buds
can be customized to fit your ear with several sizes of tips and adapters.I am
very happy with these. If you are thinking they may not be good because they are
inexpensive, think again they are a great buy for under $30.
    I tried three different bluetooth headphones in a week. I tried the 'ear
buds', then the 'neckband' style, and then finally this one - just a neck chord.
The ear buds were WAY too heavy and didn't fit my ears. The neckband style hung
weirdly off my front, didn't rest comfortably. FINALLY, I've found something
that works. I can run in these. They're a little larger than I was expecting,
but they fit snug and that's all I want. Great sound quality - surprisingly
really good bass! VERY happy :)
    There are pros and cons to these like every other product out there.Pros:
They have a great battery life, I use them for 2-4 hours straight and they keep
going without any issues.  The sounds quality is really good.  Finding the fit
that feels the best is easy with all the extra parts.  They don't slip or move
around when exercising or moving around a lot.  Also having the cord helps give
me piece of mind that I will not lose them during my long rides.Cons:  Although
this is my first pair of bluetooth earbuds I've used for listening to music
while cycling I expected less wind interference.  They do great at blocking out
sound when not moving at any kind of speed, but I have to turn them up to try
and block out the noise from the wind.  They do not stay paired to my device,
every time I use them I have to pair them again.  Not that this is difficult to
do, but it gets annoying when you just want to turn on and go.  The buttons
don't work as stated.  I can't get it pause or switch through songs.  I use an
app to listen to music, but I would still assume it would at least pause the
music.All in all they are really good earbuds and the pros help outweigh the
cons.  I'm not sure I would recommend them for use while cycling.Update:  I was
able to get ahold of the company and was able to figure the buttons out along
with it starting synced to my device.
    I am very happy with these headphones. I have really small ears so it is
hard to find good headphones that don't fall out. These have 3 sizes for the in
ear part and the part that goes inside the outer ear so you can really customize
the fit for you. I have the smallest for both and they are nice and snug without
being uncomfortable. My husband tried them with the largest of both and he also
loves them so he is going to get a pair too. The sound is really nice as well.
My husband is a lot pickier than I am in this arena and he is happy with them as
well.
    At first glance they seemed quite large and heavy, but they are comfy and
stayed in my ear perfectly fine while on a jog! I wasn’t sure if I would like
the headphones with hooks on them but these are nice. They easily paired with my
iPhone and I had no problems with music while using. The sound quality is good!
I have yet to discover how long the battery life lasts but hopefully it’s
decent. One thing I noticed is that they don’t automatically turn off, you have
to manually turn them off/disconnect the Bluetooth from your phone even when you
connect the ends back together. Not difficult to do though.
    I got these a couple weeks ago as a replacement to some TaoTronics blu tooth
earbuds I had been using since 2018.  I was hesitant to get new ones, because
the old ones fit so well and barely every slipped out of my ear.  However, after
using a faulty charger and frying them, I no longer had a choice, except to
run/workout without music, and what kind of choice is that really?After getting
them and trying them on, the first thing I noticed was that these fit extremely
snugly and easily in my ears. They charged pretty quick, maybe an hour at most,
and were very user friendly as far as pairing them with my galaxy s9.  Simply
hold the middle button (between the volume adjusting buttons) and when the light
flashes red and blue, I found them and synced them to my phones blu tooth.I was
waiting to do a proper review until after running in them, which is the real
test of blu tooth earbuds.  After a fairly high intensity run for around 30mins,
I am happy to report that they didn't fall out of my ears a single time or even
feel loose or on the verge of falling out (a common problem with my Tao's after
working up a sweat). The audio sounds great, especially after using an older
pair for so long.All in all these are great headphones for the price and the
only complaint I have is that the max volume would be damaging to your ears, as
a comfortable level is around 25%-33%  (at most) of max volume.
    I bought these and then Galaxy Buds + and am very impressed by these. The
Galaxy buds are better suited for certain things, but I plan to use these when
working outside since I can hang them on my neck when not needed. Sound quality
is great and battery life is ridiculously good and not one disconnect issues
with my Note 9. I have tried other true wireless and similar to these sets and
have had bad luck with connection issues. Maybe it was my phone and an update
fixed the issue. Very happy with these especially for the price.
    These earbuds are worth every penny. Very well built. They feel very sturdy
and premium, and it seems like they will last a long time. The grey color looks
great, and the battery life is quite impressive as advertised. I have had them
for almost two months now and they show no signs of wear. They fit in my ear
very well, and have plenty of tips to choose from to customize the fit to many
different sizes. The sound is really good, but not quite as good as my $100
wired earbuds that I've had for a while. I can tell that the wired earbuds have
an ever so slightly wider range of sounds, but I had to really listen to the
earbuds side by side to notice the tiny difference at all. Honestly the
difference was so small that I'm probably knit picking. These babies are loud
though. Much louder than my wired earbuds, which is key cause I like to destroy
my eardrums with rock and roll! Overall, if you want great sound on a budget,
you really cant get much better than these earbuds.
    I have small ears and most headphones do not stay in, even with the smallest
earbuds. These stay in well as they grip your inner ear. Not the best sound
quality, but for such a good price it is hard to beat. I wore them for about an
hour and my ears started to get a little irritated from the clip part, but I
never really wear headphones too much longer than an hour at a time. I would
recommend them, just don't think you will be blown away by some amazing sound
quality for less than $30.
    I received these earphones about two weeks ago and so far I don’t really
have a complaint. They pair easily with all my devices, which has been a problem
in the past with other brands/models. My favorite spec is the battery life. Most
models I’ve tried in the past would last a few hours tops. Out of the box, these
lasted ~14hrs, though I may be off as it was difficult to time it accurately.
2.25hrs to charge fully. While a lot of earphones have these features, I think
it’s less usual among models in the $30 range.The charging cord is only a few
inches long but makes sense as one wouldn’t likely use them while charging and
that saves space carrying it when not at home.Given that they are waterproof
I’ve worked out in them outside. The only downside is I wish there were some
kind of attachment to reign in the flopping wire, though that’s a problem with
most headphones. I have used a paperclip on the back of my shirt which seems to
do the trick.Other than that, I’m very happy with them.
    Let me start with the sound quality. It does sound pretty good. Second, it
is pretty comfortable in your ear also they give you a bunch of ears buds with
it so you can pick and choose.I took one star because of the wire kinda bothers
me, since it is not sturdy and keeps hanging. It would be great if it could just
sit at a place on your neck rather than adjusting it all the time.Next, I love
the build quality of the earplugs and the magnet kinda helps you from losing
it.They also give you a cool pouch to carry it.Pretty awesome if you ask me for
the price point.
    I have now purchased "three" pairs of these headsets. (All Amazon
verified)Amazing quality (and to be frank, probably just as good as the $200+
headphones).The sound quality is good, and the plugs are very comfortable, yet
strong.The only thing it's not good for is taking calls. In my experience, the
person on the other end of the call always claims that they can hear my
background noises very clear and loud.So, had to buy their noise cancellation
pair for calling.In all, Boltune now has had 4 (if not more) purchases from me,
and I'm sure I'll be back for more.
    These headphones are great. I got them for jogging, and they are very light.
I didn't know that they came with magnets to hold around your neck while not
wearing. They stick into my ears well without feeling uncomfortable. It came
with many other plastic ear connectors but I haven't tried them as the default
fits well. To be honest I just bought the first reasonable set that came up, and
also wasn't aware that these don't go around the top of the ear which I don't
really care for. This is better. The default plug part has a little curve that
fits inside of the curves of the outer ear that works surprisingly well.
    Just had a run with these and no slip ups and its does not fall on your
ears. The noise cancellation works as using these headphones in work i can get
through it without all the bickering and noise of the workplace and focus on my
work. Mostly the bass of the headphones really fills in the music and cancels
the noise of the outdoors. I've been using these guys for a whole day and no
issues so far with battery just charge it up with the included cable and
readjust with the included ear buds and your good to go for the next day. Worth
the price and good value.
    These are my son's favorite type of earbuds for sleeping with.  And I really
like Boltune...good quality.  My son tends to go through them at a quite rapid
pace...he is autistic and his temper is legendary at times.  Also, he insists on
wearing these to bed so he can listen to ASMR. So during sleep sometimes they
get damaged.  Anyway, I try to have a pair on hand for when the other pair
breaks, preferably this brand!  I've listened to them as well and they have
REALLY good sound.  Good noise cancellation and bass especially! I really like
them.
    Great battery life, sound quality, and button controls. I have been using
these almost everyday for the past couple months now! Good sound quality,
volume, and bass.I have smaller ears, so I had to switch out for the smaller
rubber earbud piece, which was included (three sizes are provided). I also had
to remove the rubber wing tips because they were hurting my ear, but they were
easily removable. Appreciate the different sizes for customizability.Love the
magnetic feature which keeps them stuck together when hanging around my neck.
Great headphones!
    I am not one to spend a lot of money on headphones, as I am notorious for
losing, breaking, washing, or generally being irresponsible with them. I have
owned a few inexpensive pairs and when I broke my most recent $10 pair, my
husband tried to talk me into the same very expensive top name brand pair that
he has. No thanks.I purchased this pair after reading all of the reviews and
feeling confident that at the very least it would meet basic expectations. I was
pleasantly surprised with the entire package. The headphones look sleek and
perform well. The sound quality is the best I've found in an inexpensive pair.
It was very similar quality to my husband's $200 pair. The cord that connects
the two buds is just the right length. I've found a lot are too long, and the
cord gets tangled in hooded coats and sweatshirts. The noise cancellation is
enough to be effective but not so much that I don't know what's going on around
me when I'm out and about. I've had them for 4 days now and haven't had to
charge them yet, and this was straight out of the box without charging them
first. They paired seamlessly with my phone and have a longer reach than any
previous pair (ie I can walk farther away from my phone and have it still stay
connected. Handy if I'm cleaning around the house but my phone needs to
charge).Overall very happy with my purchase and god forbid when I do something
irreversible to this pair, I will order another.
    This is my 2nd set of these earbuds.  When they worked, they worked great!
BUT, when I recently bought a new set to replace a set that failed after a year,
they only worked for a week.  Now I am waiting for replacements.  I don't
understand why it is taking so long.  I was told I would receive them on July13.
Now, there is no date.  If I bought them again, Amazon says I would get them in
a week.  What gives?  For a warranty claim, I would expect better service.  I am
SOOOO disappointed.
    This headphones works like a charm! The sound quality its surprisingly good
and battery life is very good also, When you have them on it cancelled outside
noises pretty well. I work inside and enclose warehouses and I barely hear the
machinery around me which is a mega plus for me since I hate the loud noises and
overall loud sounds.That being said the only negative I have of this product so
far is that the mic its a bit lacking in the fact that many of tye people I have
conversations with or exchanging voice clips said they barely hear me, I tend a
not to scream or talk loudly but using this mic forces me to raise my voice
making me sound angry or upset which is not the case but speaking normally it
seems to not capture it very well.Overall for the low price its being sold I
highly recommend them if your on a budget or on the fence of buying a pair at a
reasonable price. The work very well, comfortable, with lasting battery life,
good sound quality for the price and the design its also good.
    I really like that you get 3 sizes of ear covers and ear hooks and that they
are separate.  You can use the small bud covers and the medium hooks.  The one
downside is the controls are on a box on the cord rather than on the buds
themselves.  This means the controls add weight to one side and tend to pull on
that side a little.  I did not rate the noise cancellation as I did not buy them
for this feature and have never bought/wanted noise cancelling headphones so I
have no comparison.
    I use these on mountain bike rides. I wanted a wireless pair as my last ear
buds were wired and the wiring got ruined during a ride. At any rate, I have
been pleased so far. There are 3 different sets of fittings to find the right
size and fit for your ears. Once I got that dialed in they are very comfortable
and snug. I have ridden on a pretty fast downhill single track trail and they
stayed put and sounded great in spite of the rough terrain and wind. No problem
with battery life but my rides haven't been super long. I haven't tested the
full battery life yet. Overall, quality of the materials is good and sound is
decent as well. I would buy again. I do like the magnetic feature as well so I
can take them off but keep them around my neck while still active.
    I love these Bluetooth headphones. I use them for work around the house,
long walks, and for meetings via laptop or phone. The extra earbud curve took a
bit to adjust to, but the headphones rarely fall out of my ears and after a
while I don't notice that they are there. The quality of sound is good, although
wind or poor wifi connection can affect it, and when the battery is low the
connection wavers. I noticed that I have to turn them off when using a
waterpik/electric flosser because the vibrations interfere with the Bluetooth
connection. If the battery is low you have to wait until the headphones are
charged again - Bluetooth doesn't work while they are charging. I like that
there are different sized earbuds that come with the headphones so you can adapt
to your comfort level. I haven't used them extensively to listen to music, but
the sound quality is good for talking and podcasts. I receive occasional
complaints about difficulty hearing my voice when talking outside due to
background noise, so I think it blocks out outside noise fairly well (it's not
soundproof) but it also picks up background noise quite a bit for the person on
the other end (mic vs speaker). I haven't kept track of the battery life, but I
use it for 2-4 hours continuously and as long as I turn it off and then back on
as needed (instead of leaving it on the whole time) the charge lasts for several
days. I also love having a cord attached to the earbuds so they never get lost,
although the cord could be a little shorter for me personally. Over time, the
battery life does decrease, but it is lasts for at least four hours of play
still.
    After looking at multiple variations on similar earbuds. I decided on these
Boltune bluetooth headphones. I have only had them a few days but I really like
them so far.Pros:-The sound and volume are very good in my opinion especially
for my uses at the gym/home (I am no expert but the bass is also much richer
than other bluetooth earbuds I have owned)-They stay in my ears throughout my
workout with the right size tips and hooks-So far the battery life has been
great! I have been using them for short (1 hour) bursts for the last three days
and they still have ~80% charge. Hopefully this keeps up.-Bluetooth 5.0 is quick
to pair and has excellent range as well as low lag when watching videos-IPX7
waterproofing means they have been sweat proof (I have not tested more than
that)-Reasonably priced-The earbuds are pretty lightweight even with the remote-
The buttons work well and have intuitive controls-The flat cable is more durable
and does not tangle as easily as a standard round cord-The magnet feature for
keeping around your neck when not in use in niceCons:-I really prefer a
different style fit than the silicone tip, it's functional but not the most
comfortable for me-The earbuds themselves stick out pretty far from my ears-They
don't seem to stay connected to my device if I switch devices (So if I am
listening to the earbuds with my phone then want to switch to my computer I have
to manually connect them to the computer, they will not connect
automatically)-They make a lot of bouncing noise when continuously running or
jumping so keep that in mind if that is what you plan on doing with them-The
included bag only just fits the earbuds, not the cable or additional ear tips
and hooksSo in my view the pros outweigh the cons here and I am overall pretty
happy with the purchase especially considering the price. They are a nice
replacement for my previous earbuds (not from this company) which finally wore
out.
    These are the best headphones that I have found for working out and running.
The adaptability of the ear piece makes this a comfortable set of headphones
that does not fall out of your ears while active. Once owning these I will not
go back to any other type of headphones. I used to use the behind the ear wrap
thinking that was the key to keeping the earpieces in place but these are way
better. With the right sizing I have yet to have these fall out of my ears while
running even once I start sweating. Customer service is also great as I had 1
pair that failed to charge after just under a year, after a picture of the
device not charging they sent new ones right away with no charge. The sound to
me is great but I am no expert on the subject. From harder rock to up tempo
music I have had no complaints and the Bluetooth connection is solid with no
skipping. I bought a second pair for those times that I have forgot to charge
them and need to get out the door for a run at that instant or it won't happen.
This happened once and I used my old headphones and half way throught the runn I
just took them off because I was so annoyed with them . I highly recommend these
headphones!
    Let's get this out front...I hate buying headphones. Trying to figure out
what will last, stay in my ears when I run, etc is really a pain in the behind.
That being said I really enjoyed these (until my wife's cat ate them). I was
worried about battery life but I can listen off an on all day without a problem.
They stay in when I run (as well as any others Iv'e every had). They also charge
really fast (great if you do run out of battery). I think that buying them again
says it all.
    I REALLY wanted to love these headphones. The came beautifully presented,
there were several size ear buds and a couple sizes of the piece that holds it
in your ear, but no matter what combination I tried, they wiggled loose during
runs. My other pair of headphones had the inner ear piece at an angle. These are
straight, so maybe that's the difference. But they always feel loose and I spend
much of my run fiddling with my headphones, which is annoying. Everyone's ears
are different, so they might work great for you. They just didn't fit me right.
I'm bummed.
    I really like these , great sound for the price.Very light weight so the
easily stay in your ear.When you want to take them off for a minute and  hang
them around your neck they magnetize together like a necklace so you don’t loose
them which is awesome .My only complaint is that I have to forget them in my
Bluetooth settings and re search as a new device every time I use them which
takes all of 10 seconds but it could be my phone not the head phones ,although I
don’t have any problems with any other devices.
    These headphones are perfect for running and working out!! I have AirPods
but they would always fall out of my right ear, and even with the volume turned
all the way up I could still barely hear my music when I ran whether it was
indoor or outdoors. I don't have either of those problems with these headphones!
They stay in perfectly no matter how far I run and I only need to have my music
at half volume to be able to hear it. Thanks so much- these are everything I
needed!!
    I'm really hard on headphones and had been looking for a quality pair for a
fair price so I wouldn't have to baby them. I bought these and had been enjoying
them for a few weeks, when, to my dismay, I accidently lost them in a load of
laundry. It wasnt until after the cycle was complete that I discovered them in
my washing machine and thought, great, there goes another pair:(I pushed the
headphones' power button and, to my surprise, the blue light went on! I paired
them to my phone, turned on some music, and the speakers worked! I called a
friend and the microphone worked! Astonishinly, everything remained intact and
in perfect working condition.So, from this experience I can honestly say that
these headphones are truly a quality and waterproof product.
    These earphones were great.  I purchased them in January 2020, and I wore
them to bed most nights to listen to something while I fell sleep. Yesterday
(Nov 2, 2020), the right side earphone quit working. I like them so much tho, I
bought another set in the updated version. This design works best for me because
I don’t lose them in bed, unlike wireless earbuds. I particularly like that the
earbuds magnetize together, so they loop around my neck when they’re not in my
ears.
    This is my third set of the Boltune headsets. The first one I gave to my
daughter after using them for a few months because she needed a set of Bluetooth
headsets. She loves them! The second one I misplaced -😞 so I ordered another.
They work great - I love the long battery life. Also the magnet on the end of
the ear pieces is great, as when I have them around my neck when I am walking
and not using them I never have to worry about losing them. I like the strap
also, just added security so I don’t lose them. I listen to books etc at night
and they are durable. I sometimes wake up with them still around my neck and
they are very durable. Highly recommend - can’t beat the price.
    These are my first Bluetooth headphones I’ve bought and I absolutely love
them. I use them for talking in the phone while doing other things and can
multitask without needing my hands to hold the phone. The sound is great for
music and everyone says they hear me very clear when on the phone. They’re
priced affordably. And when you need to take them out of your ears for a break
you can still wear them around your neck & they’ll stick together without
falling because of the magnet.
    The best thing about these earbuds is the sound quality. I had order a pair
of headphones from another seller when I ordered these earbuds and when they
both came I was surprised to find out that my earbuds had better sound quality
than the headphones. The headphones are great for noise canceling I wore them
while I was using a jack hammer to redo a bathroom and they worked just as well
as a pair of ear muffs for canceling the sound. They are a great pair of earbuds
and I have never regretted buying them.
    I had very low expectations based on the price, but was extremely surprised
how great these headphones started out to be.  The packaging was great, and even
has instructions. Unheard of on Amazon. They paired up easy and sounded amazing.
My girlfriend loved them also, so I bought another pair for her. That's when it
all went bad. Hers did not come with the spare ear pieces or instructions. No
problem, not really needed. When we charged it up and finally used it we could
not get it to pair with her phone. Her phone kept wanting to pair with my set
until I turned mine off. What we learned is that they use the same exact
bluetooth address or whatever it is, so devices can not tell the difference
between the two headsets, so the signals cross and switch back and forth to what
I'm listening to and vise versa. So basically you can not use 2 of these in the
same location. Bummer. Then after about 2 weeks mine stopped working all
together.  Bigger Bummer.  I'm sending it back to Amazon and will not
repurchase.  I'm glad I waited to write this review.
    I needed some headphones for when I jog in the rain or on really hot days
when I sweat a lot.  I've been through multiple pairs of sport headphones.
These were at a great price point.  Unfortunately, these starting having
problems very early on.  While on a long run the other day, I got a lot of
static in my right earbud.I like the fit of the earbuds with the earbud which
goes into the canal and the ear hook which secures out in place.  I use mine for
jogging so having them stay in place without water getting inside the ear is
key.  So comfort and stability are great.They have a nice magnetic component on
the backs which makes it easy to wrap around your neck while not in use  I wish
it came with a clasp on the cord so you could secure the cord while jogging.  It
bounces a lot in the front but less of a problem in the back.Controls are simple
and easy to use.  Very easy set up.  Charges quickly.Unfortunately, these were
billed as waterproof.  And maybe the static is from something else.  Either way,
I plan on returning them.
    This is my second pair, because my teenager tried mine and loved them. He
uses them for zoom class and I use them for exercise. I have small ears - son
has large ears. These arrive with three sizes so they should work for anyone.
Once I figured out how to twist them so the point follows along my ear, they
don't budge. They sounds good, even when working out. Setup was a breeze. I
charge them each night so I'm sure to have my tunes for the next morning's work
out.I like these much more than wireless earbuds...these allow me to take one
out while I'm crossing the street or see neighbors. I can remove one, let it
hang, and still say "hi" or hear oncoming traffic. The magnetic clasp allows me
to wear them around even when I'm not using them. Genius!
    The sound quality is great for these wireless earbuds. These earbuds cancel
noise so well, I do not need hearing protection while remodeling my house. The
16 hour battery life is definitely true to its name, while charging takes any
where from 2-4 hours for a full charge. If the battery does get depleted, a
voice will tell you "battery low," and you have about 10 minutes left until the
battery dies completely. Pairing to the android phone was easy and took about 1
minute to complete. The different sized ear buds and mesh pouch are a nice touch
to this already great wireless earbud design. I have already bought a second
pair!!!
    Thought these were going to be a loss. After 6 months they quit working on
me. I rated them very lowly after that.My bad.After speaking with customer
service they shipped me a replacement set quickly. They were very adamant about
me having a working pair.Great customer service, sound, battery life. No doubt,
I will be purchasing the newer wireless ones after this experience. Buy!
    I bought these my wife for walking, and we liked them is much that I got a
set as well.  These sound better than my Soundbuds Slim.  More bass.  More
midrange.  Clearer overall sound.They pair well with phones and PCs.  They fit
well, and are lightweight.  Great bang for the buck.Why not 5 stars?  They’re a
great midrange product.  My Jabra Elite 65t are my current 5-star benchmark for
music and sound quality.
    These headphones sound great and the battery lasts a long time. I had an
issue with a defective pair and customer service was very helpful in dealing
with replacing them at no additional cost. Jacky from their customer service
told me: "We are committed to providing you quality products and top-notch
customer service and hope to serve you for years to come."... and I can
definitely say they've followed through on that promise. I highly recommend
these headphones.
    So far I'm enjoying the headphones. It's a very nice product for the price.
I've gone through three or four headphones ranging from $30 to $200 and I have
returned them all for one thing or another. I was especially disappointed with
the $200 set; I really haven't been able to tell the difference in quality
between the expensive and less expensive products. So far, this product has
great sound, people tell me the mic sounds great, and they have a great fit to
my ear (things I found lacking with previous products). I've been looking for a
pair like this, but with a hard case to hang around my neck; I think I still
like the hard case better, but just the wire doesn't bother me as much as I
thought.
    I really like this headset. It is comfortable and has great battery life. I
didn't have to charge the headset for a few days. It connects easily. I really
like the magnet feature. It is great to just hook the magnets together and not
lose the headset. I can also comfortably leave one earbud in and connect the
magnet up to it when I need to be alert and hear with the other ear. The sound
quality is bar far better than other headsets I've tried and the noise canceling
feature is awesome as well. I received this product as a gift for Christmas and
am very happy.
    I don't expect enthusiast audio quality at this price point.  It does the
job.  The magnetic tips on the earbuds are nice for keeping them around your
neck when not in use.  They fit nicely in my ears.My biggest complaint is that
the unit will disconnect and reconnect randomly when in mid-conversation, which
has happened several times already, and this is very frustrating.  Aside from
that, it would be 4 or 5 stars.Edit: I simply had too many issues with this
headset where it was constantly disconnecting and re-connecting which made them
unusable.  Dropping to one star.
    I am extremely picky about my headphones and i hate spending money, i had my
last set of Boltune bluetooth headphones for 6 years! So naturally when i needed
new ones i went for these and i am not disappointed. This model is even better
than the last pair i had. Sound quality is spectacular, they fit in my ears and
stay there, and the battery lasts forever. I find the magnetic buds to be so
helpful, when i am not using them but will be soon i just wrap them around my
neck and they clink together, i dont have to worry about misplacing them or
tangled wires. Whenever i need headphones again i will definitely get boltunes.
    I've only had these a few day but so far I love them.  I use them for
conference calls and to listen to music.They STAY put in my earsThey are easy to
PAIRThe control buttons are EASY to use by feel, up/down volume,
mute/hangup.They cancel noise so well that when I need to hear what's going on
around me while on a call or listening to music,  I can easily use 1 earpiece
and leave one out without it pulling out the one I'm using.I gave 5 start on the
battery but I've only used them a short time... but so far the battery is great.
    Bought this for my teenager boy and he is in love with ... he wants to buy
another pair for his school gym lockerIt comes with extra set of ear buds with
different sizes, charging port and a small mesh bag for the storage. Packaging
is very sleek.It does what it advertised to every single detail !!!and i love
the design with magnet so it wont wobble around while around the neck.Its range
is incredible and it works more than 16 hrs. With all these features u can’t
beat the price!Strongly recommend
    For under $30, these are a great buy. If noise cancelling is a high priority
for you, these headphones are extremely effective. They pair easily and stay put
while wearing - I can use these while jogging and trust that they won't fall
out.Four stars because:1. They cannot be used while charging. This would be a
very useful feature for me since I often use them while working at a desk, and
it would be convenient to charge and use them simultaneously.2.  Sound quality
is good, not great. I'd put it on par with other headphones in the same price
range. If you're looking for Bose or Sennheiser quality, spend the extra cash.
But if these are just casual listening headphones for you, the quality is
perfectly acceptable.
    the seller offers a 20 dollar gift card if you leave a review. I think that
is the reason it has so many. bribing gift card aside, I do think the earphones
are good for the price and I would buy them again because of its value and
quality, but its worth reading carefully the other customers reviews to see if
they are the right fit for you. the gray color is a tad darker than showed. the
magnet between earplugs is strong and the sound is clear. Im thinking about
buying another set.
    Initially I was a bit hesitant to buy these Bluetooth headphones, since an
expensive pair of Backbeats bit the dust after a year. So how good could an less
expensive pair be? But, the reviews were good, so I took the leap.The sound
quality is amazing! As an audio engineer and audiophile, I am quite picky, and
these headphones deliver crisp full range audio. And the price can't be beat. At
the price I could have 2 pairs, one to use while the other one needs a charge
and still be cheaper than the Backbeats.The only minor mention is the cord
between the earbuds could be a little longer.
    Overall: These arrived the next day. They are a very high noise quality.
Battery lasts forever.ProsNoise quality is more crisp than any other we've
usedFit in ears in a way that is adjustable for comfortDoesn't fall off when
workingAccommodates small earsWaterproof, works well in shower especially
compared to other budsCharges quicklyHolds charge foreverConsNone after a few
months.
    My first impression was disappointment as I was unable to access the USB
port as the cover would not release*.  I tried without success in contacting
customer support[phone and email].  I asked Amazon for a replacement which came
the next day.This proved to be the proper solution. The device performs
flawlessly and pairing was straightforward.  One minor issue is the instruction
leaflet could be printed in a bit larger font.  Because of my poor eyesight I
had to rely on a magnifying glass!
    phone call audio and speaker works ok, my callers have a hard time hearing
me at times but that could just be my connection.Not water proof. It started
raining during my jog and headphone died before I got home.However, the seller
reached out to me and offered to send me a new pair, free of charge with proof
of purchase, and they followed through quickly.The sound quality is great! I
watched a movie on my new-ish TV and could t understand a lot of the sentences
with heavy accents, and it was muffled. I watched it again with the headphones
and heard and understood everything crystal clear!
    Likes:  The sound quality is nice, not great, but, nice.  The battery life
is fair to good.Disklikes:  The cord is either too short or too long and catches
on clothing (if it were longer I could tuck it into a shirt).  The mic
apparently just barely works - most people I talk to with it on tell me that
they have a hard time hearing me.  After using for more than a few months the
headset started to randomly disconnect and even shut down (even with a full
charge).Simply can't recommend these to anyone.
    Pros:- Sound quality has been fairly good.- Life span per charge as good as
advertised, ~14 hrs.- Charging time as advertised, ~90 minutes for full but
could go with for hours with just a few minutes of charge.- Been using it daily
non stop without issues for 5 months, until unexpectedly one day it just
died.Cons:- After 5 months it suddenly died. It won't turn back on and I'm not
sure what happened. I've put it to charge and it seems to charge but when I try
to turn it on, it just won't.Ordering again because it deserves a second chance.
Value over price proposition, under current market alternatives seem
reasonable.Updating to 5 stars because their customer service showed commitment
to provide full satisfaction and seeing a returning customers.
    Original Review:Purchased in late April, stopped pairing in mid-October.
Excellent sound and mic quality for the price, but they are useless if can't
pair with/ phoneUpdate:The manufacturer reached out to me and sent a replacement
headset.  As stated earlier, the headset performance is excellent value for the
price.  Combine that with a commitment to customer satisfaction and this becomes
a no-brainer purchase.
    These earbuds are very customizable. They have three different size
attachments to fit in your ear canal, and they also have adjustable outer ear
hooks that sit just above the ear canal. This allows them to stay tight in your
ears even during vigorous activities such as running.  They also have a magnetic
clasp which allows them to close securely around your neck when not in use The
sound is a particularly rich base, which makes them great for listening to hip-
hop especially. They are definitely good for activity all around.
    I've been on the hunt for a pair of headphones that can get me through a
full workday for about 2 years. I've tried Altek, Anker, Jbuds and various
offbrands for a decent pair of bluetooth headphones that don't require a
recharge during the day. I've found these to be remarkable. Fair sound quality,
seamless connectivity, best noise canceling I've tried (although I don't use it)
but they have shockingly good battery life. I'm picky about the comfort of
headphones and cannot tolerate hard earbuds and these are great after 9 hours of
use. The cord is comfortable and doesn't get tangled in my hair. I will say the
play/forward/back buttons are a little stiff but that doesn't impact how much I
will use these. I'm tempted to buy a second pair to keep with my workout gear as
I keep these with my computer.
    I am receiving a $20.00 dollar gift card for this review but this is an
honest review.The sound quality is great. The bass is noticeable and the voice
is clear and loud. They come with multiple ear pieces so finding the one that
fits your ear comfortably is easy. It also has a little bag to store it in. Only
downfall if you want to consider it to be trully a downfall is the charger that
it comes with is short. But you wont be using them while they charge so like I
said no big deal. They charge fast and last a long time.Really recommended
product if you dont want to break the bank with a name brand. I use them for
exercise so they are going to get sweat and dirt from hiking and what not. So it
fits my need.
    UPDATE:Company reached out to me and provided exceptional customer service.
They definitely take care of their customers.Purchased a couple of these units.
Worked great for about 3 months; great sound and call quality. However, now both
are useless. It is a small miracle to get them to charge, little more of a
miracle to get them to turn on, and a full-on miracle to get them to connect.
When I can get them to charge, turn on, and actually connect, I get a lot of
static.  If it was one unit, i would chalk it up to something with that specific
set but since it has affected both units at the same time, it has to be the
design and construction. I know they are not very expensive but try another
manufacturer.
    I have bought many pairs of bluetooth headphones including a pair of Bose
headphones . for the most part these have be. I listen to music in the morning
while I am getting breakfast ready, I often forget to tun them off for several
hours, but there is always plenty of battery to get through the day. I do wish
it had separate buttons for volume and skip.  I listen to books and often loose
my place so I have to take out my phone to go back.  The one thing I liked about
the Bose was the clip that hooked to your shirt that kept them in place. because
I work in a kitchen I usually only have one headphone in.  So I ordered some
headphone clips and use them with these headphones.. I would highly recommend
buying these
    I use my earbuds mostly for watching tv or listening to music so as not to
disturb my husband sleeping. I have gone through a lot. I have a bad habit of
falling asleep while watching television at night and that leads to my ear buds
battery depleting more often than I care. The biggest thing I love about these
ear buds is that they automatically shut off after a certain amount of
inactivity while using watching television via my firestick. So, I get more use
between charges. I have noticed that it does not do that while listening to
music via my phone, but I usually remember to turn them off when I am done
anyway. I have to say, overall these are great and have long battery life. I
loved them so much, I came back and bought two more pairs.
    What a great product for the amount of money spent.  I needed a wireless
pair of earbuds for exercising but was afraid to go with true wireless since bud
often time have a hard time staying in my ears. After researching the multitude
of budget bluetooth buds on the market finally pulled the trigger on the Boltune
set. I am very happy about my decision.When I am in an environment where I need
a little more awareness I can just remove one bud and  tuck it in my collar. If
the situation changes I can just pop the other bud in right away.  I also love
the magnetic connector for storage.I gave the noise cancellation only 3 stars
because getting a true tight fit in my ears was difficult to completely block
out ambient noise. It may just be my ears. However, more than good enough for
the money I had to paid.
    When they asked me to write an honest review I thought - okay, I’m gonna be
totally honest though.They arrived on April 2. I have had them a little over a
month.This is about the 10th pair of Bluetooth headphones/ear buds I have bought
on Amazon. Why so many? Well I buy em cheap because I “misplace” then. I sleep
in them every night. I bike and walk in them.I try to stay around 20 bucks. This
is the first time I’ve bought this brand. I bought them for the battery life and
the reviews are solid.Here’s the good news. This is the best pair of ear buds
I’ve ever bought on Amazon. They sound good (similar time other brands I e
bought here). I like the look and feel and yes - the batter life is OUTSTANDING.
I sleep in them, wake up and have coffee and then go for an hour of exercise. No
issues.I’m an ordering another pair. These are legit.
    I have tried almost every set of wireless headphones I can find. I wear them
pretty much all day every day as I’m running power tools.  Battery life is a
solid 6-8 hours. They fit in my ears better than the high baller Bose or Sony
ones. And they are reasonably priced i usually get about a year to a year and a
half out of them before they get crunched by something heavy. They are the best
ones I’ve found.
    Very good sound for the price. Volume goes much higher than the previous
pair I replaced with these. I listen just about all day on the road and working
outside and they sound really good.Fit is fine. The magnets could perhaps hold
together a little more tightly but they work well enough to mostly stay put when
not in use. The larger ear pieces can wiggle loose from my ears from time to
time but by and large they stay in place even when I am active.The real selling
point is the sound quality; given the sale price put them under $20 when I
picked them up I am really pleased with them.
    After owning these for a while, I can confidently say that these headphones
are great. The sound is clear and balanced, the battery life is pretty good. I
turn them off when not in use and that helps with the battery as well. I like
how compact the headphones are and that I can wear them around my neck without
needing to put them in a case or hold them in my hand. The only addition that I
would like to have would be some kind of a clip to attach to my clothing when I
am using only one earpiece, particularly when driving and talking on the phone.
All in all, I would highly recommend these headphones to anyone.
    I love this style of BT, they seem to hold so much more battery power, and
you can disconnect them easily around your neck, and they magnet together so you
don't have to pocket them or worry so much about them getting lost. And the cost
is super reasonable for what you get. I had a previous pair similar to these,
and the 'wings' on the earbuds make them stay in more securely when exercising.
Thumbs up
    I was looking for something for my home office that I could take around with
my phone as well. These came across as well reviewed, and I can see why. They
are by far the most comfortable earphones I've worn; that was important because
I'd wear them for extended periods. The sound quality is awesome, it's actually
better than the ear-covering headphones I used to wear. The pairing experience
with my laptop and phone was seamless; there was hardly any setup required.If
you're looking for something inexpensive, I'd highly recommend these.
    Love the sound on these new Boltune Bluetooth earphones! I had two issues of
which one is resolved but for the other, no solution.1. The earphones did not
auto connect to my IPhone no matter how many times I tried. Every time I turned
them on, it didn’t connect and asked me to click Forget This Device. I did that
and switched Bluetooth off and on on my phone and connected it again as a fresh
connection. It kept bothering me so I had a chat with Amazon support before
thinking of returning it. They helped me reset the earphone by pressing the On
button for 20-30 seconds and restarted the phone. It works fine now.2. The other
more pressing issue is the wings provided with the earphone hurt my ears. They
are too pointed and if I use a smaller set, it keeps falling off my ears.I think
I’ll try and use it a couple of days more and see if they stop hurting else I’ll
have to return them.On the bright side, I love the sound quality and the fact
the people on the other side of the phone can hear me properly.
    These are great. I feel like I have small ears, and the interchangeable
pieces made it easy to make them fit my ears perfect. The sound is awesome, and
the battery life is amazing. They also come with a mesh carry case, which is
handy! The magnetic piece to join them together if they are not in your ears is
a great addition also. I would definitely recommend, and would definitely
purchase again if something happened to mine!
    I purchased these to replace another set that had absolutely horrible sound
quality.  These definitely fixed that issue.  They sound great.  They are also
relatively comfortable for ear buds... they stay in place well.  Can't really
comment on battery life yet, but 1.5 hours didn't really make a dent in the
indication on my phone.  Let's hope they hold up.  I've been getting 3-6 months
out of BT ear buds, then one of the speakers fails or something.  I'm hoping for
more for the extra few bucks I spent on these.  They look a little higher
quality than others I have had.
    This is my second Boltune headphones. I use them for walking and to watch
tv. The sound is clear and sharp. The battery lasts about 13 hours. What i like
to hear is when they are turned on to tell the battery level, full, medium or
low. It only staes battery low about twice and then turns off. It does not let
fall sleep with them because the earbuds stick out of the ear canal too long. I
would buy another pair.
    So far they definitely last as long as stated and they sound great!The noise
canceling is real. I can’t hear anything (that is reasonably audible) while i
have them turned on- much less while the music is playing.If I had a complaint,
it would be the spongey ear pieces. The rubber is thin so they wiggle out of my
ears on occasion it’s not enough of an inconvenience to be a deal-breaker. Only
need 1 pair now to get me through work days. Dope!
    I got them just today, I'm very amazed by the sound quality of the earbuds.
They came in a nice packaging, the earbuds themselves are magnetic like you
would see in other brands like Beats etc., and since I had the Boltune TWS
earbuds for a small period before returning them due to not so great battery
life, I knew for a fact that these had to sound just as good as those I had, no
doubt. I'm very happy with the way they sound, the bass is great and the mids
and lows are noice as well, they're just awesome lol. I'm definitely going to
buy from this company in the future, I recommend them to everybody. For $28 they
are a steal! :)
    This is my third pair of headphones from Boltune! Still have my first which
I loved & still have. I wanted a newer pair, so bought a newer version. After a
few months I lost them (second pair). Luckily I still have the first pair that
work perfectly as a back up. Just got my new ones and love them just as much!
Love how Lightweight and comfortable they are. The volume & noise cancellation
is great. I use them mostly for working out & running. Have no problems with
them falling out while running. No problems pairing. Also no problems taking
calls on them as well. I have a pair of beats by Dre and I definitely think the
sound is clearer and much louder on my Boltunes. Oh, and did I mention the price
point! I have ran threw a lot of headphones over the years and these are the
best quality & sound for the price that you will find.
    These are probably the most frustrating Bluetooth headphones I’ve ever
purchased. Every time I use them a connection unsuccessful appears and I have to
forget device exit out of settings and then go back into Bluetooth and add them
as if I’d never used them before. This happens with every use. Also these
headphones randomly turn off without any notice and the battery isn’t even low.
Then I have to go through he whole process of adding them again. Really way more
trouble than they’re worth.
    I wanted to go cordless when using my phone or computer, and still be able
to have stereo sound for music.  These do a pretty good job.  There are several
different sizes of ear buds, and it has very good battery life.I wish the cord
between the earphones was a little longer... 2-3 inches would work... it's kind
of hard to get to the buttons on the microphone as it is now.
    I have small ears and have a hard time finding headphones that fit. My wired
headphones finally broke. I had gotten annoyed at the wires always tangling when
I jogged, so I thought I'd try out a wireless pair.These exceeded my
expectations. They fit comfortably and the soft little hook that fits into the
ear keeps them from falling when jogging, running, etc. I wore them for several
hours with no soreness in my ear.The sound is great and I love that you can
accept phone calls and chat too.My husband was so impressed by them, he asked
for a pair for Father's Day! I highly recommend.
    Here is my honest review. I bought this sometime late February 2020. Lasted
for 2 months until the right ear piece broke off. I still continued to use this
by doing a quick fix using an elastic band(super glue would work too but I was
unable to go out due to covid) because I really liked the quality of the sound.
Though it broke I did not write the review because I really liked the quality of
the sound. However a week later the earphones went dead. It connects to the
phone via Bluetooth but does not pick up any sound hence I decided to write this
review. Well I guess this is the max lifetime for Bluetooth earphones of this
price. One could only expect so much for this price. I am disappointed though
because I liked the quality of sound while it lasted.Please do focus on
improving the quality. I would rather have earphones that last longer than a $10
gift card.For those looking for an earphones that last long then this might not
be for you. If you are ok with constantly replacing the earphones it's good.
Fair price.
    The first time I used this product it was ok. Compared to other brands I've
used, the sound quality was fair as far as I could tell. Unfortunately I only
was able to use it a total of two times, and now it won't turn on. At first I
thought the battery was just dead, but I tried charging it multiple times
overnight and I could never get it to turn on. I would even plug it into the
charger, and the red indicator light would come on, but then when I tried to
turn it on nothing would happen. I'm reaching out to the manufacturer to get a
replacement and will update this if so.**Update: The seller did send me a
replacement pair of headphones. I have been using them for the past couple of
week and they have been working without any issues. I appreciate the prompt and
helpful customer service, and the headphones themselves have been living up to
expectations.
    Great Bluetooth earphones and mic for running, sports in general! I'm a
jogger and have just bought these to get that music and legs running together!
They do a great job at staying in my ears and providing hours of service. gives
the impression that your immersed in the music. While I'm running, that's a must
so that I get that feeling that allows me to push further more to get great
performances. I do recommend this product! Comes with all accessories needed and
is water and sweat resistant too!
    Got this headphones for my 70yo mom. She loves them, they stay on her ear
and the magnetic end help to prevent loss. She won’t forget them around her
neck, or she might but she won’t actually lose them. Sound quality is excellent
and they fill her need perfect.Good quality product, pairing was easy and
flawless with a Samsun galaxy tablet.My mom is very happy with her new
headphones.
    As with all Bluetooth headphones I just don't use them often and when I do
want to use them they are never charged. Been leaving them plugged in but don't
know if that's a good idea or not. When charged they do last a long time but if
you leave them laying around a couple of days they seem to lose the charge.
Maybe that's typical of this type earbud, IDK. But I like them ok.
    Theses were great while they lasted.  I got about four months out of them
and then they decided to die.  There was some popping and buzzing that I figured
was just some interference.  After that they just quit working.  To bad, I
really liked them.  They had amazing range for Bluetooth, well over 50
feet.Update: The seller reached out to me and helped to correct my problem.  I
stand by the positive things in my review.  These buds, for the price, sound
good, have great range, and have amazing battery life.
    I have had cheap headphones, expensive headphones, and everything in
between. For the price, these are definitely the best. In this day of mask-
wearing, it's good to have headphones that don't hook over the ear, competing
with the mask ties. The battery life is grand. The antenna range is better than
any Bluetooth headphones I've had. The sound quality is pretty good. And the
price is just terrific.
    Best wireless earphones I have owned!  What I like:  long battery life,
secure magnetic join when earphones are around my neck so I don’t lose them,
comfortable fit in ear (three sizes of ear pieces), great noise cancellation
(need to remove from ear to hear regular noise levels), water tight cover to
recharging port so I can walk in the rain without worrying.  Love these
earphones!
    Great shopping experience. Received as promised. Charged quickly and was
able to use right away. When I asked if my caller could hear me with any
interference, they remarked that it was crystal clear. Even when I whispered,
they could hear me just fine. Synced easily to my computer and phone. Had many
ear pieces to switch out to fit me comfortably. I would definitely recommend
this product to others.
    I used these headphones right out of the box without charging them. Easy to
pair to my phone. The sound was great. The bass was just right for me as well! I
was able to use them for over 10 hours before I charged them for the first time.
They charged really fast as well. I would definitely buy these again!UPDATE: I
recently took these headphones with me on a 6 hour ride on our side by side.
They definitely helped to drown out the high pitched deafening noise those
machines make. The battery lasted the entire 6 hour journey and I hadn't charged
them for at least a day or two. They were a tad uncomfortable with my helmet on
but they aren't made specifically for a helmet. I'm definitely glad I purchased
these headphones!
    Update: these headphones only work when I’m listening. When talking, no one
can ever hear me, and I have to hold the mouthpiece in front of my face, and
even then people say that I sound muffled or distorted. This defeats the purpose
of hands free Bluetooth headphones, so I am now rating them 2 stars (battery
life is still great and sound quality for listening to music and videos is
good).These are great! I replaced my QFit BT headphones because my son pulled
the housing apart. So far, these are much higher quality! Comfortable to wear,
inconspicuous (great for keeping little babies away), the sound quality is
great, and the battery life has been good. And the buying, warranty, and
customer service experience has been great. Happy customer!
    This review is for BT-BH001 Pro which is the upgrade to the bt-bh001. My
first review regarding the original earbuds was  3 stars. The company sent me a
complimentary upgraded version and what a difference! The sound quality is
excellent and the wing style eartips are very comfortable. I still wish they
didn't stick so far out of your ears but that's not a deal breaker for me.  I
would definitely purchase this item 4 stars.
    I purchased my Boltune BT-BH001 in February 2020 and could not be more
pleased.  I have used bluetooth earbuds from many years and have tried several
brands and styles.  The Boltune are by far the best fitting, most comfortable,
and greatest sounding of any.  In fact, I just bought two more to share with my
family.  I particularly like the earbud options and the sound isolation
provided.  They are truly amazing for the price you pay!
    Okay I am on my second set. The first pair worked well but stopped charging
fully and then it was a struggle. I ordered a replacement and these work well at
this time too but honestly the time it takes to charge then fully is about 16
hrs. The light turns red while charging but then goes off and when fully charged
switches to blue. So if you are having trouble with the charging time. I hope
this helps and if yours charge faster then I have yet another defective set.
    PROS -looks nice, good battery life, good sound. volume control on
wire.EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE.cons-sticks out of my ear to far. even with
using the smallest adapter for inside ear was still uncomfortable. im normsl
size male with normal size ears. too tight for me. plus they will not work under
hearing protection muffs because of the stick out. I got them primarily to
listen to music while mowing lawns.
    Sound quality is clear and crisp (I listen to audio books) without any
strange or high pitched noises.  The battery life so far is great.  Pairing is
easy and on/off functions are also very easy.  My only complaint is that they
stick out a little farther then I expected, specifically an issue when I wear a
stocking cap (it is winter in the Midwest) and that tends to push the earbuds
into my ear and can be a little bit uncomfortable.  I think I'll get used to it,
but it was something that bothered me just a little when I first got them.
Overall I'm happy with the purchase.
    I have tried a number of bluetooth ear buds and these are by far the best!
The battery life has always been an issue, with other sets promising a battery
life that they didnt come close to, but these are amazing. I listended to them
solid for 2 days and I still had juice left!! The signal is strong, you can
leave your phone on the other side of multiple rooms and barely any difference
in connection. They sound great! And the feel good in the ears. They come with a
number of differing ear components to customize, but the ones that come on them
feel perfect so I haven't even had to use them. If I had to nit-pick, they feel
a bit heavy in the ears, but I think that is just me not being used to solidly
built ear buds. They dont move and feel fine, so really not a complaint.
Overall, these are perfect! I also ordered a pair for my daughter, Im sure she
will love them!
    I usually opt for around-the-ear sport headphones since most earbuds fall
out of my ears pretty quickly. I must have oddly shaped ears, I don’t know. At
any rate, since these have a little “clip” to keep them in place and a lot of
good reviews indicate that they don’t fall out, I decided to give them a try. I
didn’t have any problems pairing them to my iPhone or anything like that. But
when I went for a run I only made it 50 feet before they bounced out. This was
using the largest of the silicon tips and clips that were provided. I’m sending
them back since there isn’t any point in making these work for me. I wish I
could leave a review on the sound quality, battery life, and other important
factors, but I used them for 20 seconds before they fell out. I realize that
many in-ear headphones don’t work for me, but I was hoping these would be
different. Unfortunately, they were not.
    I cannot tell any difference between any of these except for the vast
difference in Prices. These earbuds fit just fine, and sound just as good as the
"designer" earbuds. Why would you want to fork out at least $75 more for other
earbuds that are no better than these? They do exactly what I was hoping they
would do at a fraction of the cost of other earbuds. No complaints here.
    I've had these earphones for a few weeks now and have worn them cycling and
driving (one earbud in), and at home while cooking and around the house. I live
in a noisy neighborhood so the extra noise-canceling quality is welcome, even if
I'm not listening to anything. I like that there were different sizes of earbud
cushions. I decided that I needed a combination of small and medium to get the
best fit and sound quality. I actually didn't realize this comes with a
microphone when I bought it but am glad for it. My brother said it sounded a
little echo-y when I spoke to him on the phone, but on the other hand, he didn't
hear any background car driving sounds during our conversation. I haven't tested
the battery life to the full range but it fits the needs of my activities. So,
my sound quality as the user is great but I expect the sound quality on the
other end of the phone will need more investigation.
    These are really great headphones! They are lightweight, easy to use, and
most importantly, comfy. I can wear these for hours and they don't bother my
ears. I wish they were a tad bit smaller, but I have pretty small ears. I have
fallen asleep with them on numerous times. Also, the sound great. Talking on the
phone is very easy, and it's very clear. They also sound good on the other
person's end. When I'm not using them, they hang down and they stick together
with magnets so they aren't flying around. Sometimes, I completely forget I have
them on. They are also really great at noise cancelling! I couldn't hear the
doorbell. Would I buy these again? Absolutely. Will I have to get a new one ever
again? Nope! I'm confident that these will last. Even if they don't, I'm even
more confident with the company! They seem so nice.
    Bought them 12/11/19 and today they just died on me. They power up, hold a
long charge, go into pairing mode, but no phone or device can see them anymore
to pair with. I was in the middle of a call when they just 'disconnected', and I
haven't been able to connect with or have seen by anything since. Super
disappointed, they've been the best pair of headphones I've owned so far but 4
months is ridiculous.
    It's that time of year again when I start working out like crazy. I needed a
pair of buds that actually stay in my ears while running and bouncing around
like I do. These had a great price and come wired which is a personal preference
when picking out workout buds. They do exactly what I needed them to do along
with great sound and clarity. Battery stays well charged for at least a week's
worth of workouts, too.
    I love the cord length, weight, balance, ear-fit, volume, ease of pairing,
and price.  I'm still on my first charge for day my 3 workout.  I get pretty
loyal when I find a favorite headphone, but boltune won me over on day one.
This is in large part because they are reasonable. I demand a lot of my
headphones.  I live with headphones In and wear them for saunas and workouts.
I'm likely to ruin them long before the average user. That being said, how much
quality I get for a reasonable price is my primary concern...boltune exceeded my
expectations there.
    I bought these as a gift for my mom after she lost her previous pair of
earbuds and she loves them! She uses them to talk on the phone and listen to
music while doing housework, so she likes how there's no wire to get snagged on
our cabinet handles. She says the sound quality is amazing and everyone she's
talked to over the phone can vouch for the quality of the microphone. As for the
noise cancellation, I have to say her name several times before she realizes I'm
trying to get her attention, so I'd say it works very well! I didn't realize
this when I bought them, but the ends of the earbuds have magnets so you can
stick them together to ensure they don't fall off your neck. Overall, both she
and I would highly recommend these for anyone looking to get a pair of high-
quality earbuds they can use to make phone calls or listen to music while moving
around a lot!
    I love these ear buds and for the price, they are a great value.  I enjoy
classic jazz that was recorded live in smokey bars.  With these buds, I can hear
the background conversations, ice cubes tinkling in glasses, the sound of the
musicians' fingers on the strings.  I can get lost in the sound.  They come with
extra tips and earpieces to fit everyone.  Get two pair,you won't be
disappointed.
    Fit really well and stay in my ears.  Bluetooth distance is excellent, I can
walk around my yard listening to audio and leave my phone on the deck, they stay
connected without interference.  Battery life is great, used them all day for 2
days listening to audiobook without recharge.  I like how they stick together by
the magnets, it keeps them from getting tangled.  They pair quickly and
automatically after first pairing.  Definitely recommend these headphones.
    I  wear my ear buds up to 9 hours a day and since purchasing them a month
ago I am very satisfied with the sound quality, how comfortable the buds feel in
my small ears, and the ease of use.  There were several sizes of buds to choose
from which is usually standard for most headphones. I frequently misplace  my
buds so I don't like to pay almost $30 for such a product but  I did knowing
fully well that  they maybe gone tomorrow.  Since they are magnetized I am
hoping for many, many months of usage.  These are worth the higher price just so
I won't be so apt to lose them because they are securely around my neck when not
in use.
    I bought 2 pairs for me and my wife. Both of us are pleasantly surprised.
Each box has a bag to store them and power cable for charging.Sound is better
than expected considering the price, intuitive use and very comfortable for the
ear. Very fast to connect with my mobile phone. Also delivery time was awesome,
I received it to half of time than notifiedThis is the first time I bought
Boltune and definitively I will do it again.
    I've been using this headphones for a couple days. The sound quality is
better than my previous headphones at a similar price. The battery life is
double of my previous one. The pairing was easy. There's one thing that my
previous headphones were better was that it turns on when you pull the magnet
apart and turns off when you put them back together. It was easier instead of
having to press the button for 3 seconds to turn on and off. My previous one
broke after a year and a half of usage, I hope this one can last longer.
    I ordered one set and the worded for about 3 times of usage the all I got
was static,got a refund, recorded same brand as the sound was good thinking it
was a one off, but no, the second ones were worse did not last one time use
before the static stated again.  I don't know if is due to the wrapping of the
cord for shipping ornot, I will not order them again.
    Bought these specifically for the gym. Didn’t want to spend big bucks for
earbuds that will get sweaty and eventually fail from sweat or water. The sound
is decent but if you’re an audiophile then these are not for you. If you’re
looking for a decent sounding set that you will abuse and  aren’t going to cry
if they fail in a year then these are a great option for you.  Battery life is
great for such a small package.  I can get a week of workouts (60 min each)
outta these before charging.  They may not stay on during an intense Crossfit
workout (burpees,etc.) but most anything else they’ll do just fine.  I like that
the cord is not too long. My Beats earbuds wire was too long and would fall to
one side or another. Overall, a great set of budget earbuds with decent sound.
I would recommend.
    I wasn't expecting much from $20 Bluetooth headphones but  I was mistaken .
I’ve wore them for several 5 plus mile runs and they sound great and fit well.
The sound from these are great. I’ve been running with Bose Soundsports for over
2 years and have had to replace them multiple times due to swear killing them. I
sweat a lot during runs, especially in the summer, and the Bose earbuds just
couldn’t handle the sweat. These earbuds are supposed to be waterproof and
handle any amount of sweat. So far I’m very pleased with these earbuds! Can’t be
beat for the money.
    Original review September 2020: not for small ears. Terribly uncomfortable
even with the smaller earpieces.Review October 2020: Amazing customer service.
After I wrote the above review, they emailed me asking how they could make it
right. They gave me a full refund and offered to give me a new pair of their
upgraded earbuds or a gift card to Amazon. Great customer service.
    These earphones are just OK.  Giving 4 stars for value, but have
shortcomings in several areas.  The earphones are heavy, tend to work loose with
any movement, and the sound quality is not good with base being anemic.  But the
deal killer is that the microphone pickup (for phone conversations) is poor -
unfortunately, that's the main reason I bought these.
    I absolutely love these headphones.  They are comfortable and secure in my
ear.  I wear them in the bed at night to listen to an audiobook and my husband
doesn't hear a thing.  I wear them around the house while doing other things and
they have a great range.  The noise cancellation is very good, the sound quality
is excellent, and I would purchase these again.
    I purchased these to use with my Sony receiver's Bluetooth functionality for
watching movies/TV.  The sound quality is outstanding; was very happy with it.
However, they are not useable with my AV receiver as the audio is out of sync by
a second, give or take.  For some reason my receiver does not let me manually
adjust the AV sync when using Bluetooth as the output.  This is rather
unfortunate being that I only purchased these for this purpose.
    These earbuds work great and are an excellent value. Music is an important
part of my life, so sound quality is crucial. When I needed new earbuds, I was
careful because I've been burnt in the past. I'm glad I chose these! They're
plenty comfortable, but that's not where it is for me. These buds have great
sound quality. They hit the his and the lows with clarity and excellent stereo
sound. The equalization is perfect, with the bass at just the right level and
the treble enhancing the sound just like stereo tweets. I highly recommend these
buds for anyone whose music interests span the gamut. Today I went from
listening to TV on the Radio, to James Brown, and on to Megadeth . . . the sound
was solid throughout. If you're looking for quality buds to jam with, you've
found them. 5 stars!
    Great headphones. A MUST HAVE if you live with your partner. I just put
these on anytime we have an argument. It's SO GOOD because the arguments don't
make me frustrated or angry anymore, thanks to these earphones.Really helps with
our relationship.The sound quality is also very good. And battery life, for such
a small headphone, is amazing too.I sometimes also go for a run, if the
arguments get too long, and was running under the rain, with no issues. Seems to
be water-resistant. I wouldn't go as far as calling it Waterproof, as I am not
sure if these will work in a swimming pool or not. I am a member of a gym that
has a swimming pool, may try them out next time Im there,
    This is the 3rd set of Boltune headphones that I’ve purchased. I originally
purchased two as Christmas gifts for my daughters. They use them almost every
day, and have not had any trouble. So I ordered a set for myself. The buds are
fairly comfortable in my ears, and there are different size ear pieces that can
be changed if necessary. The sound quality is great, the button control is easy
to use, and I like the magnetic tips to hold the device around my neck when not
in use. The handy carry pouch is also very convenient for throwing them in a
purse/bag. I don’t use these every day, but I’ve only had to charge them once in
two month’s time.
    Bought these to go with new exercise bike that we recently purchased that
only came with corded earbuds. My wife is not very high tech and I wanted a
simple pair of bluetooth enabled headphones for her. She loves these! I cannot
speak to battery life since she always keeps them plugged in, but these connect
easily and she really likes them - only issue is she will not let me try them.
    I love that the packaging is pretty minimal and recyclable with the least
amount of plastic possible.Paired really easily with my phone and a couple of
laptops.Sound quality is fine for me I’m not an audiophile-I DO like that the
bass isn’t booming and not overwhelming.Pretty good value.  Would recommend
    I bought this as a replacement for one i had lost, and just like the
previous one, the battery life is simply fantastic.However, for whatever reason,
i have to repair it every single time i turn it on/recharge it with my devices.
Which isn't a showstopper, but incredibly annoying.Update:The vendor contacted
me and said (paraphrasing), we're sorry about your problems and we'd like to
make it right, here are some options.Note, they didn't say, "If you fix your
review, here are some options".  They offered to correct the issue
regardless.So, they took care of me, and I appreciate that.As long as they
continue to make quality products, i will consider them my number one option.
    i did NOT expect these earbuds to be so dang good for the price point! as
soon as i put them in i was floored by the rich quality of the sound, i
literally could not believe it.... and when i have them in i don't hear anything
else, either, so i think the noise cancellation is spot on too. i just got them
so i've yet to put them to the test but i live in a loud area and with these in,
i can't even hear my fan (which is pretty loud), no kids hollerin outside... my
work environment is super noisy and i cannot WAIT to pit these earbuds against
it. i think it's gonna be swell. definitely a huge recommendation from me!
    I've been skeptical to buy bluetooth headphones because I don't want to lose
them or have to charge them. I'm really glad I made the switch though. I love
the magnetic pieces in the ear buds so I don't lose them. I often have my
headphones dangling from my shirt so this is a great way to keep track of them.
The sound quality is great. It's louder than any pair of headphones I've had
before and I love that I can control the volume and song selection from the
keypad on the headphones instead of my phone. I also haven't had any issues with
the battery life either. Glad I made the purchase!
    These are... okay. Not great sound, but not bad. They seem to keep their
charge all right. But I wanted to wear something at night to listen to white
noise since my partner snores. Do not wear these at night! The bulky round part
at the end of each earphone pushes the whole thing into your ear canal. Very
uncomfortable. You get what you pay for I guess...
    I bought these for my husband's workouts and he loves them. He said they are
comfortable, stay in while jumping and moving around, loves the magnetic feature
and the sound quality is way better than he expected from bluetooth headphones.
If he gets too far from his phone (about 35 ft), the connection gets a little
spotty, but that's expected. He said the sound quality is better than some wired
headsets.
    I bought this as a last ditch effort before giving up and trying the more
expensive, name-brand units.  I was so surprised by this that I will go no
further and decided to write a review.  This unit has a balanced overall sound
level, not too heavy bass, but clear lows, mid's and high ranges.  The magnet to
connect to the two earpieces is strong and it is comfortable in the ears.  I
like the flat, slightly larger cable.  It bends a little funny, though.  This
unit looks robust, but time will tell.  I cannot speak to the battery life yet
as it's still on its first charge. It's a great value for the price.
    This product exceeded my expectations for the price I paid. I use these
mainly when I work out at the gym. I usually listen to talk radio or comedy
stations and I have no issue with the clarity of the sound. The battery life is
longer than I expected and the wireless  bluetooth enables me to place my phone
in a secure place and be able to listen to my programs throughout the gym
without any distortion or loss of signal. I like the magnetic connection as it
let's me keep them around my neck when not in use instead of lying them down
somewhere and end up losing them. The setup was easy, just follow the
instructions. My only issue and it's not a big one is the compartment flap for
charging is difficult to open and it's a tight fit to get the charging  wire in
place. Also the charging wire supplied is quite short.
    So far, these are pretty good. They're comfortable, stay in my ears, sound
quality is decent, and the charge does hold well, but they have to be re-paired
each time they are used! My old headphones connected automatically, but with
these, I have to tell my iPhone to forget that device and go through the pairing
process again. It's not a deal breaker, but it is a little annoying.
    I love the battery life on these headphones.  The sound is great for the
books I listen to, eat piece is comfortable.I recently lost these headphones and
was very disappointed.  I was quite surprised when I opened my clothes dryer and
there they were!I thought they were toast but decided to see if they would
charge, they did and they still work perfectly!
    These headphones are fantastic! I have been researching headphones for the
last month trying to decide which ones to get. I looked at beats, Bose, these
and a few others.  They came with multiple ear units so that you can find the
best fit for your ears. Charged quickly and it was so easy to connect to my
phone. Took literally five seconds. I ran over three miles with them this
morning and did not have to adjust them once. The sound quality is great. What a
difference it makes not having an annoying wire in front of your chest! You
can’t beat this price either! Highly recommend. Super fast shipping which is
unheard of now a days. Ordered on Wednesday and received on Friday.
    I've been so surprised by how much I love these. The sound quality is truly
excellent, as is the noise cancelling. The navigation controls are fairly
intuitive. And I can leave my phone on one end of the house and still use these
with crystal-clear sound. Really great range. Battery life is also great. I use
these for several hours throughout the day and only have to recharge once every
2 or 3 days.I did have some trouble getting them to automatically connect to my
phone, but the troubleshooting information on their site helped me correct the
problem and that's working well now.
    I needed these so I can workout while watching the news and not disturb my
wife while we are stuck inside because of the pandemic. I needed earbuds with a
volume control, so these did the job. They are very affordable so I thought I
might be getting disposable consumer electronics like most of the earbuds I have
had in the past.I was pleasantly surprised to get a well made, intelligently
designed device that was easy to set up, had clear easy to follow directions for
use and a good sound. The controls are very intuitive and the earbuds are so
comfortable that they almost disappearing after a minute of use. I would
recommend these to anyone looking for affordable quality and good audio
reproduction.
    Love! Love! Love!  These headphones are amazing.  Just. Ought another pair
for my husband because he fell In love with mine while doing yard work and there
was an argument over them.  I can leave my phone charging and walk all over my
house and have a clear signal.  I listen all day every day to my audio books and
I charge them about every other day.  Battery life is a solid 16 hours. Do not
hesitate to buy.  The magnet in the earbuds is good and Strong.  Can literally
use them as a stud finder in the walls.  I leaned over to pick something up and
the headphone clipped to the wall and hung there when I sat back up.
    Grabbed these headphones as my previous set of headphones were starting to
wear out and not work as they used to. However, after realizing what my last
pair cost now to replace, I looked for a replacement and here they were. They
are pretty comfortable to wear for extended periods of time, and while they
aren't the best in terms of noise cancellation, they work well for what they
are. You can't really wear them with just one earbud in, or it starts to get
really uncomfortable as the other ear bud starts to fall down and pull at the
one in your ear, but otherwise, no complaints. The battery life really lasts
longer than I honestly expected, I can get multiple days of usage out of them
based off of a few hours of usage per day, and the recharge is only a couple of
hours at most. Truly recommend.
    I’d say these are good quality for the price. I’ve owned 2 pair of Beats and
after the 2nd pair broke I didn’t want to pay $100+ so I bought these. First off
they are shorter than the beats so that was a little weird, but not a deal
breaker. The sound is good, I haven’t had any issues with people hearing me
while using them for phone calls, so that’s a plus. However, the weight
distribution is horrible. I usually only have one headphone in and with the
beats they stayed even on my neck with no slipping. These on the other hand are
CONSTANTLY falling off to the side that is out of my ear. That is extremely
annoying. Maybe that’s a personal thing though? The ear pieces are magnetic so
they do stick firmly together when both are hanging.
    Headset is excellent for the price.  Most of the feedback I've received
(which I directly asked for for the first few days of use) was that the sound of
my voice was quite clear.  I haven't tested with music yet, but great for phone
calls.  Battery life is long.  I only wish this headset came with a shirt/collar
clip, but otherwise quite happy with it.
    I am very happy with this purchase!  The headphones arrived quickly, and
they easily synced to my Samsung Galaxy S9.  I have worn them while running
several times now, and they don't fall out of my ears (which was a concern!).
The sound quality is great!  This is a great pair of wireless headphones,
especially considering how inexpensive they are!
    These have more bass than what I was expecting. Nice round full sound.
Volume goes up pretty loud, full volume is still bearable(for a short period). I
like the shorter cord(longest point, outside of earbud to outside of earbud is
24 1/4"). I took the wing tip things off and put on Foam ear tips. Great noise
cancelling and they stay in my ears very, very securely this way. Good solid
Bluetooth connection.They can be connected to two different devices. On android,
you have to turn off either the Audio or Calls portion of the Bluetooth
connection first, then connect to the second device. At least, that is what I
had to do. Audio will not be broadcasted from the two devices simultaneously.
    I additionally loved these Bluetooth headphones. They have great sound
quality in my opinion and were true to advertisement in it's noise cancelling
ability, however; they stopped working after 2 months of use despite charging on
multiple USB ac chargers. I was very disappointed because they were my go to
headphones above all others I had in my collection.
    It's crazy how technology has advanced over the last decade, seriously I
remember when things like this would go for $150 brand by a company that doesn't
really care about you (LG). Now we can all experience the same quality for a
fast food meal. The base is 5/5 for anyone that's wondering. It fits in my ear
like butter.
    After much research and balancing of costs and features I bought these as my
first pair of wireless bluetooth headphones. The battery life gets me through
almost 3 days of work if in use all day, and they are so comfortable I often
forget I am wearing them. The magnetized back of the earbud keeps them around
your neck easily when you remove them from your ears. They are noise cancelling
enough to cut out the racket of a noisy office and let you zone in on your
music. I havent tested the waterproof capabilities of these yet, but I ran to
buy another pair when I had misplaced the originals. Worth the cost.
    I had a pair of Phaiser BHS-730s that finally kicked the bucket -- that were
replacing a pair of BeatsX, themselves.Boltune blows them out of the water.They
pair quickly, sound quality is superb, and the 16 hour battery life is legit. I
use them everyday for hours on end, and only once had they started warning me
about low battery -- when I forgot to charge them over night.The noise
cancelling is really good too. I leave them in even when I'm not actively
listening to anything, because it helps me focus.For the price, they're an
absoulute steal.
    For a low price, you can buy these headphones and be completely satisfied.
Sound reproduction is excellent, with clear highs and resonant lows.  The fit is
great and they don't fall out of your ears as some better known, higher priced
models do.  Ambient sound isolation is better than average.  Fast charging.
Multiple ear bud sizes are a bonus.  These headphones are a great buy.
    These are a great value.  Was considering purchasing $200+ earbuds for my
husband who has been working from home during quarantine.  He wanted something
he could use for work calls and zooms.  These are perfect and he loves that they
magnet connect to each other so he can clip them around his neck.What a great
Father's day gift!
    This is an excellent set of earphones/earbuds.  A great value for the money.
The sound quality is great, especially at this price point.  Noise cancellation
isn't 100%, but it's about as good as it can be for small earphones.  Pairing is
really easy, and sound quality for calls is quite good.  Very easy to operate
with a small instruction manual.  Comes with extra ear buds and a nice little
tech bag to store the earbuds and accessories.  I would buy this item again.
    My TV has Bluetooth 5.0 capability and so I needed headphones that would be
compatible as well as providing a decent volume level since I have moderate to
severe hearing loss.  These fit the bill perfectly!  Paired first time, retain
the pairing properly and they have very good volume levels. They sound better
than anything this size should - don't know how they do that!
    I love, love this headphone.  Structurally, I feel durable, and the sound
quality is super clear without any static noises. The magnetic clasp is a huge
bonus, because some of my other headphones fall off my shoulder.  Since it was
touted as a sports headphones, it fits very snugly in the ear.The only thing I
was disappointed about was the "waterproof" label, so I assumed I could swim
with them. I must confess, it really is waterproof.  However, because of the
nature of bluetooth and being slightly submerged in water, the connection is
lost.  Simply put, it really is waterproof but it cannot be used for swimming.
I decided to buy the waterproof ipad shuffle for swimming.  Despite this, I
still kept this headphone because it is well worth the price for a superior
quality headphone.
    Excellent! When I originally got the first pair, they didn’t charge to full
capacity leaving me with about an 8-hour charge life. Knowing sometimes this
happens and that it could have been a factory default. The company reached out
to me and sent me a second set. I absolutely love them. And kudos for the prompt
service.
    Fairly early review, just received them today, sharing my initial
impressions.I play a lot of golf and have been looking for a nice set of earbuds
I could use on the driving range and occasionally during practice rounds. The
earbuds I have today constantly fall out of my ears throughout my swing. I
purchased these because it appears that they will stay in my ears without
falling out. After receiving them today, I’ve switched around the pieces and
found the right fit for me and took about 30 practice swings. I’m pleased to
say, these did not move at all.These have solid sound and I’m excited to throw
these in my golf bag and have them with me whenever I play.We will see how they
hold up to Cincinnati’s  humid summers.Overall just a solid set of earbuds for
under 30 bucks.
    The battery life is supposed to be really great, but it is the worst set of
headphones I've had when it comes to battery life. When they arrived they were
at 50% when I charged them over night they only made it to 60%. My husband has
the same pair and said that 60% would last hours. So I took them to work with me
and they died 30 minutes later. After they charged to 90% 15 minutes of
listening brought them to 60%. If they are paused for more than a minute, they
turn off. They also need to be repaired every time I turn them on. I am so
disappointed in these headphones! Maybe I just got a crap pair and need a new
pair, but I probably won't buy these again since I can't be sure they work
    I bought these headphones for running and wow! They are amazing. Most
headphones don’t stay in my ears when I run, but these are fantastic and have
never fallen out. They also don’t hurt your ears. Love that they are wireless
and the Bluetooth connection has never faltered or has been staticky. I
recommend these to all my friends who are looking for workout headphones. Also,
battery life is amazing.
    Having had a pair of AtGOIN headphones for over a year, I wasnt sure what to
expect with these. I was pretty thrilled to see this was a total upgrade.
Quality of sound is on point, battery life amazing and the range of these
puppies are incredible. I was working out at the gym and left my phone in the
studio while I wandered to the bathroom and had 0 loss.
    Have nothing bad to say about these headphones. I have a pair of Beats wired
earbuds and never use them because they fall out of my ear no matter what bud
size I use. These Boltunes are light, comfortable, sound great and barely move.
They pair up to my Note 9 easily and are simple to operate. I originally bought
them for my wife but liked them so much I got myself one too. Thumbs up!
    I was looking for a nice solid quality mid-range pair of earbuds. I pair
that can be easily kept up with but not devastated if misplaced lost or stolen.
My Brother suggested this pair of buds saying they are perfect for a commuter or
fitness junkie. My pops does both but using his iPhone factory buds. So I
decided to upgrade him for his birthday this fall and he loves them.These Buds
Offer:• Quality Music sound• Solid Battery Life• Security with the magnetic bud
clamp• Clear Voice and Talk Quality• Fashionably Designed
    I did purchased and used this since April 15, 2020 and I think this
bluetooth headphone has good sound quality but not an excellence one. It has
very good price and also has very strong bass and excellence noise cancellation.
About the bluetooth is not so great because sometime it dropped out the
connection so I have to reset it but i think that is not the problem. I am very
impressed about the battery, I turn it on the whole my 8 hours working shift and
then it depleted only 30 percent of battery.
    These are excellent Bluetooth earbuds in all ways .  They easily paired with
my phone and laptop; the sound is clear and crisp; and the fit in my ear is
excellent.  These are very comfortable and work great when I am working out and
listening to Audible.  I lost my first pair and just received my second pair
from amazon.  The quality is consistent.
    _Will update, With A Full week Use_I must say, I like these headphones off
the bat. They feel solid. with that in mind, I am hard on my headphones so we
shall see how durable they are. Id rate them at an overall 4.5, though I will
update this when I see how the battery holds up. I would recommend these.
    So Far I really love these earphones. I use them 6 days a week alternating
between 5 & 10 k s on my run/walks. It’s rained on me a few times and didn’t
affect them at all.Will have to see when the sun starts blazing this summer if
they can still hold up . I got the added asurion warranty just Incase.For the
price these are a gem so far.
    These are easy to use and set up. Can’t give 5 stars because sound quality
isn't great, but just about what you’d expect from $30 headphones. Good enough,
but won’t wow you. I like that they come with extra fittings for your ear
because the factory set were too small. They fit nice and snug now, though the
function bar is a little bulky and bounces a little more than I’d like for
running, but that’s me being picky. Overall solid pair of headphones and so far
the battery is still showing full charge after about 45 minutes of use. Time
will tell if they truly last 16 hours.
    I purchased for work, needing Bluetooth headset with speaker to link to
computer.Delivery was within days of ordering, which I greatly appreciated
during the pandemic. Once charge, setup took less than 2 minutes. Longest I've
used thus far was for 7.5 hours and charge held. I replaced the earbud cover
with a smaller set that was included and it felt more comfortable the next use.
I appreciate there is a large, medium and small set of earbud covers for
comfort. Quality of sound is good and those on the other end hear me well.Only
thing that would make this set better would be to allow wireless charging, such
as in a case.I did receive offer for gift card for writing a review.
    I really like the fit of these in my ears.  They really lock into place.
All the features work great and the sound quality is good.  Great battery life.
The bluetooth works great right after they synch, unlike some of my less
expensive headphones where it takes about 5-10 seconds before you get a clear
connection.  I only wish that the chord was a couple inches longer.
    Their battery life is fantastic.  I was skeptical of the stated time, but
they seem to be exceeding it.The magnets in them keep them from slipping off
when not in your ears.I also enjoy the mass they add.The ear things fit like a
glove and seem to block out a lot of noise.Overall, these are an upgrade from my
aging Skullcandy SB2s.  More battery life, better ergonomics, comparable sound
quality.
    These headphones have a great sound. The bass and noise cancellation is
better than many of the headphones I've bought over the years.After using these
a little longer I decided to update my review. They have excellent battery life
as well as water proof. I have a pool and I accidentally dropped them in. After
drying them off they worked just fine!
    Updating the review due to great customer service. They are issuing a refund
and contacted me,, which I really appreciate.These headphones were amazing until
they stopped working. They keep pairing to my phone then a few seconds later it
disconnects and pairs again. It won't keep the connection. I love the sound
quality and battery life, but this issue popped up after 2 months of use. I am
really disappointed.
    I bought these same buds a while ago and I loved them. The battery life is
excellent and the sound quality is very impressive for the price. No, they won’t
replace your Etymotic Research or other audiophile cans, but you don’t need to
take out a second mortgage either. IMO, for the price, they can’t be beat. This
review is more of a warning that mice love to chomp on the silicone. I live off
grid and mice are a part of my life. I’ll be more careful this time around.
    After trying different ones, these pack the longest charge.  In a month, I
used it for over 15 hours.  When the battery is dying I have 10 minutes left
before it dies.  The notification only reminds me it's dying once every few
minutes (unlike other models that beep every 5 seconds, making them useless).
It pairs very well and never powers off unless disconnected.  The center button
works perfectly (pause, forward, rewind) by 1, 2, or 3 presses.
    This set of headphones is a replacement for my older, bulkier set that I
lost. I love the smaller form factor at the ear. The three button remote built
into he connecting cable is easy to reach and use without confusing what's what.
Sound quality is on par with the price range. A little equalizer adjustment in
Spotify gave a deeper bass and fuller sound.I would recommend this anyone who is
looking for an affordable choice of wireless headphones.
    As a person with small ears these earbuds were exactly what I have been
looking for. After much internet research, I decided to give these a try.So far
they have been perfection-  quality is great clear, crisp, they are light weight
and the smallest size of covers fit PERFECTLY into my small ears, no falling
out, no feeling like I have something jammed in my ear. I love that they are
magnetic so if I need to unplug I can have them around my neck and not forget
where I put them. Charge is great, connection easy.I have them in grey but once
work starts up again will definitely be buying a second pair to keep and use
there. I cannot tell you how many pairs of ear buds I have bought over the years
only to be disappointed  they were not suitable  for my small ears.
    I was really looking forward to getting these, but once they disconnect from
your device or turn them off, you have to manually pair them again each and
everytime you want to use them. I also  recieved a call while listening to
spotify and for some reason, they automatically disconnected from my phone and I
have not been able to repair them. I tried turning everything off then back on,
I paired them then unpaired them and they won't even come up as a device that I
can pair with anymore. It's very weird. I do not reccomend.
    I really like these earphones. I don't recommend this experiment, but I
accidentally left them in my pants pocket which then went through the wash, and
afterwards it still worked for a time.  A little latter it stopped turning on,
so I though the water wrecked it, so I set it aside.  But then several days
later I put it on the charger for a couple of hours, and then tried it again and
it worked!  That's pretty durable.
    Sound Quality is pretty good for the price point, these say they are noise
canceling but I'm not sure if they are. I dont notice a difference other than
the noise canceling you get from them being earbuds. Battery life is decent, but
they are new so we will see. One drawback is the weight, the earbuds are very
heavy, so heavy that they will  slide to one side if you take one earbud off for
a short time,
    I've returned at least three other pairs of headphones because they did not
fit. These very conveniently came with three different rubber tips for all size
ears. They stay in well when I'm walking - something I've really struggled with
when I've used different types of headphones. I also didn't realize that they
are magnetic, so they stick to one another when you're not using them.
    I get a cheap pair of Bluetooth earbuds about every 18 months. Was going to
buy the last set again but they were nowhere to be found. These are solid. They
sound good and the mic seems to work well on calls. The fit isn't great even
with the silicone insert options. The battery life is amazing. Best battery on
budget buds I've ever seen.
    So far so good.  This is my second pair of the original version of these
earbuds. I haven't had a chance to put them through their paces yet but my first
impression is positive.  These earbuds sound fantastic.  They have rich base,
clear highs, and soaring mids. The controls function well, they pair
effortlessly,  and the build quality is solid. I can't speak to the battery life
of this pair yet but my original pair lasted 15-16 hrs a day 4 days a week for a
little over a year. I hope these work as well. I will update this review when
I've had them for awhile.
    I waited a few weeks to give an educated review. I've been waiting to buy
some Bluetooth headphones for a while, and I've been very happy with these, so
far. I am using these constantly and I only have to charge them every few days,
so they seem to be holding a charge very well. The noise cancelation works well
(I have to be careful around the house because people try to get my attention
and I don't hear them), but it isn't too much where I feel unsafe having them on
in public. I like that they are magnetic and can hang around your neck when not
in use, but I do wish the design was just a bit sleeker, since they stick out
from your ears more than other earbuds. Still, it isn't noticeable if you have
long hair over your ears.
    I frequently drive for long distances, and my ac doesn't work, so I drive on
the highway with the windows down. You can imagine the noise from wind and
trucks passing by. These headphones muffle the noise enough to feel sane while
still being able to hear just enough to be safe on the road. I am also very
sensitive to high pitched noises, and sometimes other headphones will make the
higher pitched sounds in music unbearable for me. The sound quality is smooth on
these. What I'm most impressed by is the battery life. The first time I charged
them I kept making 2 hour drives, expecting by the third or fourth time that the
battery would die out. It took much longer than expected. Very happy with my
purchase.
    Seems to block out most all outside noise when music is on. The fit was ok,
not as good as the samsung level U I used to have. When the right ear isn't in
it pulls the other headphone out of the other ear. Sound quality is just ok but
for the price very good. We will see the longevity but overall seem pretty nice.
    These bad boys sound great, have amazing battery life, and survived over two
months lost in my yard. I even bought a new pair when. The old pair was lost.
Well I found them today and they STILL WORK after days of rain, about 9 inches
of snow, and weeks of extreme cold. They still sound great with the same clear
sound and decent bass they had from day one.
    Paired easily with a Windows PC, my android phone and a Roku TV. Charged
quickly. Are comfortable to wear and the magnetic "clasping" keeps them around
my neck when not in use.Haven't drained them yet, but am not using them
continuously. Extra pieces are a big plus as is the carry bag.Would recommend.
    You won’t find anything else quite as nice at twice the price. Seriously,
these are the best value I’ve had. I’ve become a bit obsessed with totally
wireless earbuds, and these are every bit as good as two other pair, one at 4x
the price and another at 7x the price. They are very comparable to my experience
with AirPods, from sound to functionality to fit. I’ve had a couple other pairs
at this price and always find they have terrible sound or an echo, where the
sides are out of sync. These are super easy to pair, sound great, and have no
echo. A word of caution though, if Apple earbuds hurt your ears because of the
shape, these may also. It’s an issue I personally run into with many earbuds,
but I’m a bit picky because I use custom molded earpieces at work. I just don’t
think you can go wrong at this price though!
    The headphones work great! I have bought a pair of these about 10months ago
and decided to get another pair since I use them at work and at home. I use them
everyday for my 8hr shift and they always stay charged. The sound is a good
quality and the mic works as it should during calls. They are comfortable in my
ears and when stowed around my neck they magnet together nicely. I would
recommend them to others!
    This is the first time I purchased earbuds of this type. I planned to use
them for teaching during CoVid, but they have  been out to walk the dog and do
landscaping. I was especially impressed with how well they stayed in while
working on a heavy duty landscaping project. The size options are nice for both
the buds and fins. I would recommend.
    Pros:Long battery life!Very easy and straightforward paring with my
device.Stays in my ear very well, a problem that I had been having with other
earbuds.Easy to navigate buttons, including volume control, play/pause,
answering incoming calls, etc.Cons:Not the absolute best sound quality you'll
find out there, but it does the job. In my case, I listen mostly to podcasts and
audiobooks, so this isn't as much of a concern for me.The cord is a bit long for
my taste, but I've tied a knot to shorten it a bit to make it less
unwieldy.Overall, a good, solid product. If sound quality is super important to
you, you'll probably have to find a more expensive set of headphones.
    Purchased the item based on all the reviews.  I was looking for something
reasonably priced that provides good sound.  So far, I am please with my
purchase.  The sound quality is good and clear with decent bass, not
overwhelming.  For the price, I think this is a really good purchase.  I cannot
comment on the battery life at this time. Will need additional time to use it.
    I enjoy these headphones so much I have bought 3 pair - one for work, one
for home, and one for my wife.I work 10 hour night shifts and like to listen to
music and podcasts as I work. These headphones have excellent sound quality and
last the entire 10 shift on one charge.The sound quality and battery life at
this price point is a steal!
    I use these while hiking in the Hollywood Hills. I walk up and run down, and
they have no issues staying in my ears over the rocky terrain.If you use pods
usually, you will notice that these are far more tin sounding than high-end
headphones, but they work great and sound fantastic, especially for the price.
    After trying several different bluetooth earbud options, this one is my
favorite so far. What I love:1. Low price.2. Great sound.3. Stay in my ears.4.
Easy pairing.These arrived 2 days ago, so too soon to know what they will be
like longterm. Happy so far for so many things to be great with them!
    My big beef with these is that i don't get a battery warning until about 5
minutes before it runs out of juice.  Not helpful if I'm out for a while; I
would rather know when it's half depleted so I can remember to charge when I get
home before my next outing.Otherwise, very good quality sound and the price is
right!
    I bought these wireless earplugs to replace my AirPods for my Galaxy Note 5
phone because the AirPods always disconnects with my phone. It‘s really
annoying. These earplugs stably connects with my phone, and the wear is very
comfortable. (I don’t like to use the earloop, so I take it off :))P.S. the
reception range is farther than AirPods.
    I needed a bluetooth earphone not only for listening to music when I walk
but also take numerous calls and meetings as we all are working remote now. When
I was researching for an affordable bluetooth earphone - most of them at this
price range had a very bad call/microphone quality in reviews. I used Boltune
wired earphones before and was very happy with it. I needed a bluetooth one as I
upgraded my iPhone and that does not work with 1/8 inch jack.I've been using
this for over a week, and attended lots of meetings and everyone at the
receivers end acknowledged that they did not have any issues hearing me clearly.
This was important to me.And finally, the magnet that ties the earphones like a
pendant is a cool and handy thing to have when not in use.
    Pairing was a breeze, I didn't even need the manual. The sound quality and
fit is great. I like the magnetic feature to prevent them from falling when they
are not in my ears.I have not used them in a noisy environment so my star rating
is set to 3 for that. The same goes for the battery life, as I haven't used the
headphones long enough for the battery to drain.
    Their customer service reached out to me after I wrote a review about my
broken headphones. They sent me a replacement pair. In addition, they also sent
me another model of wireless headphones that I plan on trying and writing a
review for.Overall, I'm very impressed. I did not expect them to replace my
broken pair. Good quality, good value and great customer service!
    I wish the cord was slightly longer just so when I turned my head there was
a little more freedom. But it's not too bad.Sound is great and even when the
music is blaring at my gym, I can still hear my music as the dominant
source.Very comfortable in the ears too.
    My only complaint is the cord should be a bit longer. This for when using it
to make calls. Maybe one more inch. The microphone is usually  hanging just
below and behind my ear. It’s not long enough to stay in a location where the
mic can receive my voice clearly. I find I need to hold the mic closer to my
mouth when I’m talking.
    EDIT:Customer service was excellent. They have offered me a refund for the
detective pair.ORIGINAL:For about a month they worked fine, my only complaint
was that getting water on the speaker part easily muffled the audio and you had
to blow air in them pretty vigorously to hear again.Then they started having
problems. Sometimes the power button wouldn't work, and I couldn't turn them
off. I just had to turn off bluetooth and wait for them to turn off
automatically. They also cause media to skip. I don't meant that they
occasionally cause you to skip a few seconds -- I mean they get stuck in like a
"fast forward" mode, constantly skipping.
    When I was looking online at the various selection of ear buds, I came
across these ones. I was a little skeptical-the price was cheaper than most good
quality, and i wasn't sure how the ear hook was going to work. I bought them
thinking if they didn't work, I could return them. As soon as they came, I
tested them out.WOW! They fit perfectly inside my (small) ears, and they were
easy to pair/charge and connect to a Bluetooth device.  The battery life lasts a
very long time, and it doesn't take very long to charge.I like when you turn
them on/off, it tells you if it is turned on/off and connected/disconnected. The
sound quality is very good, and the noise cancellation works great! ( especially
for earbuds).Very happy with purchase and would definitely recommend and buy
again!
    To start off, I received my first pair of these and when I tried them, only
one side worked. I contacted the company and immediately they sent out another
pair even before I returned the original ones. I was a little worried untill I
tried them out with music. Clear and great sound, fits great and super noise
canceling!! Way better then my last pair and so worth the price. Also when you
answer a phone call the headphone voice is pleasant and you can hear perfectly
who your talking to. I even went out in a windy day and my other line couldn't
tell I was outside. I worked a 9 hour shift and when I was finished they still
had 80% battery life left. Thats unbelievable. I would definitely recommend
these to anyone.
    I was a little skeptical, because I have been having trouble finding the
right ear buds fit and comfortably while keeping a good and high quality
sound.....This is nothing what I thought!  Wow!!Sound and Quality Is superb! The
Music tone is so smooth.the earbuds are very comfortable and easy to put in.
They also come with silicone base hooks that fit with different sized buds for a
PERFECT fit.  Fabulous and better than expected!!
    I'm really surprised how loud and high volume this product can get. I would
highly recommend these if you want for relaxing or rocking out to your favorite
music.I like to use them when we travel and give one of the earbuds to my
girlfriend so we can watch the same movie together.This product is a great
value.
    I was looking for cheap earphones with good sound quality for more than 10
hours of music. I found this earbuds and read good reviews. I ordered without
great expectations. After open the box I realized I'm wrong. It was great
quality for its price. I recommend this earbuds for these reasons ;First packing
design and  parts are very luxurious.Second, it can be play over 10 hours,
great!!!Third, it has rich soundForth, easy paring.
    I use my earbuds every day at work. The charge life seems to last me about a
week or more! The only thing I dislike is they are a bit uncomfortable but that
could be because I just left the rubber earpieces they came with in. I could
change them out for another one they came with and it might be more comfortable.
    So far, the best Bluetooth headphones I've ever used. The range is amazing.
Audio quality is good and clear, with decent lows, but with a hissing sound on
quiet music. Battery life is amazing and I love that there are controls on the
cord for controller playback. I can't comment on audio on calls because I like
to put the phone to my ear.
    I have switched to using wireless headphones while working out for a couple
years and these are the most efficient I have found so far. The sound quality is
great, but what separates them from other headphones is the magnetic tips which
let them easily lock around my neck or be attached to any metal surface. The
headphone itself also fits better into my ear than any other wireless ones I've
used. The ones I've used before I'd lose or break within a couple months, and
could notice the battery life decreasing. These I have never left behind or had
trouble finding, have never damaged doing physical activity, and have not
noticed the battery life falling. All in all these headphones are much more
convenient than any other wireless headphones I've used.
    I thought these were great for the price and they worked great and were the
most comfortable earbuds I’ve owned, but they suddenly stopped working after 3
months.  But I contacted Boltune and they immediately offered to replace them or
give me a $40 credit.  (I paid less than $40 for them.)  Their Customer Service
is great and I’ll definitely buy from them again.
    I ordered two of these headphones, one for me and one for the husband. My
husband loves them, and I do too! The battery life is incredibly long, and the
sound quality is amazing. My husband will not use any other headphones now. For
the price they are an incredible bargain!
    I love these headphones! They come with the set of headphones (which are
magnetic and attach to each other), extra ear pieces, a charging cord, and a
mesh carrying bag.The headphones block out all noise, and the sound quality is
amazing, and much better then you’d expect from headphones. Great bass, and very
clear sound. I love them.
    I got them about 2 month ago and Im super happy with the whoke experience.
The order was delivered fast, with the cutest packaging.I wanted to see how long
the battery lives before writing a review and now, after months I can honestly
say it lasts more than a week (I'm using them at least 3 hours per day)One other
thig that I was concerned is whether it will hold on to my ear and if it will be
painful. Well, they never fell ofd my ears and i basically dont feel I have them
on.! Just awesome.
    She's been breaking headphones back to back that we had to give a warning.
So far it has been 2 weeks and I hear no complaints. The kids are so exposed to
tech that when a device is no good they will tell us immediately. The magnetic
design makes it more durable. I'm just glad it's working out well and not
breaking. excellent battery life.
    I really like these. They seem to have a more dynamic sound range than my
airpod pros when it comes to listening to music. They stay in my ear even while
doing burpees and jump roping. The battery last quite awhile and they charge
really fast. Overall for $25 these are really great headphones. The only thing
that I wasn't the biggest fan of at first was the volume changer in the front.
It took a bit of time to get use to, but I also just wasn't expecting it since I
didn't notice it in the photo of the product.
    The only negative thing I can say about these headphones is that I keep
losing them! We have ordered 6 pair so far for my household.  Unfortunately,
they do slip off of my neck when I forget to stick the magnets together. I have
now improvised by attaching an office clip onto the cord that can attach to my
shirt.
    The sound quality on these headphones is great and noise cancellation works
well. There were a couple of problems I had with these headphones. 1st the cord
is way too short, causing the speakers to pull out of my ear when I turned my
head. I also had to manually sync the blue tooth to my phone every time.
    I bought these because I was tired of the cheap sets from Walmart with
connectivity issues and not being loud enough for workouts. These connected to
both my phone and laptop within seconds with no problems at all, and the sound
quality is great. Noise cancellation wasn't a high priority for me because
sometimes I need to be able to hear things around me but it is very muffled so I
would say they are good for that. Battery life is great and the sound is
awesome, especially for the price I paid for these. I also love the magnets in
the backs of the earbuds; that helps a lot to keep them untangled. Would
recommend and buy again!
    I like the fact that it was noise cancellation was awesome. The problem that
I had was I can not charge them no more the charger that came with them do not
work. I brought charger and it did not work either. I have these awesome ear
phone I can not use because I am unable to charge them. Not only do I have to
buy another ear phones I wasted my money, I only had them for one month I am not
happy about that at all
    I use the headphones to listen to streaming video while walking on a
treadmill.The sound quality is good for budget headphones.  They shut out most
but not all the the treadmill noise. The controls are easy to use. They have
fallen out of my ears a couple of times, care must be taken when putting them in
your ears.I have used these about two months so their durability is unknown.
    Overall these headphones suited my needs. I just was looking for cheap
Bluetooth headphones that worked well enough to watch videos and listen to music
from my phone. The noise cancellation was decent, but nothing like the super
high quality you can get with $200+ headphones. I haven't tested the
waterproofness of them yet, but I don't want to accidentally ruin them so I
probably won't just based on other reviews. My main issue is just the way the
look because they're a little bulkier than I like but that's not a huge deal. I
really like the magnet feature; it's actually way more useful than I would have
thought. Overall, these are really good for the price and I'm glad I bought
them!
    I searched for a pair of bluetooth headphones and chose this one based on
the reviews and the price. I work 12-13 hour shifts and they haven't died during
my shift. They have a little bit more range than my last pair so I can leave my
phone charging and walk further away. I was skeptical about the buds stating in
my ears but I have caught the wire on things at work and have not yet yanked
them out. It comes with different size ear pieces so you can find the right fit.
Overall very happy with the purchase and recommend for all day users.
    these little headphones Rock there are quite as loud as they hope but the
bass is extraordinary also note the battery life is very long and when connected
to my Samsung A20 they do tell you exactly how long the batteries last for.
magnets in the headphones meme I don't lose my headphones so I can put them on
easy when I get a call
    These wireless Bluetooth headphones are just what I wanted. Very
comfortable, lightweight, and they sound great. The battery lasts 16 hours on
one charge. They have easy to use controls and connect quickly with Bluetooth.
They stay in my ear and don't fall out. I use them every day.
    AMENDED- After posting the review before, I was contacted by Boltune who a)
apologized and b) offered me different combinations of their products including
THREE of the earbuds that broke. Impressive.  The products have arrived and I
have not used them yet, but as I appreciated the quality of sound of the orginal
earphones, I'm looking forward to using the new ones.Original:Frustrating
experience as I enjoyed the product. Sound quality was good; fairly comfortable
around the neck. Paired quickly .... All would be fine, but it suddenly stopped
working after 2 months of occasional use. That is simply not acceptable.
    I feel very comfortable, it won't hurt if I wear it for a long time. Its
design is very special, put in the ear to listen, do not let the ear have any
pressure, hang freely around the neck, the earplug magnet will close,
streamlined design will bring good comfort. i love the style and prefer how it
wraps around my neck versus cordless ones like airpods as well as traditional
ones with the cords.  I am pleased with this purchase and would recommend this
product and vendor to anyone looking for this type of product.
    I bought these headphones based on the many 5-star reviews. Overall, these
deliver on features, but can't quite give them 5-stars. Starting with the pros:
good sound quality, noise-canceling/reduction is very good, comfortable to wear
at my desk or doing light activity, good price. Cons: the earbuds are heavy, so
not sure I would enjoy using these for working out. Most annoying is they seem
to lose connection at random times (like when I'm on a call)-the nice voice you
hear when the headphones get connected randomly starts saying
"connected/disconnected" over and over several times. Hopefully, someone on the
receiving end of this message can help me with this.
    I have been through at least 3 different kinds of bluetooth magnetic earbuds
in the last year (I am pretty rough with them) but this has been the best so
far! I like that the cord is extra thick and durable, so they wont break as
easily if I snap them on my clothing or face mask. They stay in my ears when
running and don't budge when I'm sweating or doing decline weights! They have
great sound and paired super easily with my cell phone. The magnetic piece helps
keep them around my neck when not in use. Overall great buy!
    I have always had problems with pairing. These paired right up! I walked
pretty far away without realizing and never lost signal. They also fit
comfortably in my ears. I have bought so many bluetooth earbuds, some well over
60.00 (yes I know, they go much higher but not for me). These are the best so
far!
    Update: Customer service contacted me after I wrote the review that the
headphones died after 5mo. They were polite, apologetic and offered me a free
replacement or a full refund. This is excellent customer service and the company
stands behind their products. I opted to get a replacement which arrived
promptly and is working well.Used while running on the treadmill, once a week on
average. Sound quality was good, the earphones stayed put.
    The Boltune Bluetooth Headphones seem to be of excellent quality and are
very reasonably priced.  They were easy to pair with my phone, they sound great,
and have fine battery life.  My wife and I liked them enough that we bought
another set for her.  Thanks!
    Packaging: overall the earphones are well packaged. Minimal, hassle-free
packaging and easily accessible. I like how the earphones came in their own
little plastic bag and the earphones them selves had their own protective covers
like when you buy a new phone and it has that protective plastic on the
screen.Sound: They sound good, or at least good enough. I can see myself using
these for listening to lectures at the gym.Battery Life: TBDCons: I did struggle
a bit to get the charging port open, the cover is tightly in there and the lip
is almost none existent. I suppose this is by design, but for daily use this
might pose a slight inconvenience. Also, plugging in the USB felt a little
awkward.Overall: solid earphones
    The Boltune bluetooth headphones have a great battery life, and good sound.
The ease of set up, and ease of use in my daily workout routines have made these
my most used headphones. They are a bit heavy, but they make up for it with the
solid battery life. The headhphones charge quickly and use the speakers to tell
you when they are turned on or off ('power on' ' power off' via speakers while
pressing center button). I've had them for a couple months and they are still
working great. Thank you!!
    I have had several pairs of headphones and I have to say these are my
absolute favorite. I could jump around, shake my head, and these absolutely
stayed in place. The sound quality is excellent in comparison to the other
headphones that I had. Pairing to the phone is very easy, and the battery life
has been good so far. We will see how these hold up in the rain, although other
reviewer‘s have said that the device is sweat proof. One minor irritation is
that the charging port It’s difficult to open, but I think this will improve
over time as the joint opens up (see picture).
    I just got my third pair of Boltune Bluetooth Headphones and I love them. I
used my first set for about a year before I lost them, second set about 6 months
before I ran over them, and just got my third pair. I cannot tell a difference
in the quality of music between these headphones and any apple headphones I have
ever used. I can leave them powered on all day listening to music on/off without
having to charge them. My favorite feature however, is the magnetic clasps that
click together like a necklace so you never have to take them off. The range is
also perfect and never have any spotty connection like I have experienced with
other bluetooth headphone brands.
    Initial impression is very good. Tried several other brands and they have
all been 86'd due to sucking. These are good right out of the box. Easy to pair
and turn on and off. Sound quality good. I have slightly misshaped ears due to
wrestling and these fit really nice.I use these for working out and running.
After trying a few different sized inserts they stay in place reasonably well.So
far so good.
    Worked great for the first few months. Great sound! I wouldnt call it noise
cancelation but more of noise isolation. Since the design just seals and
prevents any out side noise. I never really used them that much but lately ive
been getting “battery low” after 1-2 hrs use so maybe the battery is not good
anymore. And to my luck the return period is over
    I have had these headphones for almost a year & use them every day. I use
them while cutting & sanding wood. Although I can still hear the noise it is
reduced, & I can still hear what I’m listening to over the sound of the saw. I
love that they are magnetic too cause when I need to take them out I can leave
them draped around my neck for easy access instead of them sliding. I had a pair
prior to these that weren’t magnetic & one side got caught on the washing
machine & ripped the earphone off. With these that won’t happen. & I can listen
for hours without having to charge them.
    I have been through so many Headphones, earbuds, etc. it's getting
ridiculous because they all eventually break down, some much sooner than others.
The High Quality of these Headphones are obvious right out the box. Quality
Materials, very Durable. The Sound is Great for the price. My favorites about
this one are the VERY LONG battery life, wireless bluetooth capabilties, it's
waterproof, and can also be flipped into a necklace with the magnetic tips.
    I am very impressed with this bluetooth headset.  I received on time.  The
packaging was nice.  The headset is exactly as described.  It comes with several
different earbud sizes so that you can get the right fit, a charging cable, and
a nice bag to carry the product in, and easy to understand instructions.Within
minutes I had the headset connected and was using it to participate in a
conference call on my PC and everything sounded great and could hear me
perfectly.  I am now able to move around my office without taking my headset off
and I couldn't be happier.  Will recommend to my family and friends!
    I find that the power unit on the cord is too close to the ear piece when I
try to put it up with my hair.  It works well and is easy to use the buttons.  I
like the ear piece and find it is very comfortable and a great fit for noise
cancellation.
    These are very nice headphones. They fit snuggly in my ears and have very
good sound and bass to them. I like the fact that I don't have a cord hanging
from my phone which was always getting caught on things and ripping out of my
ears. I have used them for calls and everyone has been able to hear me fine as I
can hear them good also. I have used them a couple hours the first time after a
full charge and over 4 hours several weeks later listening to music and it still
shows an almost full battery. I can go a fairly long distance from my phone
before I lose reception. They are at a good price and will make good gifts. Very
happy with these.
    Been using these headphones at work almost every day for a month, never had
a battery issue once. I've gotten close to 20 hours of use without a charge, but
expect battery life to degrade over time. Sound quality is good for the price,
sound deadening is also good.
    I gotta say I was skeptical at first but I really like these! They come with
3 different sizes of ear pieces to help get the best fit for your ear type, a
small charging cord adaptor, and a nice bag to store extras in. The backs of the
ear buds are magbetic so you can wear as a necklace when not in use. Very easy
to use and worth the $$.
    I have purchased a few sports headphones in the past but found that none
would stay in my ears properly because I sweat a lot - even after experimenting
with different insert sizes. However these are very comfortable and stay in
beautifully, even on a serious bike ride where I move a lot. At first I was a
bit skeptical of the little wings because they are flexible (I expected them to
be stiff so they would slot into the curve of my ear) but it turns out they fit
great and adjust to my ear shape. And they sound great too.
    I've had a chance to use these a few times, and they do quite well with
Bluetooth pairing, noise cancellation, and overall sound quality.  Unlike some
other Bluetooth headphones, these don't have 100 buttons, just three intuitive
ones.  Noise cancellation is good as well.The biggest downside to them is that
the earbuds themselves are a bit heavy.  On my first run with them, they were
constantly bouncing out of my ears. That was pretty easily remedied by switching
to the larger ear canal nubs, as well as the larger pieces that hug the inside
of your ear.  They now sit nice and tight, and as a bonus do an even better job
blocking out sound.
    Bluetooth was easy to pair. Worked great. Battery seems to last a while;
haven't had to use all the battery in one go yet. Not sure about the noise
cancellation part. The structure of the earbud fits in your ear good so I guess
that kills some surrounding noise, but it doesn't seem to have some sort of
active noise cancellation, or maybe I just didn't notice it. The rear of the
earplug is magnetic and so the left and right earplug attaches to each other -
easier for storage in the little bag provided.
    Thy should improve the noise cancelation because durig phone calls the
receiver kept complaining about noises and sound movement which was very
annoying although the sound from the caller was clear.Batterie life is ok
although after one call the  following day it became 80%.I also faced another
issue. I was connected and having a phone call, all was fine until i hanged up
and received another call. the sound wouldnt come out of  the earphone even
though it was connected. After several failed attempt of connecting and
disconnecting the wireless it worked only when i restarted my mobile.
    I am pleased with these.  They don't have to be charged all the time.  Long
battery life.  The last ones I bought still work but, something is up with them,
they connect and disconnect at random.  So I bought another pair.  I will still
use the old ones at home and the new ones at work.
    These headphones sound and feel great in the ear.  I was blown away by the
sound quality and noise cancellation.  My music sounds awesome and they work
well for phone calls.  These touch the inside of your ear to stay put which
works really well when I go running or use them while working.  Definitely a
winner.
    I waited to give these a review because I wanted to give them an honest
review. These are great. They have great sound a long battery life. They sync to
multiple devices (to my phone and iPad with Ease) and I’m so glad I bought them.
Highly recommend!
    I purchased these buds several months ago, and unfortunately broke them
because I wear them to bed, I contacted the customer service department just to
check to see if it would be covered under their warranty. Even though the damage
caused was basically my fault, Boltune sent me a new pair! Thank you Sheryl
from customer service, you guys definitely went above and beyond! I promise to
take better care of them because they are the best set of wireless buds I have
ever purchased!
    I got these earbuds around Christmas to replace a previous pair. They worked
very well for about 6 months, at which time I noticed the volume was incapable
of exceeding about 50%, even when set to max. I seem to have a talent for
breaking technology, though, so I can't say it was all the earbuds' fault.
Overall, these earbuds served me pretty well, and I'd probably get them again in
the future. The battery life was excellent, and I enjoyed the added feature of
noise cancellation.
    I bought these because my previous pair of earbuds (different brand) had a
nasty habit of cutting in and out. My husband had bought these previously and
recommended them to me. I'm glad he did! Clear sound quality with a wide
listening range. No cutting in and out! Highly recommended!
    I have been able to use these all day on phone calls and listening to music
with the battery lasting at least 12 hours.  The sound quality is really nice
and has a good bass response.  They are easy to use as there are only three
buttons.
    Excellent for the money; I use them for GPS usually while driving an
ambulance to get to calls and back to hospitals.They cancel noise well; well
enough for me to wear them in lieu of ear protection while shooting handguns
outdoors.Lost my last pair on a call;If anything to complain about; they are a
tiny bit bulky.
    It should s an excellent product. Especially for the price. The controls are
nicely available in a switch so that you don’t have to reach up to your ear and
manage the controls just by feel. Pairs nicely. Have not used it enough to
confirm battery life. But the performance is great. Can't also vouch for the
features that I have not used/tested like waterproof. But Definitely a
recommendation in case you are looking for a good pair of bluetooth headset.
    It is a great for the price, practical, long lasting battery life. The only
thing, for my preference, is the length is somewhat short. When the around the
neck, the magnets connect at about my clavicle and I find that location to be
uncomfortable, but it isn't a deal break it. I didn't think of it at the time of
buying it but I will next time.
    I needed a good Bluetooth headset for walking and for work, so I did a lot
of looking and found this hidden gem! As soon as I got it in I turned it on with
no problems and it paired with my phone immediately. All the buttons work
perfectly and the sound quality is amazing. If you need a good, affordable
Bluetooth headset this is for you.
    These earbuds are a great alternative to some of the crazy expensive
bluetooth ones out there. Overall, these are a great deal for the price.Pros:
They truly are noise cancelling, the sound quality is amazing, they are attached
and are difficult to misplaceCons: The attachment sticking out of some of the
ear inserts can get painful, luckily they work fine without that extended piece.
Also, I haven't had much luck with the microphone, people say they can't hear my
well so I'll have to keep messing around with that to see if it is just a defect
(some others said their mic was great)
    The mids in these headphones are SUPER muddy. It sounds like im listening to
music throughout a wall. I'm 28 and have used many many different types of
headphones.As the saying goesThis ain't it.I'm going to buy another pair of
beatsx.Update: they sent me the pro version and a pair of wireless 20's. The pro
version is a little better, but the 20s are way better. However, their battery
life is so crazy lackluster. If you want to go between the pods and these, get
these (but the pro version) The battery life alone is worth it.Still muddy mids
    I love my Bose headphones and they are great but i was looking for ear plugs
for my travel needs which take less space and at the same time have features
similar to my Bose. Browsed and compared multiple products. Boltune looked like
good choice and I was not disappointed. I am using these for last 15 days now.
Excellent product. Noise cancellation in too crowded spaces like railway station
could still be improved but 95% of cases it gives good voice call experience.
Battery life is more than 12 hrs (that's the max i used during travel before
recharging). I am going to use it more often now in remote office environment.
Also these can be charged using my android phone car charger.
    If you find yourself like me extending a weekend trip to visit family, the
world upends itself, and you get stuck with your parents for what seems like
it's going to be forever then you need these headphones. They'd be good even if
the world as we know it wasn't collapsing. The packaging is thoughtful, no
unnecessary plastic crap that's impossible to open. It includes lots of extras,
nice pouch and multiple buds that should fit anyone. Thank you Boltune for
making this crazy time a bit more enjoyable with awesome sound and seemless
connectivity.
    I have bought a earphones 1 years ago, the microphone is so poor. So I
decided to buy a new one. After a long time research I finally decide to buy
this one. I just got it today, it has not disappointed me. The sound is very
good in this price. The Bass is deep. The Middle range is clear. The microphone
is good. Much better than the one I owned before.Suggestion: I prefer to have
the foam tips because it will not suck my eardrum.The only drawback to this
earphones is the background noise while it been on. But all in all I fell OK
even my ear is very sensitive so I don’t think it will bother normal ear special
America ear:)
    I am constantly wearing headphones--while I am exercising, cleaning up
around the house, and working.  I am hard on my headphones--over the last five
years regardless of cost or brand I have had to replace my headphones every 3-6
months.  I have had my Boltune Bluetooth Headphones for 9 months and I have no
complaints.  Excellent sound and battery life.  The headphones are very durable
and have successfully withstood the my daily wear and tear.  The noise
cancelling is good but not as great as my over the the ear stereo headphones.
Because they are also an excellent price I recently purchased a second pair.  I
highly recommend these headphones.
    I like that thee come with different sized ear buds to fit your ears.  I
have a hard time finding ear buds that fit and these fit well and have good
noise cancellation and sound quality.  I like that the earbuds are magnetic and
connect into a necklace so you don't lose your earbuds.  The charge time was
fast and I it connects smoothly to my iphone.
    Bought these for working out and yard work... so they take a beating. I
usually have to buy a new pair once a year because I lose them. Thought I'd try
a different brand this time. I like these better the ones I usually get because
the the charging port is on the remote, and not the buds. I also didn't realize
the buds were magnetic which was pretty cool. They aren't quite as comfortable
as those last ones. I wear these in the yard for a few hours... I think the
difference is these don't have the over the ear clip. Overall, good set of cheap
earbuds.
    Very light.  The earbuds stay in the ear really well and the sound quality
is excellent.  I use these while running and while there is a slight annoyance
that the volume control thing creeps in front of me instead of behind my head,
the majority of the time (95%) I don't even know that I'm wearing anything.
    Comfort -- these headphones are very comfortable.  The earpieces are
substantial enough to give a good fit, but not so bulky as to leave your ears
tired after hours of use.Sound -- certainly above average for earbuds in this
price range.  They're not super-audiophile, but for $30 you can't
complain.Pairing -- while pairing is simple enough, they don't "retain their
pairing" when you switch to another device.  I bounce back and forth between
using these with my iPad and my iPhone, and have to reestablish the pairing
sometimes when I switch
    I have had problems with most earbuds staying in my ears while I am running
but these earbuds stay in very well when I run and play soccer. Sometimes the
wire pulls a bit on the back of my neck but is not much of a problem. They
connect to my phone quickly and do not have a problem staying connected. The
noise cancelling is perfect for me. They cancel out a lot of distracting noise
but I like that I am still able to hear when people try to talk to me.
    I was looking for a Bluetooth headset for exercising.  I wanted a set that
had a great sound quality and was comfortable in my ears.  I read the reviews
and liked what I saw.  I was very happy when I got them.  They charged quick,
they were very comfortable in my ears, and the sound was great!  I like the
16-hour charge.  I can use them for work and still have enough charge to
exercise with them at the end of the day.  I also like the microphone and
controls for adjusting the volume and forwarding a song when paired with my
device.  I would definitely recommend these to anyone who is looking for a
Bluetooth headset for a great price!
    When I go to Amazon I only see products and reviews.I am not interested in
buying this product, but because I saw the reviews from the buyers before it was
very good and by chance the product that I used was almost broken.finally I was
curious and wanted to try to buy this product too.I am waiting for this product
to reach home, when this product arrives at my home.I immediately use it. but it
turns out this product is really good. very much in accordance with the reviews
of previous buyers.I also feel satisfied and happy
    These earbuds were great while they lasted.  I'm careful with such devices,
but the right speaker failed suddenly at month five.  I don't know if these
would withstand any sports activity.Again, the phones were great while they
lasted - sound, noise canceling, play time - especially for the price.  The run
time on a charge is fantastic.  I purchased a second pair with the hope of
better durability.
    I was a bit skeptical when I decided to purchase these after I read all the
reviews. I use headphones for conference calls for work and listen to music
through out the day. The fit of these headphones is great, a little heavy but
the little fin on the earbud helps (at least for me). I really like how they
magnet to each other when you're not using them, especially when I have to run
after a 5 year old and want to keep them around my neck. I love them so much I
might get them for my older daughter!! I would defiantly buy them over and over
again!!
    The sound sometimes lagged with videos and connection often broke if you
covered one of the buds. I have long hair, so when I let my hair down, it falls
in front of the headphones and causes connectivity issues. The biggest problem I
had with these was that the buds were very heavy. My ears were sore after 1-2
hours with them in. The headphones worked okay overall.
    I wanted to like these headphones, and the do work great for the most part.
The issues come in when they're connected to a computer or paired with multiple
devices. When connected to the computer the randomly disconnect or power off.
This happens once every time I pair to the computer for a zoom meeting. Very
frustrating. If you're only using these for your phone, they work great.
    For under $25 I'm so impressed with these headphones! I have small ears so
I'm always worried about them staying in and these fit perfectly with the
provided smaller earpieces. Also the sound quality for phone calls is great, I'm
very happy with this purchase!
    Not noise cancelling, noise isolating, and I knew that going in.  Of course
not Bose-level sound quality but then I didn’t pay for that.  Work great for me
as wireless headphones for my computer.  Haven’t really tested the mic for
quality or isolation.  Battery life seems to be close to 16 hours but I have not
actually measured that.  I like them a would buy again.
    The ear pieces are a little different and take a while to get used to, but
they do provide excellent fit when moving around or working. These are solid all
around earbuds for the price, and to be honest, I was going to leave a 5 star
review anyway, but it turns out I GOT A TEN DOLLAR GIFT CARD FOR LEAVING THIS
REVIEW!! Lucky me!
    I received my Bluetooth headphones a few weeks ago and I have used them on
average 8 hours each day since. They are amazing. They pair well, the battery
life is about 17 hours( and yes I used them from charge to recharge) and they
last that long. In 5-6 minutes of charging, after the battery is fully
discharged you will get 2 hours of play. They have a long range so you are not
constantly having to re-pair when you move long distances from your device. The
price is great and I don’t think there’s anything in this price range that comes
close. Honestly they are better than a lot of higher priced headphones I’ve
used. In short they are an excellent choice. Tammy, Audio book fanatic
    Got these for my husband, he needed them for hands-free phonecalls in the
office. Tried them with my son and the microphone transmits just as good as a
regular phone call. Sound quality was amazing.All in all, he loves them.
Especially at this price.
    If your looking for great sound quality at a reasonable price look no
further than these headphones.It's light and easy to setup and use. I usually
have it connected to my laptop my tablet and my phone all at the same time and
the speed at which it switches amazes me everytime.After using this product i
bought 2 more for my family and everyone loves them.
    I have had these for a month. They are easy to turn on and last well. Sound
quality is good and I love the British accent for on and off. I find them really
comfortable too. The cord was a little stiff at first but it is loosening up.
Great product.
    I purchased these for my husband who spends a good portion of his day on the
phone with clients, and constantly loses or breaks his earbuds. These are the
same design and have just as clear a sound as the $120.00 earbuds I bought him,
which broke within a year. He likes that he can keep them with him without
having to keep them in his ears all the time. Just as good as his last pair for
a FRACTION of the price. Great purchase.
    At first every thing was good but after a sweat or 2 the microphone that
picked ur voice did not work most of the time so I returned it no prob and the
same thing happened with the new one And it stopped turning on but would still
charge
    I read reviews of several bluetooth headphones before purchasing this one.
I did not write a review until now when I acknowledge it has good sound quality.
I connect it to my Fitbit Versa 2 and listen to my most loved songs.  I did not
have to spend hundred dollars for a good one. Thank you.
    These are by far the best bluetooth earbuds I have ever purchased. They are
extremely high quality and the battery life on them is unreal. Sound is perfect
and they come in a small mesh case for easy transportation. No flaws and I would
highly recommend.
    Easy to set up and use, but despite all of the choices provided, the ear
buds don't stay in during heavy exercise. They don't seem to do much noise
cancelling either.9/2020 update-this seller will not stop harassing me to change
my review. Reported to Amazon and they're still contacting me! So frustrated! No
I do not accept your offer of a replacement of your crappy item & $40 PayPal. No
thanks!
    Little earphone comes with big sound equally distributed between bass,
medium and high ranges. With added fittings brings more selections of comfort
and stability. Oh, I forgot the great price that you can't beat considering the
quality you can only see in high ends with much higher price. A great selection
and truly good music/sound with freedom to move and enjoy longer playing times.
Thanks.
    I really wasn’t expecting the earbuds to be so comfortable or to sound so
good but I was surprised. The comfort level is amazing. You could forget they
were there. I tried hard to make them fall out but they stayed put. The sound is
excellent, nice bass and very clear. I was trying them out while watching tv and
the noise canceling feature works well. Didn’t take long to charge and they seem
to last. I am so pleased with my purchase.
    Thus far I like these headphones. I have had them for a week now. It is a
little preliminary to evaluate the battery life but it has been satisfactory; I
haven't run them down all the way in a single day yet. I have noticed a few
minor quirks with this particular item. One thing I find a little irritating is
that when one ear plug is in the ear the rest of the device will tend to slip
off your neck; you really have to use both earphones simultaneously. Moreover,
when the two earphones are magnetized around your neck they can protrude out a
bit rather than lying flush with your shirt. Set up was simple and quick.
    Use this item in the garage to listen to music and videos.  Paired with
phone and 2 different tablets. Easy. Great sound for the cost. Have charged them
once. Used for several hours without recharging. Would buy .again
    I have had other more expensive ones and they couldn't come close to these.
I work a 10 hour shift and these actually made it all the way through the day
and I wanted to see how far into the next day they would go, I was so surprised
that they made it completely through day 2. They still said they had 10% battery
left! I work around a lot of loud machines and these cancel the noise out pretty
well. I really like these and would recommend them.
    I was very surprised by the quality of these considering the low price. I’ve
been using these for almost two months with no issues. Battery life is very
strong and the sound quality is great! These hook up with no issues to my
peloton and iPhone.
    I need new headphones after my original pair stopped connecting via
Bluetooth, and I pick these up. After a couple hours of wear, I love them. The
fit is excellent and the noise cancellation is excellent. The only thing I did
not like upon first listen was a thought they were a bit tinny. However, that
faded over time and I also changed the earbuds to a smaller size so they fit
better.
    I wasn't expecting much from $20 Bluetooth headphones.  I was mistaken . I
wear them all day at work. The sound was fantastic. The fit was almost perfect.
When not in ears, I like the convenience, they stay safely around your neck with
the magnets to hold them together. They provided true stereo with good base and
background noise was not noticable. Connecting them was easy and with a little
getting used to, managing the the small volume control is easy.  Over all I am
impressed. I have now worn these ear buds 4- 5 hours a day.  I am still
completely impressed that such inexpensive earbuds can work as good as the
expensive ones.  I will recommond these to my friends.
    I had to return it, sound quality was great but It did not work as I like
when making calls. The person receiving the call would complain about not
hearing anything every time I would stop talking. Other than that, sound was
great and battery would last a long time.
    i have purchased several headphones & earbuds...but these are the best by
far! there lightweight & fit great...don't start to feel heavy after extended
use. sound quality is much better then i expected & can't beat the 16 hrs of
playtime! def recommend ;)
    I bought this product at the beginning of December and was really happy. It
worked well and playtime was  really long. But at the end of April it stopped
working. I cannot charge it anymore. Very disappointing because this headphones
gave me long playtime that was what I was looking for.
    I bought these as a gift for my wife since her other pair broke. She loves
them! They were much easier to sync with her devices, the sound quality is
great, and they come with different sized ear buds to choose from. I highly
recommend
    This is the second pair of these headphones I've purchased.  I purchased a
pair for myself and loved them so much that I bought my husband a pair.  They
truly last for 16 hour and they have great sound.  Highly recommend these
headphones.
    I lost my airpods case . . so i needed something quickly lol. so I used it
for almost like a month already, and i should say i love it! I love my airpods
of course- it's apple -but this one is 1/5 of what airpods cost me - and it
works great - I only use these when i'm commuting and working out- because
that's when i almost always lose my airpods. Because these are connected I won't
lose them - i haven't yet- and it lasts for a long time! and the quality -
music- is super good, for the price! the price is what nothing can beat this
item. They are stable, they last for a long long time, noise cancellation is
pretty good too - i am just really excited i guess.
    I loved the color and the design, plus the magnets are just the right amount
of strong. However, the cable is a little short if you are wearing a scarf or a
closed neck jacket and they end up pulling on each other a bit. Also, the shape
of the earbuds make it so they will slip out relatively easily, this could be a
plus so they don't get damaged is they get snagged on something but they can
feel like they will fall out at some point.
    I already own a pair of airpods, but connectivity was bad, and the battery
doesn’t last long. I wanted something waterproof headphones that could also last
long.Setup was super easy. Connection was very good. Sound quality was very
good. Battery. I haven't had a chance to see if there's really 16 hours of
battery life, but I’ve used it for more than 7 hr. It works with iPhone and
Samsung.
    I really like the "Wired" wireless headphones over the individual buds.
These are easier to find and harder to lose. Wanted something for snowboarding
and MTN biking that was low profile and had buttons for skipping tracks and
volume. Also I think people look silly slapping their ears to do what the
buttons do. For the price these are perfect. Only thing I'd like to see come
with the product is a little alligator clip for my shirt. I don't always ride
with both ears in. I need to be able to hear traffic around me in streets and
slopes.
    Liked them so much I bought them twice! ... So 3 days after I got these my
new dog destroyed them. But I immediately bought another pair. I have had
wireless earbuds but because they we just the buds I had to talk louder to be
heard, which I can't do at work. The Mic is close to my mouth on this one which
is great. Total noise cancellation to the point my family makes fun of me when I
have them on cause they know I can't hear them. I rarely have to chanrge them
and they actually pick up when I am in the adjacent building next door! Love the
little carry pouch too!
    I know what you're thinking - the right headphones are a status symbol. When
you're rocking the airpods, people know you're a playa.For $30, these headphones
can't be beat - sound quality, battery life, noise isolation (not active noise
cancellation). I prefer the wired headphones with a magnet like this, so I can
quickly take them off and hang them around my neck when someone decides to
interrupt my jam.Image is overrated - quality for a good price is where it's at.
    Worked great the first time I used them. Then they don’t turn on after that.
I tried to charge them for hours and troubleshoot them using google but they are
dead. They feel cheap too. This is my second pair of this style of headphones
and my first pay is legitimately better quality even though they are supposed to
be the same.
    Overall, really like this products - no complaints. Previously was using the
standard apple headphones, and these are a big improvement.  - no wires = way
less cumbersome (and my apple headphone jack kept breaking)  - noise cancelling
is excellent  - way better price point than apple ear budsI'm not a sound
expert, and I've never had Apple Air Pods, but I would guess that these
headphones achieve 90-95% of the sound quality at ~20% of the price.
    These are great wireless headphones. I’ve paid triple the price for a
fraction of the quality in the past. The sound is great and the battery life has
been fantastic. Will definitely buy more as needed. Thanks!
    I actually like these earbuds better than Taotronics that I had bought
because this lets you pause, skip, and backtrack. As well as increase/decrease
the volume (which the Taotronic does as well).These are also slightly magnetic,
so they clasp together when hanging around your neck. This prevents them from
accidentally falling off your body when you’re not using the headphones.They
have a little humming sound when you put the earbuds in with no music playing.
But that disappears as soon as the music starts. So not a nuisance in my
opinion.
    I loved the packaging of this item. Box has of course the Earphones, a pack
of different size ear tips. A 4-5 inch micro usb (would love it if was a little
longer). Very high quality pouch and manuals. I love how these earphones have
flat thick cable and are tangle free. Eartips stay in ear and snug fit. Paired
with my iPhone X in 10 or less seconds. I played cd quality audio and my
goodness cannot believe how good it sounded. The sound was clear with no muffle
or distortion. I have not tested full battery life but seeing other 5 star
reviews makes me hopeful of very good battery life. No need to purchase those
$100+ earphones.
    Ok, so first off, the battery life is absolutely amazing. That's a huge
plus. These headphones are great, albeit a little big/heavy for small ears like
teenagers for example. Other than that, with a little moving back and forth
until you adjust it correctly, they don't budge.  It takes a few times to get
the hang of it but it's smooth after that. So, a little big for small ears but
perfect for everyone else.  I highly don't you can find anything this good for
the same price.
    Easy to link to my iPad, iPhone & echo. Ear pieces fit well and stay in
place while I’m working in the yard or walking. The sound is clear when
listening to my audible book or music. I use my headphones to block out the
noise of my power equipment; these do a nice job for hearing protection. While
still allowing me to hear someone calling me or a car coming up behind me. Have
been exposed to snow and sleet and are still working great. Battery charge
allows for a full days use. Would buy again!
    Solid packaging. Light, loud, sweet sound. Good base.  But only lasted 6
months with weird lights, not turning off, not turning on, lost volume control.
Treated them well, so no excuse. UPDATE: Fantastic customer service and they
made it right. Bought another pair!
    I like these headphones a lot. They are super easy to set up, and easy to
use - just a couple of buttons. I like the magnetic clasp so I don't worry about
loosing them when not in use. The sound quality to me seems fine, and they are
comfy and secure in my ear. I'd buy them again!
    I had purchased a few soundbuds slim and loved those. They aren't super
durable. But they are light and comfortable. I initially liked these but they
were slightly heavy for me. The company stands behind their products and made me
a satisfied customer.
    I bought these headphones as they are excellent for when I'm working in the
yard. They keep the noise of powertools out of my years and the tunes in them. I
also appreciate that they're water resistant.
    I had numerous BT magnetic headsets and I use primarily when driving and on
my motorcycle.  These sound very good...solid bass and quality sound.  I have
had 20+ conversations while on the headset and I have had not to repeat myself
once yet.  Time will tell on the quality, etc. but thus far they are pretty
good!
    Product sounds decent and fits well. The battery is substantial so far but
the real test comes with age. The drivers stick out a bit too far for me and
they have some weight to them. It is mostly inconvenient for using them at night
but the driver sticking out hasn't been a problem for running so far. These
block out noise pretty well but you may need to go to their step up for better
noise isolation on the microphone.Overall I would recommend these headphones.
    These headphones fit very comfortably,  and have three size options for
customization if needed.  Sound quality is clear and crisp across the low to hi
spectrum, and audio for calls is great on bothincoming and outgoing ends.  The
bluetooth mechanism is small and nondescript, which is great for the gym, as
there won't be any bulky control box bumping around.  Overall a nice pair of
headphones. Well worth it.
    This is the second time I've purchased these earbuds. I'm very impressed
with the sound quality and battery life. The only reason why I had to buy a
second pair was because I lost the first pair, in my house, and because they
shut off after 10 minutes of inactivity I can't find them anywhere.
    Right off the bat.. packaging great! All the pieces are of great high
quality. Love the sound. The bag you store them in! Will definitely buy for
gifts. Great for HIIT workouts and jogging. Doing chores around the house! Crime
Junkie approved
    It's going to be hard to beat the value presented by the headphones at this
price. They work seamlessly and have a VERY long battery life. Sound quality is
pretty good. Headphones are a bit bulkier than I hoped for, but they are such a
good value for the price. Be sure to try the different sizes they include. I'm
very satisfied with my purchase and would recommend them if you are looking for
budget bluetooth headphones.
    WOW! I’m pleasantly surprised with how good these earbuds are. I was almost
going to spend $150 on another brand’s earbuds! These are so perfect, the sound
is amazing! They don’t fall out my ears easily and I can work out and drown out
the chaos around me! Thank you!
    finding headphones that will  stay in my ears, while running and golfing
(not at the same time) , has been a challenge.  These seem perfect.  The largest
of the 3 choices of ear adapters are  so soft, comfortable., and snug.Walking 35
yards away from the phone still holds the connection with no drop .
    I am really impressed with these headphones. Both the sound quality and the
battery life are excellent. I love the rich bass these headphones offer and they
gonplenty loud. I also have smallish ears and founfld the fit with the smallest
ear fittings to be great.
    I purchased these earbuds for myself.  This is the first time that I’ve
owned a pair of Bluetooth earbuds.  I was seeking a product that would give me
battery life, sound quality, design, & range.  This product exceeded all of
these expectations.  I was most impressed with the battery.  My only
recommendation would involve more length on the mic. I wear it behind my neck at
work. And this puts the mic about 1” higher than I’d prefer. I don’t have that
issue wearing it in front of my neck outside of work. It’s just my preference to
wear the cord away from my neck. Outside of that issue, the product gets my
stamp of approval 💖
    What’s great about these headphones are the sound quality, durability,
battery life and how light weight they are. I’ve used these for long runs, and
casually listening to music while doing household chores. They also fit nice and
snug in my ears without any issues and one of my favorite features is the ear
buds have magnets so if they are hanging around my neck, I can stick the earbuds
together and they stay in place.
    This is my second IPX7. I bought the first pair for my wife and she is
absolutely happy with them.  This pair is mine (I hope).  The sound is very
good, it charges fast and full charge lasts for a day.  Design is also very
friendly. The price looks like within reasonable range. What else would anyone
want from earbuds?UPDATE:  Bluetooth stopped working after five days.  To
resume, there is 50% chance to get a good earbuds and 50% chance to get
defective item.
    Best headset I have bought so far and I have been thru many in the $100
range.  One thing that they are way better at is call quality. I also really
like that they magnet together so they don't fall off your neck.  Highly
recommend.
    Although this is not as high quality as say, a set of Bose, for the money
you won't be disappointed!  I just ordered these for my wife and she loves them.
Good Sound quality, nice battery life and comfortable to wear.
    I bought these to replace a pair of over the ear headphones and a set of
Skullcandy headphones.I was floored by the sound quality, the magnetic ends are
the best thing ever. I have a tendency to leave stuff or drop it. The fit like a
necklace and our out of the way half the time I forget I am wearing them around
my neck.The only bad thing is that they were recently stolen so I am going to
buy 2 pairs this time.
    I'm always wearing headphones at work and the cord can be a bit cumbersome,
so I ordered these to give me more freedom. The sound is wonderful, connection
was super duper easy and they are comfortable to wear. The carrying case they
come with is small and convenient. It holds the charging cable and extra little
earbud covers in various sizes to help you get a perfect fit.
    These are very nice looking earbuds. The cord between them doesn't feel
flimsy. The sound is clear and I like the bass. Not too much and not too little.
The magnets on the earbuds are great when you take them out of your ears at work
so you don’t lose them. You can customize the fit as well, there are 3 sizes.
Overall I am very happy and the price is great!
    These are excellent earbuds, at a great price. They are superior to JBL and
Sennheiser models, in terms of sound quality and comfort, but the Boltune model
is about half the price! Construction is sturdy. Sound is balanced and clear,
with good treble and base, and fit keeps ambient noise out, but remains
comfortable. The magnetic feature is very handy. The Bluetooth worked well and
paired without difficulty. (Have not used them enough yet to be able to comment
on battery life.)
    I was going to buy another pair of Anker Soundbuds Slim and decided to try
these instead because of the good ratings and similar price point.  I'm glad I
did!  They are comfortable, have good sound quality for an inexpensive pair of
headphones, and pairing was a breeze.  The bass seems more pronounced than my
Soundbud Slims.I haven't had them long enough to be able to comment on the
battery life, but they came fully charged and I have been listening to them for
hours.
    These earbuds are great. They are very reasonably priced. I got great sound,
excellent battery life and they seem to be quality made. The only issue I have
is that you can't really lay on your side with them in because the stick out i
bit too much. They are really comfortable  to wear. Also the buds stick together
by magnetism so the don't get tangled as easily with other wires. That's a big
plus. I would recommend them to a friend
    If most wireless earbuds don't fit you then these are you're earbuds! Plus
they are wireless and hold a long battery life. They even hold in my ears when I
run! I returned another pair I just bought because they really didn't fit right.
I am happy with this purchase and they give you a little bag to keep everything
in. .
    I bought a pair of name brand (rhymes with pony) bluetooth sport earbuds
similarly priced that I ended up returning which were no where near as good as
these Boltunes. The call quality is above par. Callers on the other end say they
don't hear any background noise even with a fan and a TV on low. The sound
quality when listening to music is great. The bass is so good probably because
of the larger drivers. But be careful too loud and it gets a little muddy,
depends on the type of music. The magnets that hold them together are extra
strong. I lost my old pair because they didn't have any magnets. I'm sure I
won't be losing these.
    Sound clarity is great, noise cancelling is better than expected!  I have
enjoyed these so much i recently purchased another pair!  And the magnetic
"closure" around the neck prevents me from losing them while walking around. An
all around WIN!
    I have had the brand name ear buds and they are no better than these baby's.
What I like best is they charge via USB c same as my phone and smart watch so I
only need that wire my other earbuds and headphones use usb mini which is
annoying to pack two cables.They are light comfortable and have intricate
touch/gesture controls so you can bring theses to the gym or for your commute.
It really shines as a head set for taking and making calls!
    I was really impressed by these because they lasted longer on a partial
charge than my phone did on a full charge.  The little rubber bits actually fit
in my ears, which is the first time I've ever had that happen because my ears
are shaped weird I guess so those bits never fit me.  They charged pretty
quickly, too.
    This is my second pair of Boltune bluetooth earbuds. One is for the gym and
the motorcycle and one for the iPad and garden work. Battery is great and sound
is surprisingly good. That is why I bought another one. Thanks
    These are great.  sound is good, battery life is good.  I have owned others
like this, but...with this brand the wiring is a little thicker for increased
durability.  My other brand of wireless headphones eventually broke due to
wiring issues.  I do not see the same thing happening to these. I would buy this
brand again.
    I’ve been using these headphones for a week and so far, so good. I have
small ears which cause most earbuds to pop out, but these stay firmly in place
comfortably. The battery life and noise cancellation is as claimed. Overall,
great purchase.
    These Boltune headphones are supreme quality. They are exactly what I was
looking for. They don’t fall out of my ears, the sound is outstanding, and the
battery life is excellent. I can use them for 3 days (several hours a day) on a
single charge. I use them while I work to listen to Netflix and they cancel out
all the other noise around me. You will not be disappointed with your purchase!
    The headphones arrived in minimal packaging which is nice for recycling.
The sound quality is better than my plug in headphones and my voice is clear
when using the mic.  They come with multiple size ear plugs which is nice to get
the perfect fit
    My wife loves this pair of wireless earphones. She has completed a lot of
audiobooks while cooking with those earphones. The product is great in sound
quality, durability, and battery life. Thanks a lot for the great earphones.
    I just got these and so far am very pleased. The sound is good, setup was
super easy and I like the magnets that hold them together around your neck when
you are not wearing. Listened using them on my run this AM and battery life is
good so far. Plan to get a second pair.
    The product is surprisingly compact I wonder where they fit in the battery
and Bluetooth. Maybe because of this the sound is just good enough. It wear
while sleeping and walking and it's super light. Mic is very bad. If for
excerise, I will definitely recommend for the price. I would say A 3.5 star. I
am still surprised by the size and weight. Extremely well built.
    Really satisfied with these headphones.  Sound quality is clear and dynamic.
They hold up well during a busy work day running around and don't fall out plus
sweat isn't an issue. The pairing process was easy and they reconnect without
hassle. The buttons are responsive and I don't have any problems with sticking.
Overall really happy and can recommend them to anyone!
    I tried 3 pairs before I found these. The others either fell out of my ears
often or they had an arm that spooned my ear which interferes with my mask 😷, or
they were wired and I couldn’t get 2 feet away from my phone, or the battery
didn’t last the entire work day. I have none of theses issues with this set of
earbuds. My only complaint, which isn’t really a complaint of mine but those
around me. The noise cancellation is so good, I have to remove them from my ears
to hear my coworkers talking to me.
    I had these for 1 month and they burned up and melted when I was charging
them. It’s too late for me to return them. It was a complete waste. I would like
to contact the company for a replacement.I contacted the company and they
replaced my headphones no questions asked. They even gave me 3 options for
replacement and shipped priority mail. Love them they work great! I think this
happened because I was using the wrong adapter to charge them. For these you
need a 5V/1a charger.
    These are really nice. Battery lasts all day listening to audible, podcasts,
and using the phone. I also use them when I shoot guns for noise cancellation
when they are completely turned off. I’m rough on headphones, these are durable.
Great price, highly recommend.
    I have had several sets of bluetooth headphones and these are by far the
best.  I have had them for 10 months and they are still working great.  The
sound is good.  Thing I like best is the strong magnets that hold them together
when they are around my neck.  The magnets on other brand I had were weak and I
lost them not too long after I got them.  The battery life on these is great and
I like that the voice that tells you that the power is on or off isn't too loud.
If these ever wear our, I would definitely buy them again.
    Easy to set up!  Easy, surprisingly comfortable fit!  Easy to listen to!
Captures the whole sound as I listen to John Batiste "Jazz in America" on You
Tube.  Great gift from my wife for Christmas!
    This is an excellent product for the price. Great sound quality and
comfortable to wear. I have smaller ears where regular airpods unbearable after
10mins. I can wear these for hours with no issues. Highly recommend.
    Hi. I am a runner and I love listening to music without the hassle of long
cables and low sound quality. When I got these headphones I was shocked. I was
not expecting this high quality, especially at a low level. I say that in the
best way I can. They feel very good and stay in your ears without pain and do
such a good job to cancel the noise. As the pandemic is going on I have not
tested these while running. But, being at home and having only one in the ear
does not affect the opposite side to fall out. That makes me really enjoy them.
Thank you!The mic stopped working.
    Really like these Bluetooth earbuds. Very easy to pair, and they sound
great. Just what I need for the cycling studio I'm setting up during this virus
apocalypse. Took off one star because the cord is a bit short for my fat neck
and when I wear them around my neck, clicked together, they look like a choker
on me. :)
    I've used a variety of different bluetooth headphones similar to this, but
this Boltune model seems to be the best bet overall. I use it mainly for working
out, but also sometimes just around the house. Battery life is excellent, by far
the best in this price range that I've found. Sound quality is good as well. The
headphones are lightweight and stay in my ears while I'm working out, and are
definitely sweat resistant. At this price point, I don't think they can be
beaten, and they're definitely worth trying out.
    These headphones are wonderful. I had a pair of headphones that were
wireless and didn’t like them at all for running. These are perfect for running.
The sound is great and super easy to connect. These are wonderful. My kids have
been using them too. They come with smaller ear pieces too.
    I went through at least 7 similar blue tooth devices.  They all tend to have
thin sound.  When I tried this Boltune device, I was surprised by its full
sound, especially the bass was rich without being distorted.  I am very happy
with my purchase.  Thank you, Boltune for a great product.
    Awesome pair of headphones! I actually bought these to replace another
repair of Bluetooth headphones and these are by far are way better! The sound is
amazing for listening to music and calls. I also love the different sizes of
earbuds you get with it. I would deff recommend these.
    This is my second pair of these,  my first pair were swiped by my sister and
after hers broke. The sound is amazing, they are comfortable and the magnetic
pieces to hold it together when not in use is amazing. I use to have the LG
sports headphones which don't have as long of a battery life, don't sound as
clear,  and we're more expensive. So I feel like I hit a gold mine with these.
    This is a nice item for $25!  The sound quality is good, they are
comfortable, the controls are basic and clear. It quickly re-connects to my
iPhone (better than my previous set, Senso).The magnets on the earpieces are a
nice feature. It lets me disconnect (to talk to real people, or whatever), while
leaving them quickly accessible to plug back without worrying about losing them
or having to deal with putting them in a pocket.
    These bluetooth headphones are under $30, so don't expect the best sound.For
the price, they work fine.Paired with my desktop easily.I just wish the controls
fob was smaller, it's kinda bulky compared to another pair I have.
    These work well so far! I haven’t had these long but I really like them so
far. I initially felt like they would fall out of my ears easily, but after
adjusting to the smallest earpiece, I think they feel pretty secure. When I
pulled them out of the box, they were already charged and connected to my
phone’s Bluetooth right away (I’ve had issues connecting with other Bluetooth
headphones). The sound seems on par with my previous Bluetooth headphones. I
also like how they are magnetized so that you can wear them around your neck
without losing them. So far, so good!
    The control section is heavy and often pulls back and I have to often adjust
the cord back forward or it puts a pulling pressure on my ear. I often use a
little kids small hair clip to anchor it in place. Otherwise fine.
    These a great head phones. Much better sound quality than I expected for
this price. Changing the cushions on each ear was a little tricky, but I got it.
Batteries last a long time. Bluetooth is excellent as well. I can leave my phone
in my kitchen and walk all over the house and it stays connected. Even upstairs.
    The headphones will be used for calls, movies and music.  It came nicely
packaged and on time.  Was fully charged in under 2 hours.  The sound is
extremely good and cancels noise superbly.  I gave a 5 for battery life because
I used it for hours, did no turn it off during the night and it is still working
this morning.  One of the best I had so far.  I love it.
    These work great and are, for the post part, comfortable. The only negative
is that there's a weird mic delay (causes my video and voice to be out of sync)
when I first enter a Google Meet video conference. It corrects itself if I exit
the meeting and the jump back in, but it's weird.  None-the-less, these are a
great value.
    These are nice headphones for $30.  They are lightweight, comfortable, stay
in the ear, blocks surrounding noises well and  flat wire prevents tangling.
Good battery life doesn't need charged frequently.  The bass is a little high
but overall a good sound quality.  This is a set of my own after getting my
spouse some for Christmas.
    These headphones have great clarity and sound. They are great for the gym
and while on the airplane they block out all noise from the engines and other
passengers. Also excellent for listening to binaural sound during meditation.
Headphones stay charged for a long time.
    I bought these earphones because I thought they will fit really well. But
I'm amazed by the excellent sound quality of the earphones, with great HD stereo
sound and decent noise cancellation. There is no complaint about the fitting as
well, does not fall when running, unlike the new "true wireless headphones",
which hardly stays in my ears during workout. Bluetooth 5.0 connection pairs
with my phone immediately after turning them on.Absolutely love these
headphones, would definitely recommend.
    I had thease for a month and at first that worked fine. The battery life was
as expected, no sound cancellation that I could tell and sound wasn't the best
but gets the job done  But after a while they stop connecting with my phone via
bluetooth. Was a good product for the money being I bought them on cyber monday
thinking I got good deal.... but if in the end it dosen't work 👎 not worth it.
Waist of money.
    Just like anyone, we are always finding ourselves buying new ear buds.
These are very nice and I would purchase them again.  The sound quality is above
average and they hold a charge for a good amount of time.  Very pleased.
    I got these headphones for work. I was looking for something that lasted the
whole day, sounded good on all levels from audio books to music and felt
comfortable. These ended up being them. I returned a pair that had all the other
traits besides comfort and even though I was a bit skeptical in purchasing this
pair, I gave it a shot and I am beyond happy.They charge quickly too. Ive even
worn them on a run the night I got them and they were great, I use blue tooth
wireless though for running so i dont get bothered by a cord.These are great and
priced right, def recommend.
    These headphones are a STEAL! The sound is great, they were very easy to
pair, they fit comfortably... I bought them for working out, but I'm getting
more use out of them than i though i would!
    Like these as they are comfortable with the extra size ear pieces(I needed
the smallest). The sound is great for me(I don't have a lot of experience with
earphones). Not much noise cancellation- I don't think these are really meant
for that. Thx.
    This earphone is so comfortable and fit as well as the battery life is
amazing. I do not get the ringing ears that I have gotten from previous
headphones that push to much treble. Use it to listen to music is a joyful
moment.  Another nice feature is the magnets on the back of the earphone is nice
to connect them around your neck when not in use. They are light enough that you
can easily forget that you have them on. The controls are very helpful for
starting and stopping what you are listening to when you need to talk to someone
.
    I love these headphones! I love that they have magnets in them and are heavy
duty quality. They fit in my ears during the gym and while I’m up cleaning the
house! They have amazing sound quality and when I have them in I can’t hear
hardly anything. The noise canceling is surprisingly well. For the price this is
an amazing product!
    Very good product, bought it  because I have  wireless earbuds, but battery
only good for 2 or 3 hours, with this Bluetooth headphone i have more than 10
hours playtime, sound is very good , and  it's very comfortable too, very
satisfied.
    I am not an audiophile, but these are the best sounding Bluetooth earbuds at
this price range in my experience (I've tried about a dozen over the years).
That is not to say that they are cheaply made.  They are quality, look good,
sound great and fit well.  I can afford the top dollar earbuds but, why, when
these sound so good.  Not to mention I have lost a few pairs.
    Don't spend over $100 on a pair of expensive earbuds when these $25 Boltune
bluetooth headphones are just as good. They are 100% water resistant as I worked
ten hours in the rain with them on while pressure washing. I could easily hear
the music over the noise of the motor running. The same experience with mowing
the lawn--crisp sound with no distortion.  The magnetic clasp is a lifesaver. It
keeps the headphones securely wrapped around my neck and they are very
comfortable to wear.
    My music is SO crystal clear now and no static!! This is upstanding products
and you don't break the bank buying them!!! If you love your music then you love
it even more through these ear buds!!
    I've found these headphones to be very well rounded. Sound quality is very
good in the under $50 catagory; combined with the comfort, water-resistance, and
long battery life, I've not been able to find anything better for less than $50.
Will make a great stocking stuffer.
    I really like these headphones. They work really well and they sound
amazing.Didnt leave a 5 star review due to the battery. This is actually my
second time purchasing these headphones as the first time the battery failed and
wouldnt stay charged after being charged.I tried other headphones and ended up
coming back to these as they do work really well and the person i talk to on the
phone can hear me clearly. I ended up buying this as a gift for my sister too
lol.
    Over the years, I have purchased several types of wireless earbuds;
Jaybirds, Beats, Skullcandy, etc. and these are by far the best purchase ever!
The magnetic clasp is an excellent feature which prevents them falling off when
not in use; sound quality is great, and the battery life is excellent and
accurately described. I sleep with my earbuds nightly and they have never fell
out of my ears! I have purchased 4 of these so far as gifts for my family and
they all love these as well! Highly recommend!
    This is the second rating for these earphones. They have the longest battery
life I have experienced plus they are extremely loud.One pair for the phone and
one for the television.I even like the placement of the buttons on the control
piece.
    I bought these for the gym. I got them today and already used them. These
headphonesmeet most of the promises in the description..Great sound and
extremely comfortable.these headphones have a nice design, feel durable, and can
reach very high volume levels.i haven't monitored the battery life since i only
used it today. I didn’t hear anybody on the background while working out !!also
great for voice calls- they work pretty goodHowever, overall I would still
recommend these headphones
    Like it better than the Anker ones I had. Don't like that I can't easily
check battery life and how if you just have one ear in, the weight of the other
headphone pulls the one in your ear out a bit, BUT the magnet works great and
such.
    I enjoy that these headphones rest comfortably with a magnetic connection
around your neck and are easily accessible. Their sound quality is great and
noise cancellation very effective. They stay in place as I move around a lot.My
one complaint is that they don't pair with my MacBook Pro from 2015, macOS High
Sierra 10.13.6. They did at first, but then suddenly stopped, and even after
I've wiped the memory of the headphones and restarted my Mac bluetooth they
still don't work. That's disappointing and I'd like help resolving it.
    I've bought three sets of these, they're my favorite headphones. Battery
life is amazing. I use them on 12 hour shifts at work and they last all shift
and into the next one. They also charge really fast. 10/10 would recommend.
    This product provides great audio and long battery life as expected. The
bluetooth connectivity is faulty, working around 60% of the time.The major
problem is that the power LED will stay stuck in a cycle switching between red
and blue lights causing the device to not connect to any of my devices. My only
solution is that I have to connect the headphones to the charger again to turn
off the device and then restart to work again. Please improve the quality of
this product.
    The quality is great, the sound is strong and I can be a good distance away
from my device and still get great connection without an interruption. I even
got to use them in the shower a couple times. Nothing ever bad happened to them.
All of a sudden it just wouldn’t turn on anymore. It wasn’t water damage because
it would’ve been obvious or noticeable right away or start glitching. I just
want headphones that can at least last me more than a year. I only lasted 5
months with these headphones
    Headphones were very well designed and last longer than other expensive ones
ive bought in the past. Will be buying a new pair soon.I've had them for about a
year they've been put through hell and back, and just recently did they start to
break. Some of the best Headphones I've had.
    Sound quality was okay, but these never really fit in my ears.  Also, I do
not trust that this product is water-resistant as advertised.  I found it odd
that they stopped working just a few days after the option to return them
expired.  I will be shopping elsewhere to replace them.
    I bought these because of rated battery life. I work a 12 hour shift and I
like to listen to audio books while I work. At a mid volume listening to books,
I still have 60% battery life after my shift. Music at higher volumes, about 40%
left after my shift.I was impressed with the sound quality as well. They sound
amazing, good highs, and great lows.They lose a star for calls though. No one
can hear me when used as a headset for calls. But not a big deal for me, I just
needed some decent headphones lol. And for the price, cant beat them. Would buy
again.
    I really love these headphones! Perfect for the gym. When I exercise, these
stay in my ear nice and secure. They're really comfortable too. The sound
quality is surprisingly clear and audible. I like that you can change the songs
on the volume without even needing to touch your phone. It comes with different
sized earbuds and hooks so it can fit in your ear properly. I haven't tested out
the noise cancellation but I bought my boyfriend a pair as well and he says it
works really well. All in all, these are pretty good headphones for the price.
    Overall is good , sound quality specially  for music is NOT excellent, but
is very good for this price. I bought it for listen to music when I hiking, but
it likes a regular headphones.For talking on he phone is a good option and sound
is clear for both ways. Another things that I don't like is you can not know how
much of battery charge is remaining.I gave them 5 stars because the costumer
service of this company is excellent ,Thank you the company.
    I needed wireless audio for working from home. These have good quality and
fit nicely. Earbuds at this price can be a hit or miss but these are a hit for
sure.
    What a shame! This was a very decent headset for the two months that it
worked. The red light comes on during the charge but they will simply not turn
on. I reached out to Boltune via email and of course, NO RESPONSE. So, it turns
out the customer service is SECOND RATE...just like their headsets! Luckily, I’m
only out about 20 bucks so it was a very inexpensive lesson of what a hack
company Boltune is.
    I bought this to use with my phone and it is absolutely adequate for my
purposes. I was even able to talk on the phone while biking which I have not
been able to do before.  The battery seems to hold up well and is easy and fast
to charge. The sound quality is not the best, but for the price, it works well!
    These earbuds have stellar sound quality, fit ears perfectly, and are easy
to operate. They have been a great help while teleworking during the COVID-19
quarantine. Thanks for a great product!
    They seemed to work very well for the first three weeks and then suddenly
wouldn't turn on.  I charged them thinking I must have accidentally left them
on.  After a very long charge time (over a day) I was able to turn them on.
Used them for an hour and then made sure I turned them off.  The next day again
they wouldn't turn on.
    After using it for multiple days. I have to say this is pretty good! Sweat
resistance is 100% and the sound quality rivals some 50 dollar headphones. Noise
isolation is pretty good too. But the magnets in the headphones for better
organization and to help keep it from tangling is surprisingly awesome!
    The battery life was much more than I expected.  I bought these for my wife
some time ago and she liked how they stayed in place when she exercised. She
also was happy with different sizes allowing her to find the perfect fit for her
ear.  I ended up buying these for my young teen daughter and she is more than
happy with them.
    They worked well for 2 months but now are giving issues. Microphone works
however the speakers do not. Not a lot of use for headphones without speakers.
    I had a problem with this device, reached out to customer service and they
qere super nice to replace it with a newer upgraded version. Enjoying my awesome
new headphones. Thank you Boltune for your awesome customer service
    I love these headphones, especially for the price.  I have returned another
pair because they had issues.  They stay in my ears well.  These have volume
control and you can go to the next song easily or change volume.  Also can turn
the headphones off.  They paired with almost no effort on my part.  I even like
the little bag to store the headphones.
    I bought these because I got a new phone that doesn't have a typical
headphone jack.  I had an issue with my husband hearing me the first time I
called him but after I restarted my phone it worked fine.  I connected the
headphones with both my phone and my Microsoft Surface and it switches from
Surface to phone automatically when I get a call.  They are comfortable and the
sound quality is good.  They were easy to set up.  I haven't used them a lot but
so far am very happy with the purchase.
    Great product! Love being able to listen while doing housework. Easy to hang
around your neck when not in use with the attached magnets on the earbuds. I
have small ears so other headphones don’t work for me. These have 3 different
size options! Would definitely recommend!
    Bought 2 pairs, one pair for me and one pair for my wife.  The first charge
last maybe 3 or 4 hours, because after my first use they died while I was at the
gym.  Recharged and they did the same thing.  Now they won't even charge.  My
wife's seem to working OK.  Good luck if you decide to purchase.  Would give a 1
star review, but the sound quality is very good.Updated:  Upgraded to 4 stars
because the company reached out to me and offered a replacement.  It took them a
while but it was good they finally did.
    Decent pair of cordless headphones, a little heavy but worked for running
and working around the yard.  But it died within three months, with twice/weekly
use.  Buyer beware.
    I really like these; and for the price that are great. I own a pair of
wireless Jaybirds that I use for running. They were about $130.00. The Botune's
are more reliable. I don't get any delay when listening to music from my Apple
Watch. Unfortunately, this isn't the same with the Jaybirds. The most annoying
thing for a runner is when your ear-buds cut in and out.
    A little bit bulky in the ear. Put the smaller ear pieces in and the fit was
better, takes a little getting used to due to the design.  Sound is really good
and loud.
    These are OK as an inexpensive Bluetooth earbud. The wire between them could
be longer. The controls are logical and easy to use. They are not noise
cancelling, but they are not advertised as noise cancelling.
    I really like these earbuds!  They are nice and loud, and they instantly
paired with both my phone and my mac.  They also charged really fast.  The
package comes with extra earpieces and a carrying case, which is really helpful.
Do recommend!
    I had lost a pair similar to these by another manufacturer so I had
something to compare these to...  I had to push the lost pair back into my ear
all the time because of the weight, these were much lighter and rarely, if ever,
fall out... The sound quality and noise cancellation is also much better because
I can actually listen to the music instead of constantly having to push them
back in my ears...
    These headphones are great. The sound quality is amazing. I even received
mine a day earlier than I was supposed to.  The price is great for the product
quality. They come with a great variety of ear pieces, that feel comfortable in
your ear.  I would recommend them.
    The bass and sound quality are amazing for the price you pay. Way better
that airpods. Not great for laying down since the protrude quite a bit and it's
uncomfortable to lay on your side. Perfect to deter strangers from interacting
with me. Stranger danger.
    Got these for my son, he lost the ones that came with his phone! These are
so high quality , durable and nice looking , very comfortable to wear - they
really compare to the brand name! Amazing sound quality!! Worth the price!
    Overall these were a pretty terrible buy, while the sound quality was OK the
battery life was pretty short and the headphones fell constantly our of my ears,
after just over 5 months of occasional use, they stopped taking a charge or
turning on completely. 100% would not purchase again.
    Well made doesnt feel cheap. Sounds great with pretty good bass and sound
cancelation.  Not bad for the price! The magnetic heads make it much easier to
keep track of than the wireless headphones.
    I bought these for my husband and my daughter.  You can not go wrong for the
price.  They fit in your ear well and the sound is good. If your in the fence
about buying them, don’t be! They are great!
    Sound quality is midgrade but good for the price.  Product worked great
until it didn't.  5 months after purchase and the charge port no longer works.
Update: contacted customer service and after a couple minutes of troubleshooting
they sent me out a free replacement set.  Very pleased with the purchase so far!
    I didn't expect these to work as well as they do. I actually like them
better than the beats for iPhone. They fit the ear nicely. They also respond
very quickly when you dictate a text.
    Absolutely amazing! I have gone through many different headsets and these by
far are my favorite. The time it takes to charge is a little longer than some,
especially when they are dead but WORTH the wait! They actually stay in my ears
during vigorous workouts. My ears are smaller so I have a hard time with earbuds
and these by far work like a charm! The price is absolutely unbeatable for the
sound quality and battery life. Bought some for my mom because they work so
well.
    My husband loves these headphones. You can’t beat the price. He’s had
several sets of expensive headphones ($100+) that last barely a year and sound
quality is so-so. He said these headphones were loud enough to hear over the
lawnmower.
    One of the things that I like a lot about this headphones, is how practical
they are, how great they sound, and how easy it is to paired with your phone,
not to mention that the battery last a long time!
    Honestly the most durable headset I've ever owned. The sound is amazingly
clear and I can walk 150 feet away from device and still be connected. It easily
connects between my smart TV and phone when a call comes in. That's cool. It's
very hot outside but no sweat they are waterproof, even in a rain storm! The
size was a little awkward at first but I used the included ear pieces to get a
custom fit.  I'm looking forward to buying the upgraded pair with the equalizer.
5.0 Bluetooth is awesome!
    I wore them for nearly so long before charging them I forgot they were
wireless!I work out for roughly 45 to 65 minutes,  5 to 6 days a week. After
about a 2 hour charge, I was set for the next 2 weeks before needing to charge
again. For the price, these are excellent. I would like a bit more bass, bit
with the additional pieces I was able to find a better fit for sound. Not noise-
canceling,  yet I dont believe they are. I actually prefer a bit out noise
pollution so I am aware of my surroundings.
    These are great headphones. Light weight and comfortable. I can now work in
the yard without worrying about wires getting in the way.Very fast delivery
also.
    I love these! They stay in my ear, I did have to switch to the proper
fitting ear piece for my ear, I’m a runner and they do not fall out. The sound
is awesome! Very very happy
    Great sound, long battery life, I like the way they look. only thing I
wished it had was a clip to clip to my clothing, other then that I am very
satisfied with this product.
    Awesome headphones for the price! Easy to connect with any device and
comfortable to wear for a longer period of time. The sound quality is almost
like my Bose in-ear. No tinny sound on these! I actually ordered a second pair
to connect both at the same time with the Boltune bluetooth adapter on my LG 4K
TV for better understanding a movie.As they are in-ears the noise cancellation
feature was not expected.Great find, I highly recommend
    I purchased these earbuds based on the reviews and the price. I replaced
another competitor's earbuds that didn't even last a year. I have to say that I
am truly impressed with the sound quality and overall quality of the earbuds.
    I love these earbuds!  I lost my first pair doing landscaping, tried to
replace with another for half the price from a local store, and I was deeply
disappointed.  I had to order this pair because these are the best I have ever
worn, and such a great price.  You won’t be disappointed with this pair.
    Was extremely sceptical about these.. but to my astonishment they sound way
better than I thought this is my first pair ever I like the high end wired .. I
would definitely recommend this  to anyone who loves music ..
    2nd pair I've bought, I believe 2 equals 1 so why not have 2 pairs. Fits in
the ear nice and snug without feeling too tight. Buttons are a little bit bigger
than the first pair which is nice when wearing gloves like I do.
    I was forced to look for a new pair of headphones after one side went on my
last pair. I have incredibly tiny ears and I often have issues with earbuds
being too large and falling out. So far so good! I’ve now worked and cleaned my
house with these on without losing them. I’ve had them for almost a week and not
yet had to charge them. Sound quality is lovely even at higher volumes. I do
wish the noise cancellation was a little better, but overall super happy with
this purchase.
    Got them as a gift for my trail running brother & for the last week he has
been raving about them. Just tried them myself for the first time today & I
usually use my Apple AirPods so I’m used to that & these are arguable better in
sound. Also usually these bids fall right out of my ears and they are so secure.
He keeps commenting on how they don’t fall out & they cancel all the noise
around him too.  Really awesome. Great purchase. Would buy again.
    I do not usually leave reviews but I am impressed. I have purchased quite a
few pairs of headphones online and they all disappointed, and did not last long.
This pair for the price is very nice quality. Comfortable, good sound, and long
battery life. I would repurchase this item!
    These headphones are phenomenal. I charged them up 3 days ago, and still
have 60% left (with plenty of use). People hear me very well when having phone
conversations. Plenty of bass and works well with all of my media players. It
paired easy and stays connected. No sudden drops. They stay in my ears without
calling out. If I had to find one negative thing to report about them, it would
be that the headphones sit slightly outside of my ears and do not stay fully
inside my ears. I may just need to switch to a smaller ear pad.
    Headset is solid and I bought a second for my wife.  Only issue I have is
the size.  They are big in your and although you don't notice too much and they
stay put after a long time in they are heavy.  But that size gives amazing
battery life.  Have used multiple days without needing acharge.
    Great sound and fit my ears perfectly. Does come with other ear pieces so if
you have a fit problem you can switch them out. I do recommend.
    These look nice and they are very light as well,  they fit comfortable and
the battery life on them are incredible to be so light.  The noise canceling on
these work wonders and the sound quality isn’t half bad either
    These headphones are fantastic, especially for the price. I was surprised
how great the sound is. And they stay in my ears well during my workout and when
I'm running on the treadmill. I love that they came with 3 different size ear
pieces as well, because I need the smallest size. They would be perfect if they
had an adjuster to pick up some of the cord slack in the back. But overall,
these are fantastic headphones!
    It has good sound, but it is not noise-canceling.  Beware that selecting a
filter doesn't mean every item that shows up has that feature. I should have
paid closer attention to the actual specs and not relied on Amazon's filtering.
    Just received the headphones, and totally happy with them. The sound is
awesome and comfort of the buds excellent. Reordering a second pair for a friend
and put up a review on my site. Great job with this product.
    Just received these headphones. Pairing was very easy and the sound quality
is great!  Would recommend to anyone looking to purchase headphones and not
spend a bunch of money.  These are perfect for me!
    These earbuds have been absolutely fantastic. I spend a huge amount of time
on the phone. Everyone I've talked to has told me that my voice sounds crystal
clear. The sound quality for music, videos, and phone calls have been excellent.
They sync seamlessly with my phone and laptop simultaneously, all the time. The
battery life seems to be ridiculously long. I'm on them all day, non stop, and
the battery doesn't die. For $30, I don't really know what else you would ask
for in earbuds.
    Uno de mis audífonos favoritos, he comprado 3 veces estos audífonos,
impecables. Prefiero estos que la versión pro, aunque también son buenos
    These are larger on the outside than expected but the magnet is handy, they
fit my small ears and the battery is the most impressive in terms of life.
    Have been using the Boltune Bluetooth Headphones for about two weeks now and
it has been a great experience. The first thing to strike me was that the
earpieces are slightly heavier than I expected them to be which suggests great
build quality. The sound quality is as good as any premium headphones. However
there is a slight background noise when audio is not playing, which I have found
out is a concern for all Bluetooth headphones. The background noise goes away
when audio is played.Overall, has been a great buy!
    These are quality headphones. The battery lasts. Recharging is easy. The
mesh bag is handy. The magnetic bud storage is great. The phone use interface is
good. The fit is good out of the box. Using them with a bike helmet isn't a
problem. I like them!
    These bluetooth headphones have good sound quality. They are well made and
durable. They stay in my ears without hurting them which a lot of headphones
seem to do. These are waterproof so I can run in the rain.
    These are every bit as good as some of the very expensive name brand
headphones of a similar style! I love them and use them ever my day at work to
listen to music, audiobooks, and podcasts. I’m planning to buy a pair for others
in my life who I think would appreciate them.
    These have good sound quality, and cancel noise very well I think.The
battery life on these lasted my all day and then I’d charge them at night.Great
Bluetooth headphones for the price!
    These Phones ( head ) , Are Great !!! Lightweight , different ear pieces for
smaller ears ! Sound was AWESOME !! I WILL RECEMEND TO ALL !! SERIOUSLY
    Incredibly comfortable headphones. They have deep bass, good treble, a
natural midrange. Headphones fit easily into your ears. Ears do not hurt from
prolonged listening to music. Treble does not cut the ear. The wire is strong,
reliable. The headphones themselves are really waterproof, I specifically made a
test. After the test, they work like new. Smooth volume control, excellent
integration with your smartphone. Put it on, turn on your smartphone, turn on
your music and enjoy. Thank you.
    Great headphones, mines lasted for a whole 12hrs , charging it after its
dead took about 1 1/2 to 2hrs to charge. The sound is great(certains songs I
turned the volume down because it can be very loud when at its highest volume)
and the noise cancellation is great as well. The only issue I have are the
rubber hooks that goes on your ear to keep it place, it didnt feel good against
my ears but that's just me but I do reccomend them.
    These are great earbuds for the money.  The sound quality is good, they
cancel out noise well and have an excellent battery life. I would have rated
them a 5 except that I bought them to listen to music in bed. As I am a side
sleeper, the magnets that would hold them together if I were active, are too
large to sleep on comfortably.
    I use these for the gym and they work really well. I haven’t tried them for
phone calls yet but the audio for music is quite nice. They’re not clunky and
the magnetic feature is really handy!
    My ear didn't feel too tired or uncomfortable after I wearing for hours. The
price is twenty something, I didn't expect it can totally cancel all noise. I
think the sound quality is worth the money.
    These are hands-down, the BEST earbuds I’ve purchased at any price! I rarely
write reviews, but I can’t believe the battery life and sound quality of these.
I use at work and the gym, and have replaced many more expensive sets. I
actually don’t  mind paying more for quality, but was tired of spending
increasingly more for so-so sound and awful battery life. So I purchased these
just because of the reviews. I was skeptical, but am 100% thrilled with my
purchase.
    The only dislike I have is how easily I lose these headphones. This is my
third pair in the past two years but that is only because im clumsy. Other than
that I really enjoy these headphones in more ways than one. The sound quality is
up to par with someone like me who is an audio snob and doesn't settle for
anything less than amazing.
    I have very simple review. I've bought many bluetooth headphones but these
are the best in terms of sound, noise cancelling and battery life. I'm going on
teo days without recharging. Boltune headphones worth every penny. Incredible
performance and quality for your money. Thanks Boltunr and Amazon.
    Connect really fast, good battery life, respond great.I had some question
about the item and the seller was very, nice, responsive and help me with it.V
    Here's what I have liked/like - fast shipping, packaging, sound, convenience
(magnet), adjustable ear pieces, easy Bluetooth connecting, and price!!!Here's
what I haven't liked/like - extends out of ear enough such that it doesn't work
with beanies or my ski helmet.Overall, I am  pleased with the purchase and look
forward to using these regularly in the future.
    I have owned the earbuds for about 2 months now and I have to say they are
really great for the money.  They last all day long at my 12 hr job and are
really comfortable.  I wish the cord was maybe 1”-2” longer but it’s a very
minor gripe. Well worth the money!
    Great wireless headphones. The bluetooth connection is excellent, I did not
find any defects in the quality of the connection. The parcel was delivered as
soon as possible; during unpacking, no defects were also detected. Headphones
fit securely into my ears, I can be sure that they will not fall out of my ears.
Good ear pads. My ears do not sweat in these headphones. The sound quality is
excellent, incredibly happy with the purchase. The wire is reliable, all buttons
work.
    Great ear buds. super comfortable, great battery life. i love the magnetic
feature to keep them around my neck! The noise cancellation was perfect for me.
Dulled the noise but didn't completely cancel. Unfortunately they stopped worked
but thanks to the great customer service I got these returned and a new set
ordered and on the way! Can't wait to get them and get listening again!
    These headphones work great. I am able to use these headphone with zoom and
teams meetings and online gaming and the sound quality is great. No issues with
people hearing me on the other end either.
    These headphones automatically connect to my phone as soon as I turn on the
bluethooth on them and the phone. In the past I had other headphones that I had
trouble connecting them. Sound quality is good, I’ve gone running in the rain
with them obviously it wasn’t pouring outside, but it was raining a little bit
and they worked perfectly. They last a long time without charging. I’m very
pleased with these headphones. Quality at a low price.
    Nice bluetooth. I don't have trouble with the connection and people can hear
me clearly. Battery life is great. My only complaint are the stupid blinking
lights. When you use them in a dark room it's a bit irritating, but I've had a
hard time finding a pair that doesn't do that.
    I work as a bus driver. I am forbidden to include music in the entire
salon.But I really love music. Especially at work, because without it's boring.I
decided to buy these headphones. They are worth the money.They have good sound
quality and noise absorption.But most of all I liked the fact that they did not
last long. This is really cool. Especially in my profession.Thanks seller!
    Had concerns because they were so cheap, but are great. Like any small
electronics, handle with care & they’ll last. Had mine for over a year now.
    I am 100% satisfied with my purchase of these headphones. I was pleasantly
surprised when I tried them out and listened to my music with them for the 1st
time. I am a very active person and go through gym headphones quite often, and
the best headphones i have ever owned. Great bass, great sound quality , very
comfortable and i love the magnets and the nice bag it comes with. Everything is
high quality and at this price i am very impressed. AWESOME, a must have.
    great products. I go to the gym a lot, five to six times a week, and I've
needed some thing to listen to music while I workout. this has worked great for
me, and I highly recommend it
    These headphones are light weight, comfortable and the battery life is very
good. They are a good product at a most reasonable price
    They worked okay for the first few weeks, but then I started noticing
something that sounded like static--even after I turned the earbuds off.  Turns
out, it was a short.  I got used to turning the earbuds back on after every 5
minutes or so when they would short out, but they stopped charging (probably a
good thing), and I'm left with a magnetic necklace.  Avoid this purchase.
    They work great and sound great. I tried AirPod style ones and they sucked-
two different brands with the same issues. Not these.
    I wasn't expecting much for $20 headphones. I had the apple airpods but I
leave them at an airplane so I decided to buy a cheaper headphones but with
similar sound quality. When I get the boltune and I tried them, the sound was
amazing, I could go everywhere in my 2 floor house and they continue working
with the same sound quality! I am veery very happy with my new boltune. I will
buy some of them to my wife :D
    Bought these as back up headphones for long sweaty walks with the dog.  They
have come in very handy for those walks.  great quality sound  and fit in my
ears great.  I would recommend them highly.
    I've really been enjoying this style of Bluetooth headphones but all the
other ones I've gotten have ended up going dead in one of the ears. So far, this
model has been working great and when playing music i don't hear things around
me. Also, the battery life seems longer than the other set I have (although that
might be just because they are new). We'll see how the durability of these ones
are but so far the sound quality and comfort is great!
    Great ear phones. Connects quickly and battery life is good. I love that
these are magnetic so we don't loose it. Good for the wife and the husband. This
is a keeper for us.
    Bought these Feb 2020, and just like everything else this year they’ve gone
to crap. Won’t charge or anything. Looking for a different brand.
    I had tried a $10 wireless headset that was a POS... upgraded to this for a
few dollars more and couldn't be more happy.  Sound quality and volume control
is very good.  It's also working very well for voice calls.  Sound quality on
both ends is clear and strong.  I can recommend them without reservation.
    I've only been using the bluetooth headphones for a couple days. So far, so
good!I like that the playtime is relatively long, the earbuds are magnetic (so I
won't lose them easily), and stay put in my ears. I'm only 5 ft tall, so my ears
are pretty small. I wondered if they'd be a bit too big, but they fit me well!
Didn't test out how waterproof it is, but the coating seems like it'll do well
against rain and sweat.
    Ive only had these a couple weeks but I love that the battery life is 16
hours as opposed to only 6 or 8 hours w other bluetooth earphones. And thr very
comfortable in my ears.
    To be honest I read all the great reviews but was still skeptical, until now
I was using wired earbuds. My new phone had no earbud jack, so i pulled the
trigger on this one. I cannot say enough good things about these, great sound,
battery lasts me a week, and no connectivity issues. Buy these you will be glad
you did.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Got these for my dad for
work and he said he loves them!! They work great and he can just put them around
his neck when he is not using them!!
    These have surprisingly good bass. It's been difficult for me to find
headphones that aren't beats, jvc, or sony that have awesome bass. Disclaimer: I
like so much bass that my ear drums vibrate. These don't quite have that much
bass, but they're perfect for when I workout.
    These have an awesome reach.  My kid practices lacrosse out back while her
phone is inside.  They come through fabulous!  The batter life is pretty good as
well.  It lasted about a week without a charge!  Definitely a good buy!
    I did not rate a 5 as they tend to fall out of my ears when I am moving
around  a lot, perhaps its the shape of my ears, I agree, but the magnets that I
assume are for speakers and so they stick together?  If I could do a 4.5 stars,
I would,  I will guess the magnets are part to blame, as the weight is hanging
out in the air. I could care less about stick together if they  stayed in
better, as I think they would (again, in MY ears)
    Headphones: I use these headphones primarily for running and for answering
phone calls during driving. I really like these headphones. The bass is great.
They fit snugly in my ears, as well.Customer service: The headphones stopped
charging within 6 months. I called customer service and they were very prompt
with their action. After verifying that the headphones were indeed not charging
they sent me a replacement in two days. Very satisfied. Thanks!
    Great headphones easy to set up and start using within in minutes of opening
the box! Various earpiece sizes included and helped fit in ear perfectly.
    2nd Eval-Customer service did a great job at satisfying my concerns on the
product reviewed1st Eval- Not great sound (as previous versions) , the battery
is horrible as well
    These headphones were recommended by a friend and I'm so glad I purchased
them. I am a runner and in-ear headphones work best for me, and these feel very
secure, especially when very sweaty. I like the additional earbud attachments as
I sometimes find myself having to use 2 different sizes on each ear. The battery
life has been great, and I really like the multifunction of the control buttons.
Would definitely recommend these to friends and family!
    Muy bonito diseño...el coloe gris me encanto. La bateria muy larga duración.
Nuena calidad q se siente y escucha. Por el precio..buenisimos.. mejor q los
anker soundcore q tenia antes. Recomendadisimos. 👍
    I LOVED these headphones initially. However, in less than a year they
stopped working. I have been in contact with boltune for the last 2 months and
they continually promise to send me a replacement pair and then never do. They
have claimed to send 4 pairs and I have received zero. Really disappointed
because I loved these headphones and would buy a new pair, but I'm worried
they'll break again and then I will be out again. Even looking at other pairs,
none of them seem to be as good for my preferences, but I'm disappointed about
how these worked out.
    These arrived quickly and well packaged. The box also included an assortment
of earpieces in various sizes, the charging cable and a mesh pouch for storage.
The headphones paired to my phone easily and the sound quality is quite good. I
would not say they are totally noise cancelling, but they do cut down on a lot
of background noise. The earpieces are comfortable and stayed in my ears even
while running. Love the magnet clasp for keeping these secure around my neck
when not in use.
    I am in love with the earpiece. Within the past 6 months, I've purchased 3
different expensive earpieces which came with good online reviews but were a
total disappointment.This earpiece has worked beyond my expectations and it's
the least expensive of all the ones I've bought.To sum it up, buy it and you'll
never regret it.
    These charge with a micro USB charger, and this is my second pair. The first
pair worked great and charged with ANY micro USB, the second only charges with
the short included charger, not a total disaster, but disappointing.Wouldn't
mind a replacement to see if the third set charges more like the
first.Outstanding Customer Service! They fixed it up right, I really appreciate
it!
    Every now and then, the microphone doesn't pick up what I said. This is my
second pair, and quite honestly, the first pair worked better. These have to be
paired every time I turn them on. It's quite annoying. Doesn't that defeat the
purpose of pairing them? This is the second time I'm leaving this feedback, and
quite frankly the star rating is going to drop.
    The package arrived in fine condition. I was able to open the box and start
listening immediately. Their use is intuitive enough to be able figure things
out without reading any instructions.  The initial charge lasted at least an
hour.  The sound quality is pretty good and considering what I use them for it's
more than good enough.  I mainly use them for podcasts and listening to music at
the gym.  Some outside noise bleeds in, but not enough to ruin the listening
experience.
    This is my second blue tooth earphone from boltune. Used the previous one
for more than 2 years and was happy with it. Sound quality is great, battery
life is also great. I like the magnets on each buds which help me not lose the
earphones  when not in use. Had to give it 4 stars due to noise cancellation. I
personally do not do not care for that feature anyway.Excellent product
    I like that these fit comfortably under my safety ear muffs. I had been
looking for some small wireless earbuds that did not stick out of my ear and
these were perfect. They have a long battery life. So far so good.
    I ordered these to replace a different brand of Bluetooth headphones that
finally failed after a few years. These are better in every respect - good sound
quality, long battery life, easy to operate, quick pairing. The included
earpieces keep them in place when running, working out, or doing yard work. A
little heavy, but they seem sturdy.  Satisfied with my purchase.
    These earbuds survived a full cycle in the laundry machine. ABSOLUTE GOLD.
They fit better than any Jaybirds, Beats or AirPods I have tried, and have the
longest lifetime -- far more than enough to last one or even two days of full-
day use. They seal out outside noise well enough that with some music playing, I
can pretty well block out even nearby conversations. There is no better option
-- not to mention the price is spectacular. Thank you for these.
    I have gone through a ton of headphones over the years, and these headphones
really stick out. Other than providing good quality sound -- the two main
benefits of these headphones are: (1) the magnet is strong enough to keep them
steady around your neck when you are not using them (this seems of small
importance, but is really quite nice to have); (2) it actually stays in your
ears when you run. Overall, for the price, they deserve 5 stars!
    I have been using these earbuds for a few days and so far so good! The sound
quality exceeds expectation and there’s adequate bass. It comes with several
plastic ear tips for sizing and they fit snugly in my ears. The 16-hour battery
life is a huge plus for those who commute or travel a lot. Also, they are
waterproof which means no problem with sweaty workouts. Overall, this pair of
earbuds is a great buy and I would recommend it to anyone!
    These headphones are great!  I bought a pair about a month ago and they
suddenly stopped working so I returned them. But I was so pleased with the sound
quality, noise cancellation, and design that I went ahead and bought them again,
hoping the first ones failing was just a fluke. So far so good! And one thing I
love about the design is how they fit inside your ear and not behind the ear.
This makes it easy on the days I have to run while wearing my sunglasses.
    I would use these more but every single time I use them I have to have my
phone "forget" them and then re find them. Even if I only switch away for a
moment.  It's actually really annoying. I've never had this problem with my
other bluetooth headphones.
    Good quality heaphones, battery lasts plenty long for my needs and charges
quickly. Sound quality is very nice and clear. They come with a little carrying
pouch and replacement ear plugs.
    Totally zones me out.  I Bought on a whim.  Every piece is high after my
local Wal-Mart was sold out of headphones.  Way better than those clunky ones
Apple makes.
    So far, this headset has held up quite well. I use it throughout the day for
a few days in a row, then charge. Not sure how low it actually gets, but it
seems to keep a pretty decent charge. I like how it pairs and connects so
quickly to my devices, and comes with a very handy carry case.
    These sound good, stay put, have a nice charge length, and have a pretty
good range. Best though is how clearly the mic picks up when I'm talking on
them.
    I think the sound quality and the noise cancellation of these headphones
were great. They didn't last long though. Fortunately, Boltune gave me another
one; so they get a bonus star from me for customer service
    They sound great! Very crisp highs, lows and midrange.  Calls are loud and
clear.  Pairing is easy and automatic. Real bang for the buck.  These are my new
everyday ear buds. Only thing I don't love about this product is that the wire
is thicker and consequently less flexible then I'm used to.  For me it's not a
deal killer so I plan on keeping them.
    I bought these because I kept breaking the over-the-ear headphones. These
sound just as good and are so much more compact. I am ordering another paid for
the wife.
    Battery life on these is not exaggerated, about 16hrs listening time. This
is the second pair purchased. First pair was black and still in working great
condition. Purchased a grey pair for my wife. They bring earbuds in S/M/L and a
12-30month warranty which really isn’t even necessary. Headphones comes with a
pouch for storage and a mini usb cable for charging. The buds are magnetic,
which makes it easy to leave hanging around your neck.
    This have great sound quality and a great mic. I use them on my phone and
computer. I would have given them a 5 start rating, but I need to unpair and re-
pair them to my computer each time I use them (which could be my computer's
fault because they work fine on my phone) and they don't fit my wife's ears -
even with the different sized ear pads (or we would have definitely gotten a
second pair of these!).
    It is great to be untethered from my phone while walking for music and phone
calls.  Easy to pair my phone with the Bluetooth headsets and no more problems
with the phones 3.5mm jack.  The soft rubber whisker really works well to catch
your ear and hold this headset with microphone in place.  The microphone does
not have a mute button apparently.  I have only been using the headsets for a
few months with no problems.
    I honestly didn't know what to expect when I bought these.  I am a bit of an
audiophile, I use Audio-Technica headphones for every day use, but I wanted
something portable and lightweight that I could wear when I'm out, or in bed to
cancel out noises.  I made the leap, and I'm glad I did.  Great sound, decent
noise cancellation, and great battery life.
    Received my Boltune  headphones about 2 weeks ago and they impress me with
something new almost everyday. The bass quality is A-1 and I’m hearing new and
improved sounds in old songs that I’ve listened to for years! It’s crazy! And
the battery life is mad long. At fully charged I was linked up to my phone from
7:00am - 6pm at work. I had no problems with the quality.The only thing that I
could hope for is a longer range four connectivity. But it’s all good.
    Used it as Yankee swap, everybody loves it!!! When it was unwrapped, I can
see it has really nice packaging. It also came with a small storage (soft) bag
for storage to easily carry.
    I'm and audiophile and these headphones sound great, especially for the
price. So clean sounding. I also like that they're magnetic and therefore easily
to store around your neck when not in use. And the level of bass is just
sufficient enough and does not sound distorted, even at the max volume level.
Don't expect super heavy bass if that's what you're looking for.
    I ordered these for my walk/run and I am very pleased! I have small ears and
AirPods fall out all the time so I needed something that stays in during
workouts - these definitely fit!! There are different covers and ear hooks that
are so soft you don’t even know they are in your ear! Sound quality is spot on
and the range for my iPhone XR is pretty good. I would definitely recommend !!
    Bought Nov 2019. I will update this review in a couple of months, but for
now, battery life is better than advertised and sound quality is great.
    Sound quality is top notch especially for the low dollar and battery life is
anywhere from 6 to 8 hours on high volume
    These never worked out of the box - I bought them to use on this Fourth of
July road trip and now I have to put up with talking to people lol. A shame.
They’ll charge and the red light comes on, but then I un plug them and try to
turn them on and literally nothing happens. Maybe I got a faulty unit?
    I needed a set of earphones that would last me throughout a long days work
and then the gym, these earphones did the job. The sound quality is great for
music and phone calls. They also fit well in your ears. My biggest problem with
these earphones are the multi-purpose buttons, the FF/RW also are your Volume
up/Dn. I didn't like this feature.
    This review is for my replacement headphones.  The original headphones I
ordered had a crackling sound in one ear after about a week, but I requested a
replacement and had no problems getting a replacement pair.  I have had no
problems with these.I also enjoy that they are magnetic, so they stay around
your neck securely when not in use.
    These are great! I have had to use them as I continue to work from home and
they have  good sound and most importantly to me, noise cancellation.
    Work amazing. But be ready to buy a new one within 3 months. After buy my
second one.  I'm done with this brand.
    I bought this around 3-4 months ago. The sound quality was moderate, but
many people told me it's hard for them to hear my voice clearly when talking on
the phone. A few days ago, it suddenly started to generate a weird noise without
any reason! Yesterday, it stopped working and getting charged. It's practically
useless! I've used it only at home for at most a few hours per week during the
past 3-4 months! Also, it seems that it's not possible to return this item (at
least for me).
    I purchased these back in March 2020 after trying out a pair of Bose
SoundSport headphones. These are better than the Bose (which cost a LOT more $)
across the board. The battery life is about 3x as long, they don't hurt my ears
or fall out easily and the sound quality is great. Would definitely buy these
again and recommend to my friends.
    I bought these for mowing my yard. I like the connected cord so that in case
one pops out, I don't lose it. But I shook my head, and they stayed put! Pairing
is easy, the earbuds are comfortable (better for me than that fruit's earbud
products), and I just love the magnet at the end of each bud so they connect
around your neck. Very happy so far!I have not tested battery life yet.
    It took a day to get used to it but it works very good and has good quality
sound, I didn’t give a 5 stars because I personally don’t like that I have to
feel around for the canceling call button.  Over all It’s a good product, I
recommend it.
    Battery life is almost double from my old ones. Ear pieces stay put and I
have weird ears that don't usually hold this type well. Sound quality is decent
for the price.
    I bought these to take on the airplane instead of my big headphones.  They
are light and compact.  I wasn't expecting much in the sound quality area, but
was I wrong.  Not only are they easy to use, they sound wonderful as well.  My
flight was over 8 hours and they were comfortable to wear and the battery life
is great,  I would recommend these to anyone.
    They were amazing.  Did start to hurt the ears after longer usage.  But good
quality and sound.  Would buy again.
    These worked great, especially for the cost.  Have used for about a week now
and have been very happy.  Still getting used to not being connected to my phone
    I bought my first pair a couple of months ago and I had to re-order as a
gift for my mom.The headphones work great! So far, no damage and the battery
lasts forever. I use them every day for work and driving. The only little
problem is that sometimes the person on the other side of the phone can't hear
me very well so I have to speak louder. Aside from that, these are perfect and
for the price, couldn't ask for better!
    I love these head phones they are the best👍💯 sound 🔊quality amazing stays
put in your 👂ears perfectly buy u won't be disappointed
    Much love for these. Easy to use, great battery, great sound! So good and
inexpensive I bought a spare set!
    I have a boltune Bluetooth over-the-ear set of headphones that I use for
recording and I wasn't disappointed in the quality. When I saw the earbuds here
on sale, I took a chance and I was astounded again!The sound quality, battery
life, and simplicity of the design along with all the little extras made this a
great product for any casual audiophile to invest in!
    I have been using apple and Dr. Dre beats headphones for many years. They
constantly broke and the battery never lasted as long as I wanted. These
headphones are the best ones for the price. I have been using one for over 18
months and just bought another one to keep in my car as well. Battery life is
amazing. Why cary a case to charge your headphones when you can get 16 hours of
battery!
    Purchased for gym use and work. Really like the sound quality, the ability
of how it blocks out noise around me AND THEY ARE COMFORTABLE!!! Very happy with
these headphones!!
    Great value. Good sound quality, don't expect too much on passive noise
cancellation (normally will cost you 100+ bucks), GREAT battery life. Very happy
with the purchase.Update to 3 star after some usage: still great battery life
but the main issue is that it comes loose when you run due to the dangling
control.
    Great sound and value for under $30!  I use these for both work
teleconference and for workouts at the gym.  I use all day long, plug in at
night and never have a problem with the battery life.  A 20min charge will give
about 2hrs of play time, so easy to plug in to car charger on way to gym and
have enough battery life.  We purchased two of these, my wife uses the other
pair and has similar positive experience.
    Bought a paid to use to run/workout.  Was working fine then one day wouldn't
turn on.  I returned it and repurchased the headphones.  Same thing.  After 4
uses they will not turn on.
    I use earbuds a lot.  I wear them almost all day at work, listening to
podcasts and music.  These are OK - I purchased these when my other pairs came
up missing.  The charge time is great, sound is good. Fits in the ear fine.  My
only issue with these is they are not as nice a fit as my other favorite brand,
and I have to manually connect then almost every time. Not a huge deal, to be
sure, but I just don't like them as much.
    Love this. It has great sound quality and my exercise routines got much more
fun now. Also no more tickets for talking on the phone while driving.
    I’m giving it 4 stars only because when I’m using the mic, callers say they
can’t hear me too well, however they come through very clear. The noise
cancelling and battery life is phenomenal!
    This little things are great. I can set my phone down to charge, pop this
in, and walk all the way around my house without losing the Bluetooth
connection. Pretty comfortable to wear. I'm no audiophile but they sound pretty
good to me.
    I fell in love with these headphones! Usually, I avoid using earplugs
because they are not suitable for my small ear canal and the sound is confusing.
These have smaller earbuds that can be easily replaced. The sound quality is
very clear. Now, I don't need to carry a mobile phone at home to chat and listen
to music on the phone!
    I've bout three pairs of these. I'm really rough with them as I wear them at
work and get them snagged but only destroyed one pair. My fault. These are
awesome! First the battery life is twice as long as others I have bought at even
higher price ranges. Second the sound quality is great. I tweak my EQ on my
phone to my liking and these are great! Wish they were a little more compact but
then sound quality would probably be compromised. Either way, no problem falling
out at work or the gym!
    Wish battery life stated was longer but I am still on first charge so not
bad. After using more I may update this.  I can only have 1 side in at work so
turning stereo sound off option would be nice, but using all afternoon while
weeding flowerbeds they were great!  I listen to slot of accapella and
instrumental music and sound is nice.  Update!  Battery played almost continuous
12 hours, off 24, then played another 5-6 before low battery warning.
    I love the look and sleek design of these headphones.  The sound quality is
especially good. The bass sound is very clean and rich for earbuds. I love the
magnetic feature on each individual earbud so you can easily wear the around
your neck when not in use. They come with a charging cable and cute carrying
case too.
    Very happy with my purchase. They arrived quickly, were packaged well, and
the sound is great. I think I will buy more.
    I love these headphones! The price is amazing for the product I'm receiving
and they last a really long time. The sound is great. Most Bluetooth headphones
I've purchased don't last more than two months but its been nearly 5 months and
its still going strong.
    These were relatively inexpensive ear buds / microphone, but they performed
well in all areas I expected them to. The battery life is more than adequate,
the ear buds are comfortable to wear and seat well in my ears, the microphone
picks up my voice well.  The sound quality is fine, the controls are intuitive.
The Bluetooth connection was solid even when my phone was in my pocket.  That
makes these my go-to for a walk and phone conversation!
    This is my second pair because I wanted one for my home and one for going
out. I love them and recommend them to my friends and family.
    These earbuds are great for working out.  I've tried running wind sprints
and jumping rope with no issues.  They stay put.  I personally like the earbuds
connected like this; for me they're much easier to keep track of. Just keep them
around your neck under your jacket or shirt, then pop them out when you need
them.  No charging case to lug around
    Absolutely the best Bluetooth headphones I have purchased.  Sound is great
for music and calls.  I love the magnet which helps keep them around my neck.
    Really like these so far - have used them for about 4 weeks. 4 stars instead
of 5 because the cord is a little short for my rather thick neck when the
earbuds are not in my ears.Update April 2020: The earbuds stopped charging (3
different charging cords were tried). The company was very responsive and sent
me a replacement set in just a couple days. Excellent customer service!
    Needed Bluetooth headphones that could last all day and wasn't priced crazy!
These last all day long and more! Nice sound quality. The phone microphone works
well. Magnets help to ensure they don't fall off when I work. Comfortable for
all day wear. Love these ! Have tried a handful of Bluetooth headphones and by
far these have been what I need for a fair price :)
    Purchased these based on reviews and price. I did not expect the sound to be
so clear.  I listen to violin music. It is heaven. These are perfect for my
workouts and conference calls.
    I have a magnetic earbud from the other brand and needed another one to use
in my car. I found them very convenient where I can have it around my neck when
not using. Plus its tangle free. Battery life for this headphone is pretty good
too. Since I use the headphones very frequently, I always need to charge them.
This one have the longer battery life then my other headphone. Pretty much what
I expected from bluetooth headphones and I'm happy with this purchase.
    I got these headphones on a recommendation from a friend about a month ago
and I am so glad I did! I use them daily for work calls, audio books, music. I’m
told that my voice quality is a bit tinny, but books and music are great.
Battery life was my biggest factor and I only charge them when I remember to,
maybe every other day, and they have never died on me. I highly recommend these
headphones.
    Surprisingly good quality earbuds with such a good price. The sound is
crystal clear. The base is strong. Fit in ears comfortably.  Extended long hours
playing is excellent. I bought two other Bluetooth wireless earbuds prior. But
this one is the best. Satisfy with the purchase.
    These Bluetooth headphones are awesome! The quality and functionality of
these headphones are really good! They also sound amazing! Great Value would buy
again. Overall, I am very happy with this purchase and am using them as I write
this review.
    These are phenomenal. I don’t know why they are as affordable as they are,
but seize upon them! Would absolutely recommend to anyone who’s interested.
    I’ve had them for a weekend and so far, so good.  Will update my review
after a couple more uses.
    I really do love these headphones, I was always sceptical about switching
from traditional wired headphones to Bluetooth, but after getting these, I'm
never going back unless I must. The battery is very good and charges quickly.
The sound quality is excellent, I listen to books, watch movies, television and
listen to music.
    Good quality. Comfortable in my ears. Very convenient. My only complaint is
they stick out of my ears so I can’t wear them laying down on my side. Other
than that, great product. I highly recommend them.
    I can workout without the buds falling out of my ears. Jumping rope and
running were a breeze. There are different sizes for the buds which is helpful
since my canals are smaller. I did garden work without the fear of cutting the
wire like my wired earbuds.The sound quality is better than I expected, although
perhaps technically the sound is just very slightly thin, but altogether these
sound pretty good.
    I just received these headphones and have been testing them out with a
variety of music. The first two things I noticed is the clarity in vocals and a
surprising amount of bass. They feel comfortable but are noticeable after an
extended period of time. They don't fall out when running or doing activities.
So far I'm excited about this purchase.
    I mainly bought these for when I mow the lawn. The sound quality is really
rich. I like that three sizes of earbuds are included. The ear portion is very
soft. Apple earbuds hurt my ears so I was happy to feel these are soft. Thet are
also magnetized so when I take them off I can stick them together to avoid
losing them.
    The sound it’s great, the life battery is excellent. I have a little ears
and my husband love it. The customer service is exceptional.
    My husband wanted an extra pair of bluetooth headphones to keep in his car.
These were a good price. He charges them in his car on the way to work with the
included USB cord. He said they charge pretty quickly and hold the charge for
his whole shift. The he rubber is comfortable and he says he barely feels them
while he wears them. The wrap around design keeps them on his ears while he
works.
    I bought this wireless earbud because of the great price, good reviews,
battery life and short charge time,  I have had it for a week and all is good.
Additionally the sound quality is tops.  I like that it has both earpieces wired
together,  If on falls out of my ear it doesn't fall to the ground.  I like the
feature that the earbuds stay together when stored preventing the cable between
them from tangling,
    These headphones are great!!  I have purchased twice as gifts for others but
now back to finally buy a pair for myself to replace my Bluetooth headphones
because these are so much nicer!
    This has a long battery life and you can wear it around your neck the whole
day because it has magnets on the sides.Don't waste your money on air-pods, get
these.
    The title says it all. Not only are they super comfortable, they clip
together with a magnetic which is cool too. And the overall sound is great for
the price. Very happy and will be buying my girlfriend a pair too.
    My husband got me these to replace my galaxy earbuds which I really did not
like. These are so much nicer and easier to operate.
    I never write reviews but I needed to for this purchase. I have tried
multiple wireless/Bluetooth headphones and have found these to be the best for
the cost. We have purchased 5 of these and our teen/tweens love them too. Great
sound, love that they magnetically connect around your neck when not in use, and
they last all day, sometimes longer.
    These BT Ear Phones are amazing. I have had $100+ dollar BT buds and they
were not as good as these. I’m super surprised!!
    This is probably the 4th or 5th bluetooth headphones I'm trying because I
keep missing the mark! Boy, am I glad I've finally found the solution! It paired
with my iPhone in just seconds, excellent sound quality and it surprisingly cuts
out quite a bit of ambient noise. The extra bass you feel while listening to
music is a surprising plus because I was not even expecting that. Would highly
recommend it!!
    Easy to sync, comfortable, good sound...got it on sale for $22...well worth
it.  Haven’t tried them on an airplane yet, so only 3 stars for noise
cancellation for now.  Not sure how long the little rubber cover for the micro
USB charging port will last for waterproofness.  Ear buds stick out a little
further than other more expensive models but I’m not sleeping on my side with
them, so it doesn’t matter.  Very good product for the price!
    I ordered these after my last $100.Bluetooth headset stopped workingI was
skeptical because of the low price on these but I am very happy with the quality
of sound, fit, and battery life!I have small ears in the standard Apple earbuds
are very uncomfortable but these fit beautifully and stay in amazingly
well.Highly recommend!
    Was a bit skeptical about purchasing a less expensive pair of headphones but
was very surprised!  great for my run, nice sound quality, easy to use, and
didn't fall out of my ears! :D. I'd definitely recommend it.  I haven't tried it
yet for higher intensity workouts ie cutting, HIIT, or sports yet hence the 4/5
review but it's fantastic and totally worth it!  on par with my Bose headphones
which were 2-3x more expensive.
    These bluetooth headphones are of great quality!  They are magnetic to keep
them together; they arrived in a very timely manner and they are packaged well
as to prevent damage in shipping.  The charger and the ear pads are packaged
separately with an instruction booklet.  I will definitely buy these again and I
may even buy them as a replacement for some I already have!
    Much better than my another wireless headset. I charged it  for awhile when
I got it. Then it played almost 6 days. And the sound is clear. Very happy with
it.
    I LOVE THESE, I HAVE HAD MANY OTHERS THAT STOPPED WORKING AFTER A FEW TIMES
OUT....WANTED TO SEE HOW THEIR DID BEFORE I GAVE REVIEW...BUY THIS SET AND YOU
WILL HEAR ONLY THE MUSIC YOU WANT AND THEIR SOUND GREAT...SO HAPPY WITH MINE.
    Wish the cord was longer. When running you hear an echo and noise
cancellation isn’t the best. They do work and have a nice sound. Battery doesn’t
last long.
    The earbuds are really awesome. The sound is fantastic. I can enjoy the
music fully while wearing the headphones. They fit firmly in my ear and they
never fall out. They are much more lightweight than those headphones I have
used. They are easy to pair and charge fast. The battery life is long.
    Pretty nice. We have two phones (Huawei and LG), - it didn't work with
Huawei, but that might be the phone problem (since Huawei uses its own
modification of the Android OS), not the Boltune problem. Works perfectly well
with the LG phone. Sound quality is pretty good.
    Loved the magnets on the earbuds. Needs a clip to clip onto clothes to
prevent loss or damage if dropped. Would make it easy to retrieve when one drops
out
    Headphones are loud, with good sound quality across it, lengthy battery
life, comfortable fit. If you forget to charge them, charging them for 5-10 mins
is enough to use them for a good workout. They are stable and not falling off my
ear. Slightly bulky, but not cumbersome or annoyingly so. Overall, very happy
with the product and its quality, would buy them again for sure.
    This headphone has a great sound, cancels out the rest of the world and even
has some base to it. I like it more than individual earpieces because you cant
lose them and it just hangs around your neck when your not using them.
    Got these for an Xmas gift.  My Mom had bought these first and  recommended
these headphones. Work great.  Great sound.  Come with different sized ear
pieces, which is great.  Can keep volume lower b/c outside noise is greatly
reduced.
    I like this product mainly because 1. Resonably good sound quality at this
price range. 2.compare to ear buds, you never lost one of side of it. 3.
Securely tighten to my ear and comfortable. You can use it during the
exercise.This is the second time to purchase. No hassle to connect through
bluetooth of your phone.
    The magnetic connection seems gimmicky at first but comes in handy when
carrying this around my neck. The sound quality is good for the price,  and
passive noise cancellation is excellent. The line connecting the buds is a bit
more grippy than I'd like, as it catches on a piece of clothing or skin when I
turn my head, resulting in ome of the ear buds being pulled out of my ear. The
build quality otherwise is great.
    I bought this headphones for running. It's easy to use and it's comfortable
and stable when running. It arrived with a small bag for packaging. It also has
some backup parts. It's easy to take when I'm going out for running or other
things.
    These headphones work well for the price. Good noise cancellation and
overall sound quality. Reason for 4 out of 5 is that I had issues with bluetooth
connection during zoom calls and didn't find them comfortable, but I am picky
when it comes to headphones. Overall, good for the price.
    These are great headphones if you just want a decent set to use at the gym.
Sound quality is good for me. I replaced the tips with some Comply Foam earbud
tips and they're perfect. I'd highly recommend them if you're looking for
something cheap to use at the gym that will last you multiple sessions before
recharging.
    These are great.  Especially for the price.  The only reason I didn’t give
them 5 stars is because I didn’t realize there isn’t a microphone.
    So far I'm very pleased , these paired quickly and I'm excited that I found
a new pair that has magnets
    I just received these headphones and I have to say they surpassed my
expectations. I Iiked the fit they were comfortable yet not to tight.  Sound
quality was excellent as well as th battery life.  I'm very pleased with this
product as well as getting the 30 month warranty.
    No problem hooking them up to both my phone and laptop. Was really impressed
when I got a phone call while I was listening to IHeart Radio on the laptop also
through the headphones. It automatically cancelled the laptop and let me answer
the phone. Just like I thought it would!I would recommend these to a friend and
would also buy again
    I bought a pair for my GF for her birthday and she loved them and had me try
them out. I must admit that I was not expecting the sound to be amazing and very
clear. I really suggest picking these up!!
    I needed a Bluetooth headset and chose this one. It was the right choice.
They fit well in my ears. The sound quality is excellent. Great price. One of my
best purchases so far this year.
    Nice product light and comfortable. Sound is good a little tinny when turned
up loud but over all good highs and lows bass is nice it washes out a bit
depending on the song over all I’m happy with this product and at a good price
    I am very pleased with these headphones so far. Great sound quality and
battery life is impressive. I’m still trying to decide if they are the perfect
fit for my ears or not, but that is nothing against the headphones themselves...
I just have small ears. They still seem to stay in pretty well with activity and
are comfortable. Overall, very pleased.
    I bought these headphone a couple weeks ago to have a cheap pair of
headphones while i mowed the lawn.They are comfortable and I had been wearing
them around the house when I needed to join a business meeting. They paired
easily to my laptop and within the minute I connected to my meeting. The mic
works great and the speaker quality is great too. These have been my business
head phones ever since. Great buy!
    I like this bluetooth so far, because the quality is not bad for the price.
It very clear and loud. Easy to control and function using the play and volume
button.
    These are amazing headphones, especially for the price. I was not expecting
the sound quality on these headphones, they compare to 100 dollar headphones
that I have used before. The magnets are good quality, you can easily go from
both ears listening to one ear without having a dangling earbud. They are
convenient for exercise without worrying about sweat damage or having to fix
them falling off.
    These are great for the price, they sound just as good as my Bose headphones
and do a great job of insulating noise. I highly recommend them.
    Very well built, the quality of sound honestly surprised me, and the sound
cancelation is very good. I give this 5 stars for its versatility. If your
looking for a great product with great sound and don't want to spend an arm and
a leg I highly recommend this product!
    These earbuds have are now one of my best earbuds I've ever purchased. I'm
very picky with my sound quality since I do work in a very loud environment
(Airport) and let me to you the noise cancelation on these things are great!
    I would say that I'm listening to some kind of spoken-word media for nearly
half of my waking hours and a little music in addition to that. I wanted
something low-profile that wouldn't pinch my ears or get in the way and these
are pretty good for that. As a small bonus, they're also relatively good at
blocking background noise which makes them a useful accessory even when not
listening to audio.
    I really enjoy these. Really simple to use, sound quality is pretty good
with decent noise cancellation. Battery life way exceeds what I've needed.
Haven't had a chance to test the waterproof-ness of the product but I tend to
shy away from mixing water and electronics regardless of what is said. I do know
my workouts haven't caused any moisture related issues though. Would definitely
recommend.
    The noise cancellation depends on your earbud fittings in which different
sizes are included in the package. I dont like the wiring though but overall I
love the product.
    These are my first set of Bluetooth earbuds. I am very pleased with the
sound they produce for a set under $30.00. They are very comfortable and with
the assortment of ear tips &  ear hooks they should adjust to fit anyone.  I
love the amount of play time they give one a charge. I am happy that I purchased
them.  If I need to purchase another set in the future I will definitely look at
Boltune first.
    Very good sound.Very good battery life.Excellent value! I'd recommend to
anyone!As good as previous ones I've bought costing 3x the amount
    This is s a great headset.  Very comfortable in the ear and great sound
quality.It was easy to connect to my iPhone via bluetooth.  It only took a few
seconds.
    I've been biking for some time now to try to get in shape and would
constantly short out my headphones. I probably ran through a half-dozen before I
finally bought a set of Bluetooth athletic headphones. I have to say, I am very
glad I went with these. They're very comfortable, and the magnetic piece on the
headphones to keep them around your neck when you aren't using them is pretty
cool as well.
    No complaints with saying quality, noise cancellation or better life. I
really like that they join magnetically to make sort of a necklace which keeps
them in place when you’re not using them. The ear piece very comfortable.
    Love these so far! They fit great and I’m really glad they have additional
size earbuds included.  Most of the other Bluetooth earbuds I’ve tried just
don’t  fit right.  I also like that these aren’t the usual, “try to fit over the
ear” phones. Those never work well for me. They fit great in my ear and stay
put.  Totally worth the buy!
    Pleasantly surprised. I work in a lab so having a set of earbuds that
function easily and are easily cleaned with an alcohol swab are a must.The sound
is great. It has simple functions and they fit comfortably in my ears.This
product is better than most wireless earbuds, that I've used, especially for the
price!
    Pros:- Great build quality for the price.- Nice design- Holds in ears with
no fallouts and can run with no discomfort for hours. Great for sports: running,
bicycling etc.- Super battery life.- Strong magnetic pairingCons:- Sound quality
probably is not of top class (I mean >100$ brands), especially the lows could be
better, but for this price I think its way above its peers.
    I bought this gift for my boyfriend for Christmas. It arrived on time. It
came with extra ear piece covers and a nice little travel bag.
    I had earbuds before but this one is the best I've had. Love the magnet to
secure them around the neck.
    I do lots of long-distance running, so I have gone through many different
pairs of workout headphones, and I can safely say that so far, this is one of
the best. The sound quality is great considering the price and them being meant
for working out. The functionality is also superior, it connects instantly to my
phone once turned on, and all the buttons work well and are useful while
running.
    The sound on these headphones are really nice. This product is definitely
worth the price. They fit nice in my ears and the battery actually lasts really
long. A+
    Good headphones for my grandson. I like that it comes with multiple sizes
for ears. Good sound! Long life charge!
    I have been using these for about 3 weeks now and I like everything about it
so far. The sound is crisp and has a good bass. Its exactly how the description
says!What I am most satisfied about is the battery. Full charge it once and it
lasts for at-least 7-8 hours.Overall it was one of the best purchases I have
made so far! Totally worth it!
    Nice product for the price. The volume doesn’t go as high as I would like,
but it’s better than the other ones I purchased.
    So far so good, they fit really nicely with a good secure feeling and good
seal. They fit very well under my motorcycle helmet even though they stick out
just a bit from the ear.
    I have only had them for a couple weeks. They were a gift. I absolutely love
them so far but the real test will be when I’m working out and how well they
last over time. So far so good. Battery life seems to be really long. Thank you.
    Overall quality sound, you could hear clearly and good noise concealer.
Thanks a lot!
    I have bought dozens of Bluetooth headphones of a similar style in this
price range over the years and these are hands down the best that I have found.
The sound is particularly good and is louder and richer than the others I've
tired. Battery is also great - I only have to charge every other day. After
spending a few days using these, I purchased a second backup pair. Highly
recommended!
    Great product! Works with no interruptions. Customer service is very
responsive
    These headphones are wonderful. Normally I have a hard time wearing this
style because they never fit my ear right. With the 6 sizes of tips to choose
from I found a comfortable fit. These have been great for around the home and
exercising.  So worth it.
    Pros:Loud (!)Clear HighsExcellent Bass responseGreat fit in my earsSturdy
build qualitySuperior water and sweat resistanceCons:I want USB-C instead of
Micro USB, everything is moving in this direction.Foam tips would've been
appreciated in the box, since foam gives better isolationReally great purchase,
can't wait to run with these.
    Long lasting battery.  Took a minute to get used to that much material in
the ear.  I love it after 5 days of use all day long.  Perfect for an old tile
setter like me.  Noise cancelation is awesome !  Worth every penny so far .
    I use these headphones daily since I purchase a month ago.  I'm impressed by
the battery life.  They easily connected to my blue-tooth friend devices.  They
have clarity for both voice and music, and work well for phone calls, virtual
meetings.
    The best product!  Great sound.  Stylish design, many additional
accessories.  well, everything is packed in a small but very roomy box
    These are great headphones for the price. I needed something to use on the
go. These stay in my ear whereas many others continually fall out. These stay in
place. Good sound; it’s clear with no static. I’d buy these again!
    Impressive battery life!  I've very pleased with these headphones.  Best
battery life of any I've purchased previously
    I have used MANY different headphones trying to find the best bang for the
buck. I have my headphones in 8+ hours a day listening to music and podcasts at
work.THESE headphones exceeded all my expectations. I can honestly say that
these rival headphones that are triple the price. BEST BANG FOR YOUR BUCK
    These headphones are a little difficult to charge as the cord that comes
with it can be hard to get in the slot for charging. They are good overall and
the quality is good for what was paid. They are easily able to be connected to a
phone. The earbud design is a little weird looking but does not impact being
able to put them in, listening to stuff, or anything like that.
    Great product. Don't buy those expressive nonsense. These are great. As
good, if not better than most of the $100+ similar headphones. Don't think
twice, get it.
    These headphones are comfortable to wear and I’m grateful to have them while
doing so many meetings remotely! They come with differently sized ear pieces and
after finding the right combination for me, they fit well and have been easy to
use. The raised buttons make volume easy to control. Also love how they are
magnetic - it helps them store compactly while not in use.
    Wow!  I’m impressed these are really comfortable and easy to use!  I’m gonna
get my husband and daughter a pair
    Honestly, these are pretty damn good for the price. The sound quality is
surprisingly good, the battery lasts pretty long on a single charge (not sure
exactly how long though, I used it for around 6 hours once and I had only lost
10% battery,) and they fit really well in your ear. Overall, these are probably
some of the best earbuds I've ever purchased, price-wise.
    I love these headphones. The battery last FOREVER even with all day use. I
charge them about every 3-4 days. This is my second pair because my husband
would always steal mine.
    The noise cancellation is RIDICULOUS, in a good way!  Sound quality is
perfection. I love these so much and love using them in the gym.
    Great battery life and decent sound quality. Unfortunately they have a
horrible thudding sound when you take a heavy step so they're not good for
running.
    I was a bit skeptical since I am not a fan of any earphones/earbuds, and
usually only a headphone user. However, I decided to try these out and they are
actually great! There is no pain in the ear after using them at all, and they
fit in my ear right in so quickly and easily! The sound quality is great for the
price. Overall, I would recommend these.
    I use these headphones for walking and jogging.  Good sound.  They stay in
place well.
    I purchased these headphones because I was looking for a reasonably priced
wireless option for travel, running and outdoor exercise. I have found the sound
quality to be pretty good - they are simple to use and suit my needs. I have
small ears so I do find them to be a little large/heavy for my ear and they are
not the most stylish or minimal looking. But the function is there.
    I bought this product for my friend. So far he said he liked it. This is
very easy to use,it’s got manual of several languages (he’s spanish) so it
didn’t take much to figure out. Very simple as it is. Sound quality is good but
he would prefer something with more bass (duh). But honestly for how much you
pay,this is legit. He could use it when at the gym and it stays in place,too.
Thank you!
    I recived iy yesterday It is super excellent quality.  The sound is so clear
very quality , nosie cancellation was amazing  and easy to connect the bluetooth
overall  highly recomended.  Worthy buying it. I am happy customer 👍👍
    So my powerbeats wireless headphones needed a replacement, but I wanted to
spend less money this go-around for some workout headphones. After using these
for two months now daily, they are AWESOME. They cancel out noise, play high
quality sound and also last multiple days! I would recommend these to anyone who
listens to music / podcasts for a few hours a day and / or during workouts!
    These headphones have a very crisp sound. When using for phone conversation
you hear the person very well and they can hear you.
    Worked fine for three months, then stopped charging. But company was quick
to offer a replacement which works well.
    Great for the money. A little in the heavy side. Long battery life .
    I bought and gift this product to my little cousin. It got the same design
as the beats that I got (a lot cheaper too) and my little cousin really loves
it. I was surprised because the sound quality and the noise cancellation is not
bad at all compared to other product in the same price-range.
    Super easy to set up with my iPhone 8. Sound quality is great. Love them!
Price was awesome. Absolutely recommend!
    I bought these in Feb. 2020. Purchased cause of battery life is 16 hrs. They
are not charging. The red light goes off like they are charged. Then the voice
in the Earbuds say's "low battery".
    Love them so far, very good battery life, love that it comes with varying
sized attachments. Neat little carrying bag too that I didn’t expect. Used
TaoTronics previously which I loved but I’m a sweaty dude when I workout and the
taotronics kept breaking. Giving these guys a shot but off the initial first
week I’m into it
    I bought these headphones for ease of working from home so I was not tied to
my computer with a cord. The battery life has been excellent and I have no
complaints about the sound. I would recommend these to anyone looking for a good
quality pair of headphones at an affordable price.
    The sound is great! I am very happy with the quality. It also came with a
lot of extra of those plastic things for the ear bud part. They are a different
shape than ones I normally see so that was an awesome thing to include. The
magnets that stick the ear buds together for storage is nice and strong too.
Over all great quality, especially for the price.
    I charged as soon as I received and I'm thirteen hours into my first use and
just now hitting 50% power left... I have immersed myself in some high bass
music all day and have completely forgot about the world around me! You will not
regret this purchase. Three bud and hook sizes included so you will find a
comfortable fit. BASS :)
    This is an excellent earbud for running. I have tried several others witless
Bluetooth without cord, and once you sweat a few times they stop working. This
one has passed the sweat test! It is also very comfortable and I don’t notice
I’m wearing it. The earbud is very soft and non-irritating. Thank you.
    The left earbud did not work out of the box. After several rounds of back
and forth with the customer service they expected to me provide my own box to
post the broken earbuds before they'd replace them. Complete waste of time for a
cheap pair of Chinese earbuds.
    These headphones are very comfortable and they cancel out the sound
perfectly. They are just what I was looking for for the price they are sold at.
    Only been using daily for 2 months now. Battery life is impressive and
easily outlasts a full 8-9 hour workday.  If they last a full 12 months Ill be
more than satisfied.  They do seem sort of fragile but time will tell.
    Got these so I could work out and listen to music. These are so convenient,
with there being only one wire to connect the 2 headphones it makes it easy to
not lose them and also get them from falling on the floor if one falls out of
your ear. The quality is great and the sound is awesome. I can hardly hear
anything around me when I have them in. Definitely worth it.
    The best set of BT ear buds I've had.... Over the years, it's been a
lot!Paired easily. When connecting, the voice messages are clear. Fit is
excellent (have yet to fall out of either ear) Comfortable. Sound quality is
good, but I only use them for phone calls... Not music.  Magnetic clasp
powerful.They're  great! Would buy again
    wife uses them every day for work. Very satisfied with them
    These are the best bluetooth headphones I have owned.  Good sound quality,
very good battery life, good user interface.
    Love the size and fitment. very comfortable and remarkably secure in my ear.
My wife will be ordering a set
    Despite claims of sweat and water resistance, I ran into issues almost right
away with sweat getting in the control unit. It started with the volume down
button being constantly "pressed" by sweat, and now they won't turn on at all. I
usually run for 30 minutes at a time, and these barely lasted 6 weeks of 2-3x
per week of running.
    These headphones are truly amazing they cancel out noise without having to
blast my music. The battery life is also exceptional. I like having the freedom
of being able to walk away from my phone and have the music project the distance
portrayed by the details of the product. I would definitely buy these for a
friend. Also great that is sweat proof because I workout each day.
    I just tried out my headphones in running workout and the sound quality was
amazing. The most important aspect that I liked about the headphones is that it
fit in my ear and didn't fall out through my run. The headphones do great job of
cancelling out the noise around me, which is important when you're running
around traffic.I would highly recommend purchasing this headphone.
    Perfect good quality clear voice and ready to use for long time before
changing. Thanks
    Very simple setup, pairing was no problem. Have using on both Samsung and
Apple phones. I like the controls, well laid out and easily accessible. Use
primarily for audio books so really can't comment on the music aspect. Like the
magnetic backs which grab each other and help with storage (hanging).
    The sound quality is far superior than my previous pair (of course that
could be the size because even the small is HUGE). Noise cancellation is okay,
if you have it loud enough! And battery has lasted me 2 days  (with walking at
work and exercising at home as in battery level hasn’t moved yet!)
    These are very easy to use and set up. So comfortable in the ear. Easy off
and on. Very reasonably priced.
    Good sound, nice features but the charge does not last 16 hours as stated,
but it does give you plenty of audible warning when the charge is getting low.
    Just charged up and wow these things make apples air pods drown in the
water, amazing sound and quick pairing
    These little things have transformed my workouts. I love being wireless.
They stay on and don’t fall off.
    Sound is great and the battery lasts an amazing amount of time.  I use these
things daily working out, doing chores or just listening to music.
    Got these to go on a run.  They connected my iphone fine.  But in two weeks
of sweaty running, they gave up.  I’ll spend more and just get a namebrand
product.
    I owned these for four months and the right earbud became more quiet than
the left earbud. Before this, these headphones were astonishing for their
price.I emailed Boltune's customer service through Amazon. We attempted to
troubleshoot them over email. After this failed, they immediately sent me a
brand new pair of earbuds with ZERO hassle.I recommend these!!!
    These headphones are so comfy and produce great sound. I also appreciate
that the wire connecting the earbuds is the perfect length so it's not swinging
around during your workout, and the mic is still close to your mouth. Easy to
use, good quality, and has a warranty to boot. Highly recommend.
    wire thicker than previous pair, rubs neck, o/w great!
    I have to say, I’ve tried other brands of earbuds and these are by far the
best ones I’ve ever owned. It blacks out other sounds to the point I’m not
allowed to have both buds in my ears at work because I can’t hear my phone or
anyone talking to me( I personally don’t see the problem.  Lol!!).  Battery is
long lasting and the price is great!!  I’d definitely buy these again.  Quality
is great too!!
    This is my third pair and i love it .Also they gifted me with a gift card
and I’m going to use it to order an extra pair in case I lose these like I
always do.
    The sound on these is good, I can hear lyrics that I never made out before.
Balance is pretty nice, although I may eventually upgrade to headphones that can
be fine tuned more. Feel heavy in the hand but barely noticed them while
running. Quick to connect in bluetooth and easy controls--would recommend as a
budget-friendly, active headphone option!
    I bought these and love them. The bass is deep and rich. The treble is clear
and crisp. They last a long time on a charge and are very comfortable to wear
    This headphones are very light, it feels made from really good quality
components and fits perfect into my ears. Sound quality is amazing "For the
price", the bass line is very powerful, even at low volume levels. The mid and
high ranges sound could be better, because it feels a little far "like in a
second plane", because of strong bass sounds, nothing that you can fix with a
rock equalizer preset ;).
    Great, rich sound for it's class. A little bottom heavy, but robust. The mic
works fine, but sometimes is iffy on phone calls, especially where the mic can
end up behind your neck pretty easily.
    Sound is good noise cancellation is good but it keeps disconnecting and when
you're on a call the other party can't hear you
    These headphones have solid battery life and good sound. Overall, a good
value. I like more bass in my headphones, abs a touch more volume couldn’t hurt.
Fits well for me, and I typically have trouble finding comfortable headphones.
Great for price.
    My mother in law wanted earphones that wouldn't fall from her ears, that
have great sound quality, and great battery life...these earphones are perfect
for her and exceeded her expectations
    I was disappointed that the earbuds I used to have were no longer available,
so I decided to try Boltune version. I was immediately impressed with how easily
they connected to my devices. My only (slight) disappointment is the fact that
they are a bit heavier than the ones that I am used to. But all in all I am very
pleased with this product.
    Connected easily with my phone via bluetooth and sounds good. I work in a
cube farm and it did cut down on noise from the colleagues near me, there's
always one colleague who defies sound cancelling capabilities. Overall I'm
pleased with the purchse.
    Thank u for taking care of my problem so efficiently!  This is my favorite
brand!
    Great sound quality, easy and quick Bluetooth hook-up.
    Sound great, easy to use and charge.  The magnets keep them around your neck
when not in use.  The fit is reasonable with the 3 bud covers and 3 wings.  More
selection would be better m/l and xl.
    Awesome wireless earbuds. They paired right away with my phone, sound great
and fit comfortably without falling out. Can't beat it for the price
    Came in the box fully charged ! Easy to pair and sound quality on par with
my much higher priced pair. Best battery life I’ve seen on a Bluetooth product.
For my taste the cord could be 3-4 inches longer but still very usable!
    Disappointing. "On" function would not work. Cannot turn product on without
entering pairing mode. Annoying and time consuming. I will be returning.Update:
Company reached out to offer a free replacement. I already returned so I took
the $10 amazon giftcard instead. I appreciate the customer service.
    These are great. Good sound quality and I can’t hear outside noise with
these in.
    Excellent quality sound and noise cancellation. Looong battery life.Will buy
again!
    I have to say i was exspecting some cheap earbuds. Oh I was wrong they are
made really nice not heavy easy to function sounds really good I am really happy
with them and my next pair will be of a higher model to see what else they have
to offer I love it and keep up the good work thank you
    The headphones are excellent.  They have great sound quality and they are
stable in my ears while running and exercising.
    They’re great for taking on a run or workout, and they last for quite a long
time so you don’t have to worry about running out of power during long periods
of use. battery life is great, and they get the job done for their purpose.These
bluetooth earbuds are solid for the price.
    Great product over all, the only issue I have with it, is that it doesn't
automatically  shut off after not playing music for a while. Didn't realize I
left it on through the night and the battery completely  drained. Other than
that complaint, everything else functions fine.
    I prefer the corded wireless ear buds better than the buds that come
separate.  I can never seem to keep them secured in the ear and am always
adjusting them to try and keep them in.  With the cord I can also have them hang
over my neck when not in use.  The magnetic ends make me feel even more
satisfied.  They click together and stay in place until I'm ready to go again.
    These are great headphones and exactly what I was looking for. I'm not too
terribly picky about sound quality but these exceeded my expectations. The
battery life has been excellent as well. The magnetic connecting between the two
ear pieces is a great addition. Overall, very satisfied with this purchase
especially at such a great price.
    THESE ARE REALLY GOOD EARBUDS. THE BATEERY LIFE LAST FOR 12 = HOURS. I DONT
HAVE TO WOORY ABOUT THEM DIEING FAST. ALSO THEY HAVE A MAGNET ON THE END OF
THEM, I LOVE IT. WHEN IM NOT USEING THEM I CAN CLIP THE AROUND MY NECKLIKE A
NECKLECE.  THE BEST HEADPHONE FOR YOUR BUY.
    We just ordered 2 more pairs after my daughter stole the pair I already had.
They work great, I wear them for spartan races and they hold up great even with
the water obstacles.
    Fabulous sound quality!  Bought as a gift for my husband.  He was absolutely
blown away by how crystal clear the sound is, picking up all the instruments
being played.  Will be buying myself a pair!
    Bought for my 13 yr old grd daughter.  She likes themI liked the fact that
they were magnetized so can’t slip off neck.
    I would recommend these to anyone. I love them. The battery life is great
does last two whole days of work. The fit in my small ears and have extra ear
pieces. Sound is good! Comes in a case to travel with. Great product.
    These were fantastic for the first use. Then they never recharged again. I
was pretty bummed.
    These have nice sound. More sound canceling  than I had expected.  They stay
in your ears when running, but the sound bar pulls slightly with weight when
moving, but easily fixed with a knot on the opposite side.
    Finally I have a pair of wireless ear buds that fit and are secure while
working out. I must have very small ear canals so these help keep them in my
ears. Can’t speak on battery life as I just got them today.
    Wow!! Great product. I've had other bluetooth earphones..these are the
best!Price and quality are top notch!
    Got for Christmas to listen to my audio books. Gets hours and hours of play.
Connects to phone effortlessly every time. Sound is great and I love the
magnetic connection to keep them on my neck when I’m between use.
    I love the magnetic closure around my neck, it ensures they won't fall off.
Bluetooth connection was super easy. they fit snug in my ears and won't fall
out. These are great. I would totally recommend!
    The sound and fit of these are amazing.  I used them for a full day and the
battery was still alive and well.  I left 4 stars for battery simply because I
don't have the long term experience to judge them after many uses.  For a very
reasonable price you cannot go wrong with these headphones.
    I got these to use at the gym. They are easy to use and I haven’t had to
charge them. I like that they have the magnets so you can keep them around your
neck when not using and not lose them.
    Earbuds work well with Iphone and windows 10 computer. Some hiss at higher
volumes so will limit use to voice rather than music. If intending to use for
music consider this.
    These are a really nice set of earphones. They're easy to work, and came
with several different sized rubber ends for the earbuds (interchangeable). Good
quality and straightforward. They're not usually the kind of wireless earphones
I normally use (so I don't know how long I'll use them for), but I knew that
when I got them.
    Compared to other earbuds, this set feels a little cheaper, but quality is
good for a daily used earbuds.
    very good headphones glad I switched over after some less-than-ideal
headphones that while lasted longer had very poor quality definitely worth the
price!.
    Great battery life, great sound quality, sound cancelling is perfecto!
    Its pretty good, sounds good and is a pretty decent length. I love to use
them while watching Netflix in my bed.
    The sound quality of the headphones are great! It doesn't fully cancel
noise, but it does a pretty decent job for the most part. Really do enjoy the
long battery life on them when compared to other Bluetooth headphones. Overall,
great product for the price.EDIT: So nice, I had to buy it twice! Wife really
enjoyed using them so I had to purchase one for myself. I have been enjoying
them so far.
    I love my Boltune headphones! Unfortunately my old ones quit working after
about 2 yrs of wearing them everyday (funny if you look in my timeline photos
you can see them on my neck in every photo). After 2 yrs they stopped connecting
to my Bluetooth. It’s the greatest design very comfortable to wear, nice bass
and even treble. So nice I order twice!
    I am enjoying these very comfortable headphones!Longest battery  lasting
I’ve had!!
    Great  quality for the low price. Sound on calls and and music is clear.
Easy to connect and charge.  I haven't used the earphones long enough test how
long a full charge lasts.
    Bought 2 of these...my daughter and husband love them. Great battery life
great sound.
    This little guy works good and sounds great does exactly what I needed.
Thank you.
    These worked great until after running out of power the first time, they
never turned on again. They are part of my desk clutter now.Update: Boltune
offered to replace them, they worked great otherwise, and I would buy this brand
again when I need more headphones
    This pair of wireless earbuds is the first product that has fit my ear. They
are comfortable, light, and they are easy to use...pairing was simple. Since I
use them to listen to news and audio while walking I can't really say what they
are like while running. Great product at a nice price point. At this point I
give them a 5 start rating.
    Easy to use.  Great sound.  Stays in ears even during running and other
activities.  Prefer the connected ear bud design to individual ear buds.  Much
lower cost than most alternative products.  At this price point, not so
concerned with loss or accidental damage as with a much more expensive product.
    Was hesitant to purchase at first due to the lower price, however pleasantly
surprised at the quality.  Sound is good and they stay in my ears when running.
Would definitely recommend to another.
    These have great sound quality and block out almost all surrounding noise
(almost to a fault - I prefer to be able to hear my surroundings). They come in
a nice case and are ready to use right out of the box. The battery life is great
- I've used them for several workouts and the initial charge is still going
strong. These also come with different sizes of ear pieces to get the best fit.
    fits comfortably. high sound quality. fair price. long lasting play time,
quick charge.
    Excellent product. Great sound quality, super light, long battery life for a
good price. Can connect two of my devices simultaneously without any issues!
Highly recommended.
    Just got these I used them right away the battery lasted for long time,sound
was excellent I like the magnetic end so I don't lose them I Will recommend them
to everyone
    Great product! Love the magnet earpieces. I lose my keys all the time but
these I never lose. Wonderful noise cancelation so I can plug in and ignore the
my S/O. But overall excellent product for the outdoorsy folk.
    Love these! They cancel out the noise very well and stay securely in my
ears. I love the magnets to keep them around my neck when I want to put stop
using them temporarily when I'm out and a bout. The charge lasts a long time
which is great. Pretty much has everything I've been looking for and I was not
let down.
    Sound quality is better than my wired earbuds and the battery life is
excellent.  They arrived in a few days and I have been using them ever since.  I
didn't know why they are magnetic but I do now since the fit comfortable around
my next and the magnets lock the earbuds together so they stay put and are ready
for an incoming call or to listen to music.
    I really wanted to like these for the price but everyone I talk to tells me
they cannot understand a word I say on the phone. They're probably okay for
music listening.
    Very impressed with the price and quality of the earphones. Really nice
sound and very comfortable to wear. Would definitely recommend.
    I really enjoy these headphones! I've been using them for about a month now
and the sound quality is great and the fit nicely in my ears and are not bulky
feeling or uncomfortable. The magnetic feature on the back of each ear piece is
also super convenient for when working out with a friend and you need to pop the
ear buds in or out.
    Goes to pairing mode everytime I press power botton.
    It is really a nice earphone for exercise and the package is simple with a
very nice bag for store. So far the sound is great. Will keep using for a while
and see the battery. So far so good. A pleasure purchase so far!! Nice value!
    Was looking for a pair of Bluetooth earbuds that would stay in my ears
comfortably for long runs. I am female with small ears and I often have trouble
fitting into earbuds.This pair comes with three sizes to adjust the fit of the
buds. The smallest set seems to do the trick for my ears!
    I really like this item because of sound quality,and battery life is amazing
    This is a phenomenal product. Be sure to read the instructions on the button
commands. Battery life is amazingly long and lives up to the promised hours.
    Super good after comparing with other more expensive wireless..
    good sound for the price, haven't run into issues with the battery life so
far but haven't used it too much. Comfortable and convenient.
    These are my 2nd pair (I lost the other one recently).  The battery life
lasts forever and the sound quality is great!
    Two work buddies recommended these Boltune headphones. They told me the bass
is solid and sound overall very good! They said the battery life is incredible!
You can listen for an entire 8 hour shift and still have more than 50% battery
left! Noise cancellation is good, but we work in a wood shop, so expectations
are high. I still say the cancellation is good.
    Bough these for a friend of mine who goes to the gym. Sound was good and
bass was satisfying. During training, sweat did'nt seem to have any effect on
product. Earbuds worked even when phone was a few meters away without having
disconnection issue.
    The reviews on these seemed positive but after about a week of using them I
started to get a bunch of background static. It caused my ears to hurt after
using them for more than 20 mins so I ended up returning them.
    Exactly what I expected, nice comfortable bluetooth headphones with amazing
base and sound balance; not to mention, the packaging came with well written
instructions. Plus, I didn't know these headphones could pair to two devices.
    Honestly these headphones are amazing! I have had no issues with them thus
far. They feel comfortable after long hours of wear, the battery also does last
for 16 hours and lastly they sound great!
    Very happy with earbuds so far excellent battery life
    I previously had the Bluetooth wrap around the ear beats by dre and these
are better no cap. For how cheap these are, they are a steal. I do landscaping
and cut grass for work and you cannot even hear the mower or anything when these
are on. And you only need them at half blast. I have never used these at maximum
volume because so good
    I really like these headphones.They are beautifully packaged and just the
right size.It's signal is stable and the sound quality is clear.Long continuous
playback allows me to enjoy wonderful music during travel and sports.The main
thing is that the waterproof effect is very good,I like it too much.Overall,they
are really good value for money and well worth buying.
    I've only had these a few days, but I've been impressed with the quality for
the price. I mainly wear them while walking the dog and have been surprised by
the noise cancelling feature. They pretty much block out the ambient street
noise. They fit well and seem to have a good battery life. I haven't used them
on a phone call yet.
    I love these headphones! The battery life is amazing! I have been using them
a lot since I got them and haven’t had to charge them yet! They are very
comfortable in your ears and the magnetic quality helps your from losing them!
Highly recommend these!
    Comfortable. Product as described. Good value for price.
    I purchased these in March, 2020 and they worked pretty well, except they
would cut out once in a while, but today the sound coming out of the left side
stopped completely. I would expect this product to last at least a year. Very
disappointed and won't purchase again.
    Headphones worked great for the first couple months. Battery life has
decreased quite a bit since then, but customer service offered a replacement for
free!
    Bought this for my 8yr old and she loves it.  Great for trips in the car
when you don't want to hear the music or game they are playing on their devices.
They stay in her ears perfectly and the battery life seems great. And no long
extra wires to contend with with attached ear buds.  Christmas gift so we'll see
how she does with them.  So far so good.
    These headphones replaced some from another brand that I loved, but broke
unexpectedly. Thought I'd try these ones based on the good reviews and haven't
been disappointed! They sound so much better than my old pair and are more
comfortable to wear too. Highly recommend these for the price!
    Great headset and great sound quality. I definitely recommend!
    These headphones last FOREVER! They never fall out of your ears like others
I have tried in the past. I love them so much... i bought another pair in case I
lost my other pair.
    Works great, bought as a replacement for similar headphones. Stay in the
ears when running and sound good!
    Bought a pair and was very impressed with sound and battery life. They are
comfortable to wear unlike other ear buds I have had. I liked them so much that
I ordered another pair after misplacing the original pair.
    Wasn't sure if the earbud insert would be comfortable and firm fitting, but
these are excellent in both features.  The inserts set in very securely and have
a very soft comfortable feel.  Extra connection and ear-mount parts were
included; I suppose that they might wear out or need replacing eventually.
    I love these headphones. The quality is great. When I have them in, I can't
hear any other noise. It cancels out all noise. The sound is very reach and
clear. I love the magnet feature. Also they came with several size ear pieces
and a carrying bag. Really great and the price was great!
    I was looking for wireless earbuds that would provide decent sound and stay
in place while running / working out. This product met all of my expectations.
They are comfortable and always stay in place. Sound is very good. Controls are
straightforward and conveniently accessible. I’ve now bought two, and am very
pleased with the purchase.
    What I like about this set of earbuds is that they are all what the product
description said they were. Can you believe less than $30. I would buy again and
recommend them to anyone who are. looking for a good set of earbuds.
    Great sound, comfortable, the control piece and microphone are too close to
earpiece and the buttons are not raised up to figure out without seeing them.
Also, microphone easily faces away from voice and is too soft volume to listener
at the other end.
    In the price range, these sound very good, although I have not to hade the
chance to really test the battery life they do last an entire day without a
problem (haven't actually let them fully discharge). The mic quality is good
based on feedback from a call I had.
    These head phones are durable. Battery life is extraordinary. Buy with.
confidence.
    These are absolutely wonderful!! Superior sound quality and comfort, and
easy to use. I would say these are comparable to jaybirds. I will be telling my
friends about these 🎧
    Best buy for the money 100%. Great fit, great sound. These replaced my beats
and they're just as good.
    Excellent Quality Find I'm In Love
    I've been searching for headphones to use while I bike. Most bluetooth
headsets are boxy, so they catch the wind and create so much noise I have a hard
time hearing while I bike. But these nest in my ear and block the exterior
sound. And they're super comfortable. I've been using them for almost three days
and they still have battery life.
    These earbuds are great for listening to music. They have great sounding
speakers and fit right in your ear. If they don't fit in your ear, they also
include ear tips and hooks along with the earbuds, as well as a bag for the
earbuds. These earbuds are a great overall pick and the price helps too.
    I love the way that they fit.  Sound quality is great.  Will definitely buy
again.  Would recommend to other users.
    Best headphones I've had in a while. Battery lasts awhile too!
    Bought these blue tooth ear buds so that I would be hands free with my
phone. Love the long battery life and how well they work. I find the controls on
the neck/ear connector-cord a bit awkward to use when using the ear buds, so I
use the controls on my phone instead.
    Love that it comes with a different ear size heads, and a little mesh bad to
keep it all together. Didn't try it for a long time, but the sound is amazing ,
completely isolating the noise from the outside,  feeling like at the concert
lol definitely will order again as a gift to the family. Btw came in 3 days
    I really like the headphones. I used them for 15 hours straight, no problems
with charge. Easy to use and charge-(55+ user) The sound is true stereo. Nice
accessory bag for the extras.
    These were easy to pair to my mp3 player and have really good sound quality.
Recommended!  The magnets on the earbuds are a nice touch
    # low price# Really long battery life.# Very good sound quality# Water proof
.# Easy set up# Fit to ears
    I gave these another shot and I'm so glad I did! They are the BEST earbuds
I've ever had!! Sound GREAT they are loud enough and don't slip from my ear when
I run!!
    These do a decent job of keeping sound from the outside out and it is easy
to pair with different devices. Stayed in during my first run and sound good.
Others I bought had the tips fall off during a run and were hard to change
connection between devices.
    I love love love these headphones, this is the second time I buys these, I
lost my first ones 😕 I had them over a year, I was so upset. The sound quality,
battery life, noise cancelation is allll great. I'll try to be more careful with
these 😆
    The product broke within 2 months and I emailed the company and they sent a
new pair. I'm grateful for their fast service and confidence in their product.
    Love these headphones! second pair i have bought from them. Battery life is
pretty accurate. Perfect for long work hours, or for long trips! Love how they
are magnetic and stay connected if i have them hanging around my neck. Quality
is great! Recommend them to anyone who like the wired bluetooth headphone,
    They do not reconnect to my iphone when I turn them off and back on. I have
to forget the device on my phone then pair them again.  This is the first pair I
have ever had that I have to go through this process.
    I love these! They stay well in ears and fit well. Magnetic feature is
great. Sound is good. Easy to pair. Easy to charge. Great purchase.
    Within the first few weeks the left ear bud starting going out and had a lot
of static. If I didn't use them for a few days they wouldn't turn on and I had
to charge again. Boltune quickly resolved it by sending out a free pair of
updated headphone to resolve the issue.  It was greatly appreciated.
    I saw a lot of reviews and they were right! These headphones cancelled out
noise and I was the most impressed by how well they stayed in my ears. I have
little ears so I had to use the small earpieces but the wings are so comfortable
and they stayed in my whole workout!
    These stay in my ears during workouts  and the sound is great! I would
recommend these.
    I bought these to connect to my Garmin 645m. They sound great and have long
battery life. I have already worn the headphones running in a colorado
hail/rainstorm and they are definitely waterproof as well. I can't speak to the
durability so far as I have only had them a few weeks, but I am very confident
they will last a LONG time.
    Amazed at how well these stay in the ear.  Comfortable as well.  Love the
magnetic feature when not in use.  Noise cancellation is very good as well.
Sound seems a bit bass heavy, but good enough for the price.
    Got these for my husband. He absolutely loves them. He said the battery
lasts a long time which he needs because he uses them all day at work. He also
says they are very comfortable which is a big deal to him. He usually hates
wearing headphones. He thinks i should order myself a pair next.
    I am a runner and VERY hard on headphones. I typically look for bluetooth
connectivity, long battery life, and ability to withstand sweat/rain/snow. For
the price, these are great!! In all honesty, better than many more expensive
ones that I've purchased over the years. Nothing fancy, but definitely get the
job done.
    These earbuds are great. Sound is good, but I would like to add a touch of
base as sometimes the music sounds a little off.  Extra ear piece sizes make
this wonderful for each individual's needs.
    These wireless buds are amazing! Great clarity, comfortable, they send
different size buds to pick your fit. I would definitely recommend this product!
    Stable transmission. So far so good and I don't have any complaints for this
because it is so awesome. It doesn't bring me issues at the moment and I truly
enjoy using it during my leisure time. Hassle-free.
    Love these headphones great battery life,  comfortable, nice sound,great
price and I love the magnetic attachment when not in use hanging around my neck
they stay together. All around great quality and price.
    Been using for nearly a month. Excellent sound quality, range, battery life
and price. I walk to/fro work and I find myself leaving my Boltune Headphones in
for a while instead of turning the stereo on when I get home.
    These are so comfortable and the ear clips are amazing. I have bought many
different wireless headphones and these are the best!!!! Sound is awesome and
battery life is great! All in all I am very happy with my purchase.
    Received these headphones and came fully charged and easy pairing
    Noise cancellation is good but the sound quality is not that great
    Good earbuds for the price! Packaged well and good sound. Very comfortable
and stay in ears well.
    It was easy to connect with my cell phone.I usually used it for running and
it fit to me and didn't falling off the ear.Also the sound quality was very
satisfactory. Made of magnetic design, it's easy to carry. I don't have to worry
about twisting the lines.
    I liked these headphones so much I bought another pair! Just one little
thing...the cover for the USB attachment is pretty flimsy. And the cord provided
is pretty short. (I guess that's two things.) Otherwise, sound quality is good,
price is reasonable, very happy!
    They are good for a reasonable priceSound quality and battery life are both
great
    Clear, clean sound. Unlike other headphones in this price range, the base
sounds solid. Comfortable fit. No reason to spend for a more expensive
headphones, these do nicely
    I just love the clarity of the earphone. It holds on to the ear very well.i
once had bose earphones and this came close to it. Will be buying more of their
products.
    I had a problem with this set and they promptly replaced it.
    Working from home while the "Stay at home order" is in effect I needed some
Bluetooth headphones for my increasing number of conference calls. These have a
great battery life and the noise canceling is very good. My only challenge is
that sometimes I hear just bit of static but overall for the price these are
great!
    Great headphones considering the price point. Battery life is superb.
    Running is easy to wear. The sound quality is good, and I'm not afraid to
lose it
    Finally a pair of earbuds that are comfortable!  They sound really good when
listening to music. I've received feedback from others that the microphone sound
quality is also very good when I use these for conference calls.
    I ordered these for my little sister because her old earphones broke. She
loves these because they have noise cancellation system and the battery life is
spectacular so she doesn’t have to put them on charge every other hour or so.
Sound quality on these is also great.
    I did a lot of research for the best first time product (for new bluetooth
user) and also compared many specifications i.e. distance for connectivity and
battery life. After 1 month of using it, I thought it was great. Everyone should
give this product at least a one time try.
    I have bought a few pair of these headphones. Listen daily in the shower and
use frequently while traveling for work.  Good sound quality, quick to connect,
good range, good battery life, however I have had the microphone stop working on
a pair which eliminates the ability to use on a phone call or online meeting.
    These are the best!  I love that they stay put in my ears without looping
around the top of my ears where my glasses go.  They have great sound volume and
clarity. I use them during exercise with no problems.  I am glad I purchased
them.
    I am so happy with this purchase! These headphones are super comfortable and
stay securely in place, which is important because I use them while running.
They deliver clear sound and the volume controls are easily accessible. I am
considering gifting these to friends and family!
    Once they fully charged they are awesome. They come with different size buds
to fit to you and most importantly they stay securely in place
    I bought this because I was tired of my old headphone wires always getting
caught and pulled on objects. The sound quality isn’t terrible, but sometimes I
get a dull fuzzy static sound. The wire also keeps moving to one side, which can
be annoying since it has to be adjusted.
    This is the second pair my husband has gotten and he wears them all the
time. If it wasn’t for my grandson the other ones would still be working
    This wireless headphone has a relatively good sound quality considering its
cheap price. Power charging is convenient and blue tooth connection is easy to
set up. The magnet in the back makes two headphones stick together so the wire
doesn't twist.
    Great gift
    I spend many hours on calls during the day and these earbuds have made my
life much easier since I've started using them. I can leave my phone in one
place and walk around the house with no signal problems. The mic quality is good
too. I would recommend them.
    Nice price
    Love the sound and noise canceling and that they actually stay in my ears.
I’ve tried many and they don’t usually stay out. Great price !  Only negative is
the wire and not sure if I turn them off. The magnets are a great feature if uoh
take them off and wear around your neck.
    This wireless Bluetooth headset has fast transmission speed, stable signal
and clear sound quality. The sound quality is very good when listening to music.
It is comfortable to wear. It can be played continuously for 2 hours after
charging 5 minutes. You can also listen to your favorite music when running,
which will not affected by sweat and rain.
    Don't worry, they work.  I like my new headphones a lot!
    I love these headphones. I was looking for a wireless set that I could use
while working out and these did not disappoint. Once I put the largest earpieces
on, they held firmly even while running. Battery life seems great and sound
quality is surprisingly good for the price. If these broke,  I wouldn’t hesitate
to reorder another pair.
    Love these. Battery last for days. Perfect for riding on the motorcycle.
    Good sound. Could be a little louder but clear sound, well-built and the
battery lasts a long time.I use them daily for outdoor work and they are great
at canceling noise.
    These headphones are good for workouts, especially running. The sound
quality is good and they connect seamlessly to my phone via bluetooth. Out of
the wireless headphones I have bought in the past, I would say these are on the
upper end, given their price.
    This was a random order to try out something new, and I was pleasantly
surprised how FANTASTIC these sound! Charged em, went out for a few runs this
week, they stay in the ear comfortably, and the trebles are crisp and bass is
clear and bassy. Just as it's intended. Buy these! An amazing deal.
    Excelente!
    I was very sad when I lost my first pair of Boltunes so I promptly ordered
another. I have a hard time with headphones because they often fall out of my
ears, especially during exercising. These fit well (even when sweaty) and are
easy to pair and use. Highly recommend especially for the reasonable price!
    The ear buds are fantastic. Once you put then in you no longer hear the
outside world. The sound quality is great for the price range. I love the
magnetic clip for when I'm taking a break then i can take them out and they
basically become a necklace.
    Really nice! Great sound! Stays charged for long period of time.
    I have been using mine for a couple of weeks now and am very happy with
them.  They are user friendly & good battery life.  Work much better than a
different brand that I had tried.  There was one earhook that was bent/curved
too much but it comes with 2 other pair so I just switched and worked fine.  I
recommend these.
    Connected to my phone and laptop quickly and easily- works with both very
well- necessary in the teleworking mode.  Pauses and re-starts music with the
click of a button- both recorded and youtube.  Great tool for work or
entertainment.
    I like the headset, stick outside the ear and get bumped sometimes. good
sound.
    This is my third pair (I lost the last pair) and I keep coming back to them!
They're an all-around good pair of headphones. They sound great, noise-
cancelling is great, and the battery lasts a while.Would recommend them!
    These have great sound and great battery life. The only downside I find to
them is that they don’t fit my ears as comfortably as I would like and start to
hurt after 6 or so hours. Otherwise they would be five stars. A great deal for
the price!
    This is my second time buying these headphones, a pair for me and my
husband. Amazing battery and sound quality. Almost instantaneously charged. Love
them.......Was my original review but now 2 months later they have just stopped
charging. Extremely upsetting. Iv tried multiple outlets and multiple chargers.
    After many long sweaty workouts these headphones have endured.  I’ve
typically run into problems with past headphones as I sweat a lot, but these
have been great.  Also, no problems with battery life, or microphone.  Great
buy!
    I purchased this product for taking conference calls in a loud production
environment and they work amazing!The sound quality when listening to music is
superior to almost any other pair of headphone I’ve ever purchased!Very pleased!
    For the price it does more than expected. Sound is great and comfortable to
run with. Battery life is surprisingly good.
    Great sound quality, very comfortable.  Great battery life.  Very happy with
this purchase.
    One of the best headphones that I ever owned.
    Honestly the best headphones I've ever bought for the price. The sound
quality is amazing. The bass and noice cancellation help me to tune out and vibe
out. Gets really loud at high volume. The battery lasts just about all day long.
Got no complaints with these whatsoever. I recommend them to anyone...buy buy
buy!
    These headphones are awesome!!! Bluetooth, stay in the ear comfort, great
sound, carrying case mesh bag, and THEY EVEN STAY IN WHEN I GO RUNNING, which is
a huge plus for me.You will not be disappointed!!!!
    These headphones are really good for the price. If they were a brand name
they would cost triple the price.I have owned these for a few months. I am very
happy with my purchase.
    Great sound quality but stopped working one day after the return period
ended. The bluetooth started cutting out and then my voice couldn't be heard on
calls. Don't waste your money for 2 months of use.
    Easy to connect, sound great, come with ear bumpers. Overall, a great
product for price!
    I just got them so I can't much else other than they seem a lot like my old
Taotronics(which I really liked), but with better materials. Also the Magnets
seem a lot snappier and are quite satisfying.
    Bought these for my boyfriend and his son loved them so much that I bought
him a pair also. Great sound quality and perfect for our gym workouts!
    Good sound!
    Paired immediately out of the box.Perfect for my exercise walks. They are
very secure and comfortable.  Not as much bass as I would prefer but for the
price and purpose I wanted these are great.
    I watch tv in bed while others sleep. Good, loud sound. Battery good for 2-3
nights.
    Great product
    I have been using these headphones since over past 3 months. regularly for
my office calls as well as for listening to call while running or working out.
Sound quality is good and convenient for regular use.
    Came with power, connected just fine. What I expect for the price. The
magnets are a little weak, and one of the ears dud things fell off while I was
wearing it around my neck the first day.
    Super comfortable. Great sound. Love the look and feel of them. Great value.
Highly recommend.
    Purchased 2.5 months ago. No sound in right ear. Their customer service
pulled thru and made sure my problem got resolved even tho I was beyond the
warranty period.
    Love mine and  it has bass. Not as bulky of wire than my other one was. So
more comfortable and stays in my ears better too
    I usually hate in-ear headphones, but these very comfortable to wear and the
package comes with different earbud sizes, I use the smallest and they work
fantastic. The audio is crisp and precise. I am not an audiophile, but these
headphones really sound great! They charge quickly and I find I can use them for
about 6 hours before I need to recharge them.
    Great soundproof buds that for well in your ears. Love these.
    So far so good. I am hard of hearing so things usually sound muffled. These
earbuds help tremendously on phone calls and while listening to music. They're
also pretty comfortable.
    This is a tremendous value. This headset works much better than the one I
had before that cost twice as much. Very comfortable and sound quality is
excellent. I can't recommend these enough.
    Gave 5 star on battery but not totally confirmed. These have more bass than
my not near as cheap headset.
    I lost my first set on a cross country trip.  I immediately ordered another
pair.  They are awesome.  Their charge lasts for days and I was able to drive
from Colorado to Minnesota straight through 14 hours while listening to music
and talking on the phone without charging..  Love these headphones..
    I like that they stay in place, sound is good, they do what I need them to
do.
    My first set broke right away, but now with the great customer service they
are making it right. Great set of wireless headphones for the price!
    I'm impressed with these earphones. Great sound quality and ability to block
out background noise.  Seem to be durable as well.  Good value for the price.
The only reason that I didn't provide 5 stars is the tendency of the right
earbud to come out of my ear while I run.
    I've resisted purchasing Bluetooth headphones but after upgrading my
smartphone I no longer had a headphone jack.  Setup was easy.  Charge has held
up.  Packaging was very nice and the magnets on the headphones make it easy to
pack-up and store.
    This is the 2nd time ordering this product in the last month.  I was
negligent while hiking and lost them off the trail.  Several days later I found
them in tall brush having been in days of wet weather and ice!  They worked just
as good as when I purchased them!  So now I have 2 pair!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      It is my first time bought
the blue tooth headphones，the battery life is good，one time charge can last many
days.And the looking is my favorite style also.I love this product。
    All around very good headphone
    Easy set up and works great
    Sounds is very crisp & clear.  Good bass. I like the pouch that holds the
earbuds and the extra sizes of buds.  Easy to pair.  Very happy with my
purchase.  Also, quick delivery.
    High stereo quality. It's so satisfying for its quality and the price is
much lower. The craftsmanship is not really poor for this and I have a lot of
affection for this. Huge satisfaction for it. Recommended !
    I have tried several kinds of wireless headphones, including AirPods, and I
like these the best by far. The sound is great, the battery lasts forever, and I
don’t worry about losing them like I do the air pods- but also if I did, they’re
so inexpensive to repurchase! Highly recommend trying them!
    They're light, sound quality is pretty good, have great battery life, and
the inner ear hooks are comfyMy biggest complaint is when I use them to
run/exercise, the mic part is heavy and bounces around next to your face, making
it kind of irritating. Not enough to want to return them
    The headphones are but the that's annoying about this product is everytime I
turn on these headphones I have to program it to the phone everytime. it
supposed to be programmed once not every time I used the headphones it my be
defective
    I use these for work where I leave them on for roughly 12+ hours using them
sporadically yet the battery has never died on me.  The sound range and quality
is great especially for the price.  I accidentally threw the first pair I got
away and did not hesitate to purchase them again.
    Comfortable in ears and fit securely. Battery charges quickly and easy to
use. The magnets are great, since I often forget I have headphones around my
neck. So far so good!
    Just got it a few days ago and I love it so far
    Just received these headphones and I was surprised by the quality, both of
the headphone materials and the sound quality, both of which you can't beat for
this price.
    Great earbuds for the right price.  Good overall sound quality, including
deep bass, good battery life, and the mic is clear and crisp for phone calls.  I
also like the strong magnets on the buds which let me wear around my neck when
not using so I can quickly insert if I receive a call.
    These headphones are a good value for the price. They stay in my ear. Don’
hurt my ear when I wear them for hours. I am using them for phone calls. The
people I am talking to can hear me clearly. The volume on my side is good. With
them in both ears, they do good at dampening the background noise behind me
    Very comfortable fit! They stay put reasonably well despite their weight
(which I like).  Bass and overall sound is very good.  Bluetooth range is
excellent!  My only criticism is the constant faint white noise. I only notice
it when there's no sounds playing. Slightly annoying during audiobooks.
    This is a fantastic little giant.... You won't be disappointed
    A friend recomended these headphones to me, and my am I glad to have
purchased them! So much more affordable than the Apple AirPods, and I love and
they're connected so they don't get lost. Definitely a must for anyone looking
for good quality wireless earbuds! Amazing battery life.
    Reliable reception and sound. Long battery life and quick connection.
    Great product!  The bluetooth connection is very solid.  I've used them
running, doing housework, and yard work. Even if my phone is not on me, but just
nearby, they stay solidly connected.  The magnetic ends that keep them around
your neck after you take them out of your ears is a very helpful feature, also.
    I use them all the time. The range is pretty bad, but the battery is
amazing, they charge quick and are cheap as hell. Worth it to me.
    Comfortable fit
    Perfect for workouts.  Earbuds fit nicely in the ear without being
uncomfortable.
    Love these headphones.  The battery lasts all day and the sound quality is
on par with headphones those twice the price or more.  The Bluetooth pairing
works very simply and has a decent range.  I recommend these to anyone looking
for an affordable, high quality product.
    I’ve purchased a few of these but this one doesn’t hold a battery charge for
more than 40 minutes. I’m so disappointed! Fully charged it out of box, did all
things I’ve done before. Would not buy again not recommend.
    Very impressed with both the sound quality and battery life. The battery
especially was a nice surprise. Lasts much longer than other wireless headphones
I've had. There was a minor issue with the audio sync on my first pair. Customer
service was extremely quick and responsive and sent me a new pair right away.
Very impressed with their support.
    I love these headphones! The sound quality is great and the option of
different ear bud pieces is perfect for noise cancellation and finding the
perfect fit. I love the magnetic piece so I can easily take them out of my ears
if needed and I do not loose them. I definitely recommend!
    These headphones really are great! Great sound, amazing battery life, 30
month warranty, and quality materials. I am pretty picky about sound quality and
these headphones have been a pleasant surprise. For the money, I can't imagine
you can do much better. Highly recommend!
    These were my first pair of bluetooth earphones. I've since bought a few
others and these are still the easiest to deal with to me. They're almost hard
to lose, they dont need a case, and the battery life is great. Consistently
decent sound quality.
    I was so sick of buying expensive name brand headphones like Bose and Beats
just to have them crap out on me. These are so comfortable and easy to setup.
The sound is good and the battery lasts a long time! Would definitely recommend
these.
    Love them! I'll be using them for my upcoming trip!
    Really good wireless headphones. I have been using them for two months and I
had no issues with them. They connect to the Bluetooth really easy and have a
really good microphone. The only downside is the microphone also takes
background noise. The battery last for at least three days when I constantly use
them.
    I've had these a few weeks and they work great! Easy to pair with my phone,
quality sound, and easy to use. I like the magnetic feature so I don't lose them
when they're around my neck too.
    I really loved these headphones but they died on me after only 1-2 months.
Not sure what went wrong but they won’t power back on, even though the charging
light comes on when I plug them in. Aside from that, for the price they had
great sound and volume cancellation.
    I have a lawn care business and I used these when I was mowing/weedeating
today and they were amazing. I usually go through several headphones per mowing
season but these are amazing and I highly recommend them. I do not anticipate
having to buy anymore after the great quality I saw today.
    These headphones were recommended to me when I was looking at really
expensive wireless headphones. So glad I went with these because they're
perfect! I even had my mom and brother purchase a pair!
    So far all is good- I have not been running with it- sound great, the mesh
draw string bag is a great to protect it,
    Very good sound quality. Stays in my ears during my workouts and the battery
life is great.
    Amazing, best I ever had!
    They did not fall out when I went on a run. Easy to use, I like the magnet
that links them. They sound good and I still could hear cars passing by which I
like when I am jogging. I switched the ear pieces to the smallest and it was
pretty easy to change them. They are very comfortable to wear and good sound.
    Arrived on schedule. Right out of the package had terrific sound quality.
Adjustable ear pieces allow for a comfortable and secure fit. These are my go to
earbuds for working out and long runs.
    These are well built. I'm impressed by the sound quality.
    I like this headset. It’s so easy to use and has very good quality and
price, too! The magnets are a plus, so I can close them on my neck when I don’t
use them.
    I'm enjoying the Boltune Bluetooth Headphones!  I also love that they came a
day early!  Thanks, Amazon.  If I could change one thing about this device, it
would be to make the section of wire behind the neck a little heavier so it does
not move around so much.  Other than that, I am loving them.
    I trusted and bought by the user reviews and it was absolutely right !!.
It's easy to set up, it sounds great, and it has a great microphone. The
instructions are written in 6 different languages.This is a very valuable
product at this cost.
    I absolutely love these earbuds. They have great battery life, good sound,
are comfortable to wear, and connect very quickly to paired devices.
    really like the comfortability in my tears sound quality is above average
and I haven't had them go dead on me in an 8 hour shift call me. I use them at
work as a truck driver for music and to make phone calls to my customers
    Great item
    I sleep with these they are great. I did order these again but I am
disappointed that they only lasted a couple of months. The first pair will not
charge now, bought late May and will not charge early July.
    Excelente audífonos de muy buen sonido y calidad, totalmente recomendable
    I am very satified with my Boltune BT headphones.  They are easy to connect
and the battery is long-lasting.  I used them outside on long walks and my calls
are clear even on rainy days.  I don't leave the house without them.
    Replacing my old Bluetooth headphone due to battery no longer holding the
charge.  I gave this one a try and it exceeds my expectation.  No problem with
pairing my phone and the sound quality is way better in this price range.  The
phone calls are clear too.  No regret about this one.
    looking for a reasonably priced bluetooth headphones that would stay in my
earsthese do just thata plus that they are waterproofeasy to pair via bluetooth
    Good Bluetooth headphones for the money. They fit comfortably in my ears and
don’t fall out when I’m working out. I’ve worn them in the shower to see how
water proof they are I have not had any issues.
    The headphones sound wonderful and fit snuggly in my ears.  I haven't tried
running with them yet, but I think they will stay in my ears nicely.  Overall,
the quality seems sufficient, and I would recommend these to others.
    Ive had the product for three weeks and it is solid headset. The earbuds are
really comfortable and sound quality is amazing. I  highly recommend this
product for customers working from home and conducting virtual meetings!
    They came quick and husband said they work well!
    Work very well, great price!
    They stayed snug in my ears during my work out.
    Great wireless headphones, can't fault them, easy to connect with a device
and simple up and down for volume and a master button for pause/call answer etc.
Nice array of extra rubbers aswell, nice that when not in use they have magnets
on the back and stick together rather than flap around.
    These little wireless ear buds exceed my expectations for work in the
office. It is comfortable to wear in one ear as well as both. Battery has lasted
couple days now with no recharging and Bluetooth pairing was simple
    Great headphones! I’ve had a really hard time find a pair of headphones that
actually stay in my ears when I run and I think I’ve finally found a pair. I
also like how they come with different size pieces that you can sell out to get
the perfect fit!
    Amazing battery life, highly recommend!
    I can’t tell you how much of a fan I am for these earbuds! I was looking for
a long battery life headphone and this one can’t be beat. 16hrs off one charge?!
I thought it was a joke and I ran a test to see for myself and it’s over 16hrs
of play time...Amazing product!
    Follow up. Received replacement earbud. Work and sound really well. Battery
last about 6 hrs. Sounds and work flawlessly. Would recommend.
    Perfect replacement for my misplaced earbuds, excellent sound for a lower
price.
    Pretty easy to use! Earphones were already at 100%! No time wasted charging!
Wish it had a USB Type C cable instead but I can live with that. Battery life is
amazing! Definitely will buy an upgraded version with USB Type C in the future!
    They were really good the first couple of times I used them...then I lost
them 😂
    By far the best head phones ive had in a long time. Im so glad i came across
these. Sound is amazing. The person next to me could hear my music even with it
being maxed out. And they cancelled out all noise. its so nice not being able to
hear everything else and my music.
    I bought this for my dad. Due to his job he sweats a lot. This headphone is
waterproof and it dosen't fall out of ears. The sound quality is good.
Especially for high bass music.
    These are awesome. I love them.
    I never write reviews, but I’m so impressed with these headphones! I was
skeptical because I have been burned in the past with headphones. I’m blown away
by the sound quality and battery life. These are exactly what I was looking for!
    These are great for the price, great quality. The only thing is the battery
life isn't amazing.
    I highly recommend these earphones! Unlike some other brands, these fit
snugly in my ears and don't fall out, even while exercising. I love the quality
of sounds, the ease of linking bluetooth to my phone, and the fact that they are
light. Thanks for a great product!
    The product you are getting at this price point is worth every dollar and a
5 star rating.  The sound is good, have no issues, but I would watch out for
putting it on the loudest volume setting, it's not all that great.  But at this
price point you are getting a bargain!!
    This headphones use Simple and practical operation, good sound quality.Value
for money！
    This is the 5th pair I have ordered love them I’ve bought them for my
husband,dad, daughter and my mom all love the sound and quality. Battery life is
amazing and recharges fast
    These have been working great and are a great value!
    Easy to use, great battery and sound. I liked the so much I got a pair for a
family member.
    Use these all the time when walking or working out.
    The cord connecting the earbuds is too short causing the cable to fall down
your back and pull the earbuds out.
    So Haley I bought this brand. Really good quality and awesome for working
out with!
    Great headphones, they sound good, easy to use.  Overall very satisfied.
    These earphones fit perfectly.  I was worried because I have small ears and
often have trouble finding some that fit comfortably.  These are comfortable and
stay in well while running on the treadmill.  I can walk all around my house
without them cutting out.  I highly recommend these.
    Oh Wow! I am very shocked at the awesome sound quality these ear buds put
out for the low price they are and the battery life is amazing! Definitely
better option than Arisen wind buds!
    The headphones sound great and fit amazing in my ears, these are one of my
best pairs to date. If I could get a second pair I would.
    Great product for great price I tried this Bluetooth headphones and it sound
good also waterproof and don’t get out of your your ears when you working out
    ordered to replace my old bluetooth headset. Boltune Headphones is a great
product, glad I purchased it.
    These fit perfectly. Angled in such a way that they don’t fall out. Metallic
connection between ear pieces allow you to wear around your neck. Great sound
quality. Charges very quickly. A step far above standard headphones.
    Working from home due to COVID and needed wireless headphones for conference
calls.  Delivered quickly, set up is simple.  Fit is great...normally find it
hard to find headphones that fit my ears comfortably, but these are super
comfortable.  Ordering a second set for my husband!
    Lasted maybe a year or less.  Will not turn on anymore
    These head phones are great for everything I wanted them for. I found them
to be easily fit as they come with multiple size ear pieces. The battery lasts
way longer than my old pair.
    Nice headset the blue tooth not so much
    Very happy with the quality
    The earbuds fit perfectly, the sound is incredible-easy set up and
convenient to tote with the magnetic earbuds and and small mesh tote. These are
a great deal
    I like theses types of headphones because they can fit in my tiny ear and
stay. Sound quality is quite good and that these have a microphone on it and are
water resistance were a big plus. Also the battery life is really good.
    I bought these for my dad and they’re seeming to meet almost all his
expectations! The only thing is that the battery doesn’t seem to last quite as
long as he was expecting. Other than that, they sound great and fit very
comfortably!
    I like this product. It's easy to pair, connect, and disconnect with several
devices. The sound quality is good an mic operation seemless. It was so good, I
just purchased a second one for my wife.
    Great sound quality and battery life. 4+ hours of music on a single charge.
    Used 4 times and now the right ear has a constant sound of loud Christmas
wrapping paper bring crumpled up over and over perpetually. Gets louder if you
try and turn the volume up to drown it out. Garbage headphones.
    The headphones were very nicely packaged, they work well.  I am pretty happy
with them for both calls and music listening.  After figuring out which
wing/eartip combo worked the best, they stay where they are supposed to.Nice
product!
    Works fine but too much of bass.
    They are really nice sounding. They hold a charge for a while. Haven't fully
charge them yet. My husband says they sounds nicer than inside of our car. Stay
nicely in ear. Pretty cool that they are magnetized also.
    For the price these are very good. They stay in my ears really well and the
sound is good
    Easy to get it to pair with the phone and start using. Short charge time and
the battery hold up good. Build quality is good, audio quality is good on phone
calls and while playing music. Was not able to measure noise cancellation in
calls.
    Good earphones at this price point. Audio is good. Bass is nice, not
overpowering but enough to be able to hear it. I like the flat wire connecting
the ear phones, it doesn't stick to a sweaty neck. Easy to pair and the magnets
are strong.
    I love these headphones! I bought a pair for myself and then a pair for my
husband. They stay put, stick together, hold a long charge and are perfect for
hands free listening or conversing. Highly recommend!
    Just got these and already love them! Sound quality and noise cancellation
is great to stay focused on my work during the day. I also love how portable
they are and how easy they are to throw in my purse or wear on my neck during
the day. Highly recommend!
    Awesome price for an awesome  earphones! Havent had any issues or problems
with battery life. Highly recommended! A great stocking stuffer!
    Great price, sound, waterproof, pretty confortable and doesn't fall out of
my ears.
    Bought these for my son.  He really likes them.
    Absolutely awesome headphones, it’s the second one I bought for my wife same
brand, very clear sound , color is awesome, fast changing, easy to use. I am so
happy with my purchase, no noise at all, and the battery life is awesome. Thanks
Boltune.
    So far I love my Boltune wireless earbuds. The earbuds themselves are
magnetic, so it helps it from twisting together. It came with multiple options
for the earbuds itself, which I like bc in case I loose one or if the current
selection is uncomfortable. So far I'm liking my new buds 👍
    I am quite pleased with the quality of these.  I am also very pleased with
the battery life.  All around a great product at a very reasonable price.  Very
Pleased.
    Thoroughly impressed with an inexpensive pair of earbuds battery life is
shocking Sound quality is very good easily pairs with phone clarity a phone call
is good
    Great headphones! They stay in my ears and don’t fall out like some earbuds
do! Great purchase!
    Stays in my ears
    The product is great Quality, I gave these as a present and decided to buy
another pair for myself. This is a great product, Low cost, durable battery and
amazingly crisp and reliable audio. A must have !
    headphones are super lightweight everything feels quality and sounds very
high quality. i would recommend to anyone for $25 bucks
    Good price for this bluetooth headphones. Love that while running or
exercising or any kind of big movement they don't fall which is a big one for
me. Love the pouch it comes with to store them. They are not heavy at all so you
hardly even notice them. Easy to pair with my phone.
    My girlfriend has these headphones and I am always borrowing them because I
love how secure they are when running. Also love the magnetic feature so you can
hang them around your neck without fear of them falling off.
    Work as expected..
    I use these with my TV transmitter receiver. It pairs easily & works well. I
especially like the voice notifications..
    I really loved these headphones. Good audio quality, really effective noise
canceling, but one earbud stopped working after 4 months.
    I like the magnets, and how they hold in my ears. The bass is decent. Easy
to setup and use. Thanks :)
    This product was easy to pair, charges fast, fits great, sounds awesome and
I’m very pleased with my purchase.
    I can use these for over 8hrs talking on the phone, listening to music and
still have over half a battery at the end if the night
    For $20 wasn't expecting much but they sounded very good voices in songs
were very clear only issues I had was the bass was slightly muddy but hardly
noticeable at a lowere level. Feel good and solid.
    Went to charge these after a run and came back to the smell of burning and
melted plastic. Turns out the headphones were melting. Highly doubt these are
anything resembling IPX7 and a definite hazard to keep around.
    I bought these as a Christmas gift to my son who is rather forgetful so the
tethered together feature works well.  They fit his ears well, he's 11 yrs old.
Everything good so far, great price in case he loses them.
    So far, so good
    This bluetooth headset is solid. and the sound is great! using it as a hands
free device works well, the battery life seems good i have not ran out of
battery time while using it. and the magnetic part the ear piece has great use.
    I was concerned about the quality of $20 headphones, but these complete with
other pairs I paid $60+ for. The bass these things put out is much better than I
would have guessed. The wire isn't as thin as I thought and should last a long
time. Highly recommended product.
    These headphones feel like $100 headphones to me. They are better than my
Bose. Especially great for those that are runners, working outside, any
activities. I have never had any problems with them falling out. Great
headphones!
    These headphones are amazing. The sound quality is superb and the battery
life is long. As someone who travels often, these are the perfect headphones!
Lightweight and well made, I'd recommend them to anyone!
    The headphones were good value for the money, but lasted less than 5 months
before becoming unusable. They no longer charge when plugged in and thus became
useless. Also, difficult to figure out how to contact the seller for a
replacement or refund.
    Most amazing one. Great performance is the first stuff what I got favored
very much. No nasty noisy stuffs and the songs could be listened in a clear way.
Great price is the second one got me satisfied in general. It's an advantageous
deal for me.
    The sound was terrific. I was pleasantly surprised at the built quality.
The right ear just wouldn't stay in. Otherwise, terrific product.
    These headphones feel sturdy. I like how the magnets keep them together when
not in use. I can easily listen to music on my phone while on the lawnmower or
treadmill.
    I must say that if you are looking for cheap really good quality earphones
this is what you want to buy. The noise cancellation is really good and finally
i can workout withiut hearing the gym music as well as my songs.
    Bought as a gift for my boyfriend. No complaints and he seems to enjoy using
them over the cord earbuds now. I’d say it’s worth the price!
    I bought these wireless earphones for my daughter.  She is a runner and
really liked the Boltune.  They are comfortable and have good sound quality.
They also stay in your ears well while running.  Would definitely recommend!
    Initially I loved these. They cancelled outside noise and had great sound
quality. But the sound quality just went downhill after I sweat in them during a
workout. Super disappointed.
    Very happy with these headphones.  Very comfortable, while staying in my ear
unlike other earbuds.  On a three mile walk, I did not have to adjust once.
Sound quality is good and microphone quality seems good as well.  I'd recommend
this purchase
    soo I must have gotten a glitch on my first wireless ear buds, seller
reached out to me and sent me a replacement. I am throughly pleased with the
quality and amazing sound I am experiencing now. Thank you for standing behind
your product, very happy 😊
    These headphones are great! They stay in my ears while running and working
out at the gym. Quality sound for a quality price.
    Great value for the money!  These earbuds are awesome for exercising, they
stay in place and are light weight.  I would definitely get these again!
    These synced very easily to my phone and the sound quality is great.  I
chose these because of price and the magnetic closure so I don’t lose them.m and
they had good reviews.
    I really liked these earbuds.  The sound is great, but they don't fit well
in my ears, so I had to return them.  I really wanted them to work, because they
seem to be great quality and not terribly expensive.
    Great headphones that actually stay in your ear.  I've always had a problem
with headphones falling out and these are great!
    Really like these! They are super comfortable and work great
    Left ear dead in a year. Wire seems broken.Good battery life while alive.
    For the price that I paid, these are the best Bluetooth earbuds I’ve owned.
I’m a runner, and the sweat was no issue, and the earbuds stayed in my ear and
sound great! Highly recommend!
    I like them they seem to be ok thanks
    So far so good! I haven't had any problems with battery life and to my
admittedly untrained ear the sound quality is fine. No problems with regular
amount of wetness from heavy rain or sweat, haven't tried using in the pool
though.
    I loved the first pair I bought, but eventually they don't hold a charge.
The first pair lasted a few months, the second barely has lasted two weeks.
Disappointing because the first pair I had was impressive until all this.
    Excelente sonido, fácil de conectar, liviano y conveniente sistema de imán
para asegurarlo
    These were a gift for my adult kids and they both love these ear buds. They
say the sound quality is awesome and so is the call quality.  We would buy them
again.
    The appearance is good, the sound quality is also very good, it can be used
for sports or going out, and it is waterproof.
    BOOM!!BEST BLUETOOTH BUDS BY BOLTUNE!!!YEEEEAAAAA.
    LOVE. These are everything I wanted for a fraction of the cost. I’m a runner
and needed something lightweight and that wouldn’t fall out of my ears with the
impact of movement. These are perfect. Great battery life as well as sound
quality. Highly recommend
    Recently wore these in an airport/on a plane. They were fairly comfortable,
slipped out of the ear a bit on one side but overall not bad. Fantastic sound
quality. They are not really noise cancelling but they are a far sight better
than the ones I previously had so I'm happy with them.
    A really nice pair of headphones, especially for the price. Light weight,
good sound, solid and comfortable fit and long battery life. All in all a great
pair of headphones. The sound is really good, but not fantastic...but what did
you expect for this price point?
    I've been using these headphones interchangeably from my cellphone to my
computer and the transitions are so simple. They are comfortable and the battery
lasts a long time. I'm very happy with my purchase.
    This is exactly what I was looking for.  Good quality, light, comfortable
earphones that won’t brake the bank.  I’ve had them for a week now and I
couldn’t be happier.
    Bought two good at noise cancellation, long battery life they both work
great but wire between ear buds needs to be a little longer to go around the
neck of a real person.  Would buy again though.
    I love how they cancel all the noise around you and you can focus on The
music your listening to , the battery life is amazing and they fit very
comfortably I don’t have any complaints might end up buying a second pair to
give to a friend
    Good quality sound for the price.
    I love these, but when I connect them- I have to forget the device
EVERYTIME. Then turn off the Bluetooth and on again and search for new devices.
Otherwise it’s an amazing product.
    Good quality.
    This is my second boltune earphone and I can see improvement in this model.
It fits well in ear, sound quality and battery life is good.
    These headphones are perfect. I ride a motorcycle and like to be able to
answer my phone or listen to music while I'm riding and these are perfect for
that. Very quick shipping too. Definitely would buy again.
    These are a good headset... and come with a few different sized tips, which
is nice.
    First product didn’t work, but great customer service and they sent me a
replacement pair
    Noise cancelling is so good I have to keep one earbud out while wearing at
work.  Battery life is better than expected!  The quality is what I would expect
from a much pricier item.
    My favorite part is the battery life!
    These headphones work great for my 12 year old to run with.  He had trouble
with other headphones not staying in his ears.  These probably could fit a
little better which is why I only gave 4 stars, but the fact they stay in while
he runs is a win!
    Comfortable! Sound quality for media and music is decent. More importantly,
audio is clear and crisp on calls. Battery life is impressive lasting the entire
day for me so overall these headphones do not disappoint!
    Comfortable and decent sound quality. Not bad for the price.
    I only use it for audio books, it works great.
    Customer service was amazing to work with. They quickly solved my problem by
sending a replacement. Replacement works great. With 3 teenagers these get
misplaced often and I will definitely be buying these again!
    I am enjoying these so far!  I use them for running.  I really like they
magnet together so they stay around me neck when they are not in my ears.
    Slight buzzing noise when there is no music playing, and you can still hear
a little amount of background noise. Overall great battery life & very easy to
pair with my iPhone! They do also fall out of my ears when I run (but I get that
with every type of headphone).
    Super easy to pair and to use. Was a gift for my husband. I like how it’s
adjustable for ear comfort with various “padding” sizes. Great value!
    I have nothing to say about these headphones! They are amazing! The sound
quality is magnificent! It's very easy to charge, and the battery life is long.
It is also easy to pair with phones or tablets.
    I like the sound quality but I do not like the fact that the battery is in
the control rather than in the earbud. The weight tend to pull the bud out of my
right ear.
    Excellent set of Bluetooth headphones for a great price, fit perfectly into
your ears and I love that they are sweat proof!
    The ear bud itself is huge. Sticks out of my ears way too far for comfort
and even with the different sized pieces, still couldn’t get them to fit
comfortably
    Love it!  Can hear my music as I love around house without disturbing
others!
    I’ve really enjoy these Bluetooth headphones. The sound quality is much more
than I expected for this price point. They’re also very comfortable with three
different sizes of both the loop for the outside of the ear and inner ear too.
Highly recommend product.
    They are like 100 dollar pods. Great for hiking and just answering my phone
    Excellent ear buds. Far better quality than I expected for such reasonably
priced buds. Great low end and really crisp highs make these great buds at any
price.
    These were just what i was looking for......great sound... a great
price...long battery life...easy to operate...and comfortable to wear.5 STARS
    Comfortable, great quality. Easy to use. Love the magnetic feature so they
stay on my body if I'm not listening.
    Excellent headphones! Sound, comfort, design are all much better than my
previous headphones by a different brand. These are not cheaply made. Shipping
was extremely fast and they arrived earlier than expected!
    I love these head phones. i  got them for my walks  but never take off
because I can sit in the pool, answer my phone and they stick together so i
don't loose them.  They are very comfortable in your ears also
    Long battery life and good sound quality.
    These headphones are great for the price. The sound quality and noise
cancellation is great. The earbuds are comfortable and stay in my ears. They
even come with a cute little pouch!
    The Boltune Blutooth headphones are a pleasant surprise.  I was skeptical
about the comfort and quality.  The sound quality is superb and they are very
comfortable.  Charging and setting it up was very easy.  Great value!
    Charge last's a long time! Magnets make earbuds impossible to drop, unless
you drop with them. Best sound I've had from a pair of earbuds ever. Sound
cancellation may interfere with good parenting. 😉
    I received the headset yesterday and tried it for one night.  The sound
quality is great, watching movies and listening to songs is great.  My wife also
tried it, and she liked it very much, she said she wanted one too  and now I
want to buy another one.
    Excellent quality.  Easy to set up.  Love the snap together feature!
    I haven't ran into any bugs or problems with these headphones, no problems
with signal interference. Has simple three button controls that make it easy to
remember how to enter pairing mode.
    I bought this for my dad for his birthday to use with his phone. He's been
using it daily and he loves the headphones. Pretty happy with my purchase.
    Purchased these headphones Feb. 5, they stopped taking a charge by mid-April
and do not work at all.  Until they broke they were good headphones but not
worth the price for just 2 1/2 months.
    Cardboard eco packaging was nice... wish the earphones themselves weren’t in
plastic. Very comfortable, sound good, great deal for money.
    I bought these for my husband. He wanted a Bluetooth pair that was still
attached. He loves the convenience of adjusting volume and next.  They fit
comfortably in his ears.  Great purchase ! I’m
    They sound good and fit very well I needed some wireless earbuds that would
last at least 8hr this last the whole day so definitely would recommend it.
    I bought these for my son who is a teenager. I get caught having one sided
conversations because I don't realize that he's wearing them. Noise cancellation
must really work!!!
    well worth it for $27.00. i have a pair of jaybirds tera pro's that i paid
160.00 for and these boltone blows them away
    It s been just few days since I bought it. I like the sound quality so far.
It is P/P product.I was using anker soundbuds slim before. It stopped working in
less than 1 year.If I compare to anker, boltune sound quality is better. But
anker is more comfortable.
    I bought this because of all of the 5 star reviews and the price. I am not
disappointed.  It is very comfortable and has a great sound quality.
    Very comfortable headphones. Noise cancellation is excellent and sound
quality is amazing! Would definitely recommend!
    Great bang for your buck! They were ready to use out of the box. Connected
very quick and they sound pretty good. Overall they are doing a great job for
me.
    Amazing sound! Fits perfectly and doesn't fall out during my most intense
workouts. Great quality and great sound, at this price point there is nothing
better!!
    For the cost these they are really great sounding and comfortable. Love the
little mesh bag they come in as well.
    Exactly as advertised! Easy to use, easy to pair with my watch or phone, and
the sound quality is much better than expected. No regrets purchasing this at
all, as it exceeds my expectations all around. I may buy another one for my
wife!
    Pairs well. Battery lasts ridiculously long -- the fewer charges I need to
make, the less wear on the charge port.  Sound quality is as good as I can
discern at 50+ years. Comfortable either in ear or worn around my neck.
    This set of headphones are sweet! Three sizes of earpieces, piece of cake to
set up bluetooth, stylish, totally convenient with the magnet on the sides.
Highly recommend!
    I'm very happy with these Bluetooth headphones. Since they arrived I've been
using them non-stop and they're performing perfectly.
    Really good headphone for running. They stay in your ear and block out they
sound of you huffing and puffing. Also have a really long battery life. I've had
my headphones for over 2 weeks now and I have only needed to charge the twice.
    These earphones were just as advertised. They provide a great sound quality
and charged up really fast. The only problem is that now that my husband is try
them, he wants his own pair! Great product for a great price!
    Good sound quality, however - the microphone is terrible, can't make calls
with it.
    I use these to listen to music everyday. I love that they aren’t wired to my
phone so I can wear them without worrying about my getting pulled out of my
pocket. Great sound- very happy with this purchase.
    Very pleased with the product.It is able to pair to 2 devices at the same
time. Might experience some drops here and there but overall very solid
performance for the price!Very comfy as well
    Great headphones! I can use them for over a week at the gym without having
to charge them. I lost my first pair and knew I wanted to buy another pair just
like them. I’ve been happy with this brand!
    Most liked the range, better than most.  Comfort is good, battery life great
as well.  Great value for the money!
    I got these because my previous headphones broke. As a student, I'm on a
budget so wanted something that was quality and affordable. I use these everyday
studying in the library! These were just what i needed. You won't be
disappointed.
    Great sound for the price. I can walk or run and they don't fall out. Sturdy
but loose enough around the neck. I'd recommend them.
    Very nice product without selling your first child.
    This is the 3rd one I have bought. First one for my uncle and it works
really nice. Then, my aunts heard about it and want it as well. Extremely
satisfied!
    I purchased this product and I haven't had it for not even a month and the
headphones mic to answer phone calls and speak when making the calls doesn't
work anymore, so I am disappointed with this purchase.
    Great sound and easy to use!
    They seem to work great, sound was nice, i had a bit of a hard to me at
first with them staying in, but I figured out the right size and now they're
good. Great for my jigs!!
    Arrived earlier then expected, still adjusting the  to get a good fit, but
overall I like them a lot
    These work great for the price which was surprising. They have a great
battery life and quick charging. Not very good at noise cancelation. But an
overall great product for the price!
    Love this earphones. Affordable and good quality. My airpods’ microphones
for some reason died out. I switched to use this and have no regrets ever since.
    These ear buds are roughly the same price as my previous ones and definitely
feel like an upgrade! They’re a great addition to my workouts. Great quality for
the price.
    I got these because my other cheap earbuds do not fit anymore. I am very
impressed with the quality for the cost. Definitely not top quality sound, but
honestly for under $30 you get some really decent noise cancellation.
    These were such a great value that I bought 3 pairs, one for each of us so
we can be hands free in the car and at the gym.
    Got these earphones to replace the set I lost. Very impressed with this
product. They fit well and stay on during the exercises even while jogging. Good
sound quality, connect easily to my phone. Happy with my purchase.
    Love these headphones! They stay in place while moving around and running
and have great sound quality. Very long battery life, been using them for 3 days
straight and still going.
    This is my second pair of these, first ones lasted a couple of years! I use
them almost everyday when I’m running.
    I love that these headphones stay in when doing HIIT/plyometric-type
workouts, sound quality is good for the price. The play button was messed up so
I had to exchange them but overall pretty good quality for the price
    These are the best headphones I’ve ever owned!  They sound great and the
batteries stay charged for 16 hours.  Wow!
    Battery life seems to be really good so far. There is a slight static sound
when there is nothing playing, but I'm not sure it that's the headphones fault.
So far they work really well and sound good.
    Pretty good earphones for the cost.
    This bluetooth headphones have a very good sound quality! It are
comfortable, have a long battery life, are waterproof and includes a carrying
case. Are perfect for use it for answers my phone calls. I would recommend this!
    These are great and at a reasonable price, I bought 2 pair.
    These headphones stopped holding a charge after two months of use.  They
show as charging and will work briefly but die in minutes.  Very disappointed in
the product.  Do not buy.
    Really great and simple to use. Over time, the battery life does decrease.
But that is acceptable at this price point. These are my go-to ear buds and they
also make a great gift.
    the product it's perfect, the sound it's really good and the batery get me
pluged all day, the bluetooth range it's very good, higly recomended....
    Had it for over a month now and despite the excellent battery life the left
earbud sizzles all the time. Used it about 6 times and I need new headphones
already.
    Product arrived in a timely manner and was nicely packaged! I bought this as
a gift and they absolutely love the headphones. Great quality for a great price!
I am very satisfied with the sound quality, noise cancellation, and the battery
life.
    Good deal for the price.  The magnet helps keep them on my head and they fit
well, unlike other headphones I’ve used. I would recommend them.
    Good quality product. The headphones were easy to turn on and had quality
sound. The connection extended a great distance. I was very pleased with the
product.
    Nice head phones
    I really was impressed with these! My gf has jbl’s that I used to borrow and
the battery doesn’t last nearly as long and they weren’t as loud either! I’ve
bought another two pairs since! Thanks!
    Very comfortable. My all time fave.
    The headphones are made well, easy to use and have very good sound quality.
I just received them today, paired them to my iphone and I'm ready to go. So far
I am very happy.
    Died within a month, if you don't use them for working out you may be okay
but they definitely don't stand up to sweat.
    The sound quality as well as the noise cancelling ability of nearly
eliminating everything (and everyone) around me makes it easier to work now!
wohoooooo
    With average use I expect a set of these to last at least 6 months. Don’t
waste your money. 3 weeks and they don’t work anymore. Very disappointed. Spend
your money elsewhere.
    My first wireless pair of ear buds and they are great. I like the
convenience of having the cord hanging around my neck. The buds stay in place in
my ears well, too.
    Arrived quickly in great condition, paired easily with my iPhone, and the
earbuds fit well right out of the box. Sounds quality is nice for the price.
Quite happy.
    Works great
    Clear Sound, good outer appearance but for physical activity purposes like
running or any kind of sports it drops down quickly from the ear, doesn't hold
much longer in the ear during physical activity.
    Very pleased with the fit of these headphones. They provide a few different
ear bud sizes for the perfect fit. The sound quality is much better than any
head phones that I've owned before.
    I love the options of ear sizes.
    This product was above and beyond what I expected the sound quality it great
plus they give you every size earbud to possibly fit your ear. The battery
charges fast and last a really long time. This is a steal for the price!
    I bought these because my old headphones died. These are great for my
workouts. Sound is great and light in weight on my ears. The only gripe is no
mic for using my phone. Overall best headphone purchase for my workouts.
    Great sound. Really comfortable. Stays in ear securely.
    Is a good product bat they don't have to much bass
    Great product, I wear these for exercising and travel and love them! I've
even been able to use these to take calls while I'm cycling with no noise
complaints. Great price and quality!
    I've tested these headphones both running and with my weight room workout
and they stayed securely in my ears with no trouble! The sound quality is pretty
good, especially for the price.  Leagues above my $20 pair I had before.
    These are great for the price and the battery life is amazing. I’ve had them
for more than a month and use them when I go to the gym. I have yet had to
charge them !! & They don’t slip out of my ear. Easy to use. Sound is good.
    I got my daughter these and she loves them! Great quality and amazing
battery life!
    I use these headphones for working out at the gym. They work fabulously. And
love the price. Highly recommend!
    Great product! Well worth it. My young child uses them for distance learning
for P.E. Sound is great and stays in the ear. The ergonomic form of the buds do
not hurt. Very comfortable.
    Battery life is fantastic. My only complaint is how large the buds are. They
don't fall out of my ears but they're still very bulky.
    The mic stoped working 🙁
    Definitely a great product for the price. Music sounds great while I’m
walking outside and when I talk on the phone on them people say I sound
perfectly clear.
    Battery would only last 8 hours or so after 6 months. I’ve had them for
almost 7 months and today they stopped charging.  Voice sounds muffled to
whoever you are talking to.
    Headphones fit perfectly in my ear after I found the right size, good bass,
battery lasts 2 or 3 days on a full charge listening about 6 hours a day.
Overall great headphones.
    Bluetooth is very good, good sound quality, inexpensive, no noise, moderate
volume, clear sound, no intermittent sound. Any mobile phone can be connected.
    Great headphones very useful for counseling out noise
    Sounds clear and loud. No issues hearing the person on the other end or
people hearing me during call. Batter life even amazed me!
    I used this one day and my husband told me I sounded like I was talking
through a tin can and he heard everything in the background.
    This is my second time buying boltune bluetooth headphones and I'm really
satisfied. The sound quality and noise cancellation properties are definitely
worth the price and they're quite sturdy in design.
    Great product for the price. Seller shipped fast. Nice packaging and all
accessories.
    I really like these earbuds! They fit well in my ears without causing pain
after hours of wear. I also like the magnetic feature, it helps them not slip
off when not in use. Highly recommend!
    The sound is awesome! Really can here the base in music. Came in as expected
time fram. The only thing I didn't like was how big they are length wise in the
ear. But all in all really nice earphones.
    Perfect for the gymMy ears are pretty small so air pods don’t work for me
but they are light and come with different sizes so they fit great in my ear and
they’re affordable they don’t break the bank
    Good quality so far. The design is good.
    These earbuds are a great deal! Battery life exceeded my expectations.I use
them for workouts, working outside or just around the house and they are great
for everything!Great value for the money!
    it's a light weight, comfortable headphone. especially, i like its magnetic
design :) very nice design for gym and daily use.
    I love how these fit in my ear, and create a nice seal to cancel the outside
noise. Great for running inside or outside and doing all kinds of yard work.
Sound is fantastic, and plenty loud to hear while using
    Amazing quality for the price. I tend to have trouble with earbuds not
fitting my ears well, but these fit me perfectly. I have not experienced sound
this good anywhere near this price point before.
    Nice headphones, and good company to work with if you run into any issues.
    These earbuds are alot more bulky then I thought they were, noise
cancellation is limited, but battery life is great so the bulkyness is
understandable. I wouldn't buy again I don't think but I am mostly satisfied.
    Everything worked really well for about a month and a half - about two weeks
after the return window closed. Then they stopped working altogether.  Won’t
accept a charge or even turn on any more.
    Product would not take a charge. Did not received support from company.
    This is for my grandson that is autism, this is wonderful for him. Great
protection for the protection on “one of those day”. He LOVES Batman and
soooooooo exciting when he saw it. Alot of other ppl “I got it...WHERE can I
find it???”
    The sound quality was awful, it sounded like a crappy mp3 download. Returned
this item
    Good quality bluetooth earbuds that are perfect for running. Comfortable,
good sound quality, and don't fall out!
    I have used the headphones while working my 12 hour shifts and never have
any issue with the battery life. The sound quality is really good as well.
    Easy to set up, sounds great, and comfortable in the ears.
    Please note that the Boltune Bluetooth headsets do not stay in the ears as
demonstrated by the pictures. Must show a tutorial on installing the headset.
    has a great sound and very light.  Bought for a race Saturday it will be
great.
    These are really good headphones. My husband uses them at the gym and says
they stay put. He likes the sound quality. They look pretty cool lit up. It's
great that they come with several sizes of ear buds so you can get proper fit.
    These are good headphones with long battery life. But the battery suddenly
failed to hold charge after about 10 months.
    excellent phone, convenient daily to use, but the charger connection has an
issue after half-year, then they replace a new one for me, and it works fine
    The headphones are a little bulky but I highly recommend because they have
magnets on the ends so when your not wearing them they stay on your neck like a
necklace. Battery life is awesome!!!!
    Really good headphones
    Had a pair and lost them. I wanted the same pair and found it on Amazon!
Great sound quality.
    I’m a simple man who likes his music and these headphones are exactly what I
needed. Also, if anyone has concern about earphones falling out of your ear then
these will be great for you
    Great pair of head phones. Very comfortable and great sound for the price.
Just wish it came with a clip for the wire to attach to my shirt while I
exercise. No major complaints though solid product.
    After using my headphones for a few days, the quality of the music was clear
and I had no problem making calls.Suitable for any occasion
    Excellent quality earbuds and the stay in your ear really well. They battery
life is amazing and they have decent bass and are incredibly clear. Would 100%
reccomend these to anyone looking for quality bluetooth earbuds
    I use them to watch tv at night so I don't disturb my husband, thehbatery
life is at least 9-10 hours , the sound is great. Bery easy to pair.Highly
recomend
    Very comfortable and battery lasts long.  Stay on no matter how intense my
workouts are and definitely a good price.
    Very nice product. Good quality and sound. Recommend
    Using while running and exercising
    Quick charging, easy set up/pairing.  Great bass sound.  Not sure about the
battery life yet.I just now tried these, but so far a great purchase for the
price!
    I enjoyed this product it 16 hours battery life help me listen to music
while working around the house and the noise cancellation is excellent.
    Good value for the money.
    LUV THEM!!!!!!These bluetooth are very Light and have a very clear sound.
They charge veryfast too!!The best bluetooth i have ever purchased. Very happy
    Very comfortable with multiple ear pieces to size. Sound is good. Haven't
had a chance to truly test the battery life, but it charged quickly!
    Pairs easily, sounds good, good passive noise cancelation with earplug
design, inexpensive. What else do you need
    These headphones are fantastic! Great sound quality and so easy to connect!
    Great product for the price point. Excellent ear seal for stability and
noise cancellation properties. I highly recommend these.
    Good performance, would give a 5 stars but these should come with clips as
mine pull out of my ear over time as my head turns.
    Best Bluetooth headphones!  Easy to connect and very comfortable to wear!
Always wanted a wireless headset!  These definitely do the job!  Great price for
these too!
    I bought this headphone for my boyfriend and he loves it!Perfect bluetooth
headphone with good sound quality and sleek design.
    Been searching for some decent quality, reasonably priced ear buds that work
for small ears.  I think I found them!  Only used for a couple days, but so far,
so good!
    Honestly my favorite pair of headphones. Last all day of constant use. And
sound fire.
    These headphones are super comfortable and hold a charge for a really long
time. For the price compared to other Bluetooth headphones...these are
definitely worth it!
    Sound is great, battery life is great, comfortable and stays in ears while
active, great price! Very happy with this product!
    Ordered these to use on my commute to work, for working out and even at
work. Can’t really ask for more out of a pair of earphones. Sound quality is
good, product looks and feels high quality. Glad I ordered these!
    Work as expected for the price.
    The sound quality is great. I've had a lot of ear buds, but these by far are
the best.
    Great noise cancelling and light weight hd quality sound. Magnetic is very
convienent.
    Very pleased with the headphones.  Love the quality of sound and the
extremely long battery life.  Only issue is with pairing.  I have to pair them
each time regardless of what source I am using.
    I love this product!
    Nice headphones long battery great sound and i love the magnets
    Great headphones for the price. Long range Bluetooth, long lasting battery,
and clear audio. Calls are clear and mic works well. Happy with my purchase.
    I've had several pairs of bluetooth headphones. These are great and they
perform as good as some of the more expensive one out there. They have great
battery life so you can use them for hours.p
    Not worth it. First one worked for less than a month. Got a replacement and
it worked for a few more months and it stopped working again completely.
    Everything is perfect. the headphones works very well
    Good sound quality, light weight, running won't fall off, the battery is
very durable, very good
    I use these for studying, running, and canceling out annoying noises. It
works great for all of these, amazing sound quality for the price. I highly
recommend these.
    These are awesome, very light weight and fit perfectly to my ears. The sound
is great.
    When it's  connected it has good sound and noise cancellating but it keeps
disconnecting randomly. This is my 2nd boltune I use and they both have the same
issue
    Great product. It came in a small package including replacement ear pads and
a small mesh bag for carrying them around conveniently. My husband was so
impressed I had to order a second pair for him!
    Love everything about this headset. Sound quality is exactly/battery life is
what I look for in a headset. I recommend you won't regret the purchase.
    I like this set of headphones for its ease of use and product design. Fits
well in my ears and stays put for running.
    Very practical Bluetooth headset, no noise, very good sound quality,
convenient to answer calls, great music listening experience, convenient button
operation, a very satisfying shopping! thanksgiving!
    I'm happy with this purchase. Sound quality is good. They fit in my ears.
Noise cancelation is better than with regular ear buds. Would recommend.
    These were a gift for my mother, she loves them! She was tired of the cord
connected to her phone but she didn’t want anything too heavy on her neck. This
was the perfect purchase for her.
    Great sound. Long battery life.
    The sound from these headphones are amazing. The bass is loud and exactly
what I’m looking for when I’m working out. Not sure about battery life cause I
just got them but other than that love them.
    These head phones are exactly as promised. Excellent sound quality, good
noise cancelling, and the battery life is incredible. I am very pleased with
this purchase.
    Good sound, three sizes, just a little bit bigger than I though it would be
but I really like it
    They stopped working about a week after they arrived. This is clearly not
the norm, just another data point.The sound quality was fine, but had a slight
background fuzz when the media was silent.
    The direction the product came from were really helpful! It also comes with
a little bag to keep the head phones in, and there are changeable ear pieces. I
am happy with these(:
    Amazing! I definitely don’t regret that I bought this headphones!! I even
ordered another one for my dad. Good rich sound. It’s easy to use, my ears don’t
get tired while wearing it.
    Love these. I have tried bud, pods and other headsets but these are the best
for me.
    So far so good. Was impressed with the sound. The noise cancellation is also
good for the the price. Will write another review in a month or two.
    They were great for sound,noise, battery life. However they will not charge
after only 30 days??
    I  strongly recommend this Bluetooth headset. The range of music can accept
highs and lows, and stimulate them to obtain solid hearing enjoyment.
    Excellent battery life!
    Super comfortable, favorite headphones I’ve ever had. Sometimes come out
when I’m doing more vigorous exercise (like burpees) but I could try to use the
smaller pads it comes with.
    I love the comfort. I dislike that I've lost them.
    I got a new phone, so I needed new headphones.  These wireless headphones
get the job done.  Love them!
    First time to Use EarPhones.....i have been reading a lot as I am waiting
for BACK SURGERY...So I am more than Pleased with My Choice....Actually, very
Impressed!!!!
    Great battery life and well-made. A little larger than I would like, but
everything else about them outweigh that issue.
    Battery won’t last not even two hours, even after all night charging.Update:
Customer service has been very supportive, so I change my review. They offer me
to replace them for a new one.
    Sounds good and the battery life is impressive so far. I just had to change
out the earpiece for a larger size (included) to hear much bass. They are
comfortable to wear and easy to use.
    Great headphones , long battery life , Great Sound and quality , Last a long
time , for the price you cannot go wrong .
    For awesome wireless headphones, that don't break the bank, these are the
ones to go with. They are comfortable to wear, and they hold a charge well. Very
satisfied with them!
    So far so good with these headphones. Sound quality is great for the price!
Haven’t got to really see how the battery life hold up but they feel real
durable and are of nice quality.
    This is my third Boltune headphones. Love the long battery life and quality
of the headphones. Very pleased with my purchase.
    The battery lasts forever with these, I use them daily and maybe charge once
every 3 days. They connect fine, they sound great, I’m completely happy with
them.
    Bought a pair for my mother. She loves it! Especially for working at home.
The range is exceptional. Audio quality is great for the price.
    I am so glad having this product with this price, fit to my ear, perfect
sound and battery life is awesome.I am enjoying it. I am definitely buy more for
a gift.
    Love these! They have great sound quality, hold a charge longer than I
expected, and I can go all over the gym without losing signal.
    I love these headphones. The noise cancellation really works and the sound
quality is great. The play time is an plus as well.
    I got these headphones for my mom to use on her daily walks and she loves
them. The sound is fantastic and it is perfect for her. Easy to connect and use.
    Seems to work well for video calls - mic doesn't pic up too much background
noise.
    Bought these for use at work, and probably one of the best purchases i've
made. Battery life is phenominal, sound quality is great and they are very
secure in your ears. Highly recommended
    Earbuds are quiet for working from home.  Noise-cancelling is of good
quality.  No setup and pair with my mobile devices for videos calls.  Can't wait
to try these during a workout!
    Great headphones. You can purchase them with no worries
    Compared to other head phones, at first they seemed too heavy/bulky and that
they might fall out, however after testing with several runs they stay snug in
the ear. I would buy again.
    Got these bad boys in a day ahead of schedule and I can already tell you
they sound great and fit perfectly in my ear! I can't wait to go on a run with
them
    These will quit after about 2 or 3 months.  I only use these when I work out
so I do sweat.  I guess you get what you pay for.
    Great for the pool when doing river walking exercises. Great sound.  They
are a bit heavy but it a good reminder that you have them on.
    Great sound and quality. Wasn’t sure what to expect for $30, but it was
worth it!! Stays charged all day. Multiple ear pieces.
    It’s a sturdy product. Not flimsy. Good sound. Fits ears very well.
    Sound really good and feel like they are good quality.
    So far, so good! I use my Bluetooth earbuds exclusively for the gym. These
have had very good sound, much better pairing and ability to stay connected, and
great battery life to this point.
    These are great ear buds. They pair easily with devices and provide
excellent sound - especially for a set under $30. Battery life is great. Very
pleased with this purchase.
    Great earbuds for a low price
    Great product, arrived neatly packaged. Quality is great for the price.
    I am enjoying the product and love the quality for the price. The only
drawback I can think of is the wire but it’s is really not a problem. Thanks!
    Great earbuds for a great price. Battery life is amazing.
    Headphones sopped working, don't hold your breath for a review gift card....
    Love my boltune headphones, I was skeptical with it being such a low price
but sounds great and easy to use. Definitely recommend.
    So far I’m satisfied with the Boltune wireless headset. I’ve paired it to my
iPhone 8+ and Lenovo Flex 15 computer.
    Very comfortable, sounds great and has great noise cancellation. The
magnetic ends are a great touch for not losing the headphones when not in use.
    Overall it is a great product, I wish it would come with a clip to attach to
the shirt. 
    This is my second time to order same one, one for phone, one for ipad. Love
them, convenience and great experience.
    I already wrote a review but since I have really used them they are amazing!
Sound, battery wow they are the best I ever had
    Sound is good fitment is good the buttons just feel good, overall Quality is
good
    Very good quality and comfort .Noise cancellation is very good ,and easy to
pair.
    Great while they lasted but will no longer charge. Only used them for a few
months and since they died they will not charge. Super frustrating
    The microphone doesn’t work well for phone calls unless you’re holding it
up.They also completely stop working after about 40 days.
    Excellent value for price
    Great product for the money. The battery life, magnet feature and sizing
options make this an awesome wireless headphone option. I bought these for my
wife for Christmas and she loves them.
    Quality is good and the best part is the design, I've seen others failing
easily during workout and also I've charge only once a week it takes less time
to charge.
    Excelent headphones! Very comfortable in the Hear. Very nice sound.
    Granted that I'm only using them to listen to my podcasts at work and movies
and whatnot at home, these are a great quality product for the price.
    The product is not very comfortable to wear. The sound and sound
cancellation are okay. Not good for phone calls.
    It's a good product for the price. The sound quality is good and the battery
life is great. Also, they stay in your ear even during workouts.
    This Headset sound good. Packaging is excellent. This is one of the best
investment i have made. I am happy with my purchase. I would recommend the
seller and the product.
    Good battery life, nice size and fit. The actual pod has his weight to it so
it feels nicer than the plastic ones.
    I received these headphones about a week ago and still haven’t had to
recharge them. They have amazing battery life and excellent sound. They are also
very comfortable
    It was good
    Excellent
    Amazing quality, loved everything about it! Highly HIGHLY RECOMMEND
    I just received my headset and it's very nice. I would definitely recommend
this headset to anyone, especially those who are very athletic, workout daily.
    This is a great product.  Call Clarity is amazing. Music sound quality is
phenomenal for the price.  Great purchase.  Would purchase again!
    Great sound quality. Comfortable to wear!
    Performed as advertised, decent quality for the money
    The earbuds came quickly. They seem to be functioning very well. They stay
in the ear and don't fall out (an issue I have had with other earbuds). Highly
recommend!
    I use this to listen to music and videos on my phone. I didn’t realize how
crummy my old ones were until receiving and using these!
    They just arrived and they look nice.  They are a little large but fit &
look nice, work well for working out and are much louder than I expected for
wireless earbuds.
    Comfortable, stay in ear, long battery, strong magnet to stay in place when
not in use makes it great because they don’t fall off
    Great product well worth the money. I like that they also give you extra ear
pieces too. They sound great and feel comfortable while wearing them.
    These are great earphones but they stopped working. They don’t turn on
anymore. I’ve had them for more than a month. Rip earphones
    Great sound, great quality, perfect little carrying bag for keeping them in
my purse.
    I have tried many in ear headphones and these are by far the best I have
ever tried. This is my second pair!
    Bought these for my for Mother’s Day and she loves them! She started a new
job this week and wasn’t a fan of the headset provided, so I surprised her with
these!
    Not a bad product for the price.
    Great headphones for a really reasonable price. Good quality, comfortable
fit and stylish design-perfect for gym workouts.
    Battery life is outstanding. Would purchase again. Easy to connect and
comfortable.
    So far, I really like my new Boltune Bluetooth Heaphones. The sound quality
is great. The only thing I don't like is the wing that pops out of the ear buds.
Everything else is great!
    After two weeks, they are / have:- Comfortable- Compact- Durable- Long
battery lifeHighly recommended.
    These headphones are very good. They are exactly like the soundpeats ones I
had before, except they last longer. They fit really nicely in your ear and
won't fall out easily.
    These headphones are sweet! Great sound, nice fit, great connectivity up to
long distances. Highly recommend.
    These are really good wireless earbuds that stay in place, even with
movement. He battery life is excellent. They fit well and aren’t uncomfortable
in my ear.
    Very pleased with the sound and battery life!
    Omg! I absolutely love these!! Definitely worth getting!!!
    It's great and came fast
    These are are a great value.  The sound quality is excellent, the fit is
comfortable and stable, the battery life is as advertised.  You cannot beat
these for the price.
    These headphones are perfect for running. They fit very snugly in the ear
and the sound quality is great. Very happy with the purchase.
    The sound quality is great! The battery life is why I purchased these and
they last all day and then some! Pretty good product! Would recommend.
    I really loved how it fit on my ear. Also, thought the sound quality was
good. However, the battery didn't last as long as advertised.
    Work as advertised. Great sound quality and easy to pair with computer and
iPhone. Microphone seems to be fine. Comfortable to wear.
    Have used headphones a couple of times since receiving them and they appear
to work well so far.
    Works great and easy to put on. I got it at a good price and it came fast. I
really love it and I would recommend buying it. These headphones are amazing.
    Left earbud went bad after only a few runs, common issue in these types of
headphones.
    Love the magnetics to help me not lose them when out riding ! Great bass and
noise cancelation for highway noise too.
    It fit nicely into my ear and did not fall out when I ran.  The noise
cancellation is good for what you paid for and its simple and easy to
use/connect to.
    Great headphones, with awesome sound quality and long battery life
    Sound quality was way better than I had expected, nice sound for a low cost
item. Also it comes with multiple ear size piece for a proper fit. They stayed
in well while I was running
    I really love my new wireless headphones.  The sound quality is great and
the battery life is amazing! I highly recommend them.
    Delivery was quick. Very good quality ordered them for me and my wife to be
able to listen to music. Then ordered another pair for my friend and he loves
them.
    Love them. I can mow the lawn and listen to good music.  Makes work fun
    These are create, not to bulky and fit perfectly in my ears. some of my
favorite bluetooth headphones! perfect for running!
    Comfortable, easy to use, very good at noise cancellation. I would recommend
them. Definitely worth their price.
    Good sound quality, works great for running! The bag is a great added bonus
to keep track of the headphnes when I am not using them!
    So far, so good. Far better sound than any of the other similar-fitting
earbuds I’ve used. As far as fit is concerned, it’s very comfortable.
    Cheap, but worth it
    Love these earbuds! Mainly use them at the gym and they have held up quite
nicely so far!
    These are great, I work around loud machines all day. They help with
drounding out the noice and also produce a great sound.
    Only lasted about two months. Battery won’t charge. Not worth buying.
    Sound quality is great, battery life is what surprised me, i use them while
i workout and i easily got a weeks workout done with just one charge, which is
amazing!
    My husband had a pair that I kept using and I loved them so much I bought my
own! I really liked the adjustable ear pads I was able to find the right for me.
    Amazing sound and great base.  Accidentally made a call and my friend said
it was so clear.  Great purchase.
    Worked great during workouts. Stayed in place when other types usually fall
out during working out. Great value!
    Loves these headphones. Amazing sound quality and I don’t even need to
adjust them when I’m running. Highly recommend. Magnets are slightly heavy but
still stay in ear.
    great unit for the money
    Solid headphones for their price.  Seamless functionality with iPhone
bluetooth.  Charge quickly and work well through a workout or run.
    I like them. Is better than nothing. Thanks :D
    I got these for my birthday from my kid and I like them a lot! They sound
good and they get pretty loud.
    These work as expected, nothing fancy but the accessories they come with are
a good plus, for the price these headphones are worth it.
    I need to amend my previous 5star review as these headphones broke apart
after a week. Disappointed.
    comfortable and clear sound
    I love these head phones.  They are so clear and I have awesome sound for my
work outs.
    These are some of the best ear buds I have had in a long time because the
length of time of usage is banging. Great Value 👍
    These headphones are great! I have smaller ears and these fit perfectly and
stay in place during workouts!
    Great headphones the battery last long sound is great and they are
comfortable won't hurt my ears like other headphones.
    Great product! Noise is clear and battery lasts a long time. Storage case is
a little small but not a big deal
    The left ear quit working after a month of use.  I would not recommend
buying these.
    Love that the ear pieces are magentic, great sound quality. Im not a huge of
the ear tips. Pretty good price point for what you get.
    These fit well and are more comfortable than my last pair.  My only
complaint is that they are a little bit more difficult to pair to the bluetooth.
    The price is fair for the quality of the earbuds. I'm enjoying my purchase.
I'd buy again and recommend to a friend.
    This headphones work great and the battery life is excellent.
    I'm a carpenter and use these both for music and as earplugs for loud
machinery. they are great headphones and I'm quite Hppy with them!
    I got these for working out, they came quickly and were very easy to use!
    Love the battery life! They sound great for the cost and they fit my ears
comfortably! Definitely recommend!
    The Sound is great in this headset...at such a great price as well!  Very
nice and I am very pleased
    Sorry I bought 6 pair for family  thinking they would b great but after a
month only one still works
    These are amazing regardless of the price.I tried many other ones and this
one is far the best. I’m very happy with it.
    I have a 100$ earphone and it is matching the quality of that. Noise
cancellation is not so great but the audio and battery life are good.
    Great sound quality and superb battery life. Very convenient in ears.
    Very good sound quality to go along with a long lasting battery make these
the best headphones I have.
    No connection issues and impressive range for the Bluetooth. Stay on very
well. Battery life is as advertised, perhaps even better than advertised.
    Nice and looks greatGreat Purchase
    I use them every day for commuting on the train and love them. Have had them
1 months and they still work great. Battery works great.
    These a great for my walks in the woods! They don’t fall out and sound
great!
    Excellent sound quality and very easy to connect to my phone.  This was a
very good value for such a low price.
    They stay on through sweat and running. The battery lasts long about 4 to 5
days of 1 hour workouts. They are spectacular for the price.
    Awesome headphones! I am using them as I work from home and to make many
phone calls throughout my day. Great value for price.
    Can't beat it for the money, great sound and battery life.
    Works as advertised. Charges quickly and has a pretty good sound quality,
especially for the price
    I love everything about it. It is comfortable, great sound, great noise
canceling.
    The quality is very good and comfortable too like value for money
    Comfortable fit, no problem with them falling out when I’m at the gym. Sound
quality is good. I use them about 8-10 hours a week and charge them once weekly.
    I'm really enjoying these wireless Headphones. I think its great quality for
the price. The magnetic earbuds is a great feature!
    Product Work For A Week Only
    Excellent sound quality...I actually got it mainly for answering phone calls
and it works perfectly for that.
    Great for use at the gym! I bought another pair for myself (the first pair
was for my husband)!We are super pleased with the small case and the magnetic
feature!
    it’s pretty good size and doesn’t slip out . also love the case
    I'm having to learn how to use them, but so far I think Boltune Bluetooth
Headphones are the bomb!!!
    These things are very comfortable and the sound is great. A bit bulky in my
opinion but not enough of an issue to complain about.
    Good sound quality, easy to use, comfortable to wear.
    The battery lasts all day and the sound quality is great.
    Overall good product but length of cords would've been a deciding factor in
purchase. Cord length is to short for my liking.
    I love this headphones. Battery lasts for a long time, sound is great, very
comfortable to wear and very good price!!
    Nice light weight. Great idea with magnets to hold around your neck. Easy
setup. Great sound.
    Got it for my wife for her birthday. She loved it! Definitely a good product
for your fitness minded people in your life.
    Excellent product! Lightweight and comfortable to wear. It was a gift for my
teenage boy and he loves them.
    These are working great for my daily walks. The sound is great and they fit
in my ears nicely.
    This is my second pair. I use these buds for cutting grass to workouts
including running and jumping rope.
    These headphones are worth the dollar.  Great product for an affordable
price.
    Sound is decent, not sure about battery life yet but it did charge up
quickly. It's you typical ear phones.
    Worth it. Sound is good. Stays in my ears when I run.
    Good range, stays in my ears, comfortable, appears very durable, easy to use
controls
    Not satisfied with purchase will not charge at all
    El sonido es perfecto. cumple las expectativas
    Really good
    Really great headphones! You won’t be disappointed
    Clear, accurate product description.  Good quality.  Shipped fast.
Delivered fast.
    Quality sound and super noise-canceling function.
    Sound is awesome. Battery life is much longer than  I expected. Definitely
would buy again!
    Very comfortable to wear, and they don't fall out. They are also very easy
to use (even with multiple devices). The battery life is a few days as well.
    Awesome product, would recommend.
    My only complaint about these headphones is that they’re barely pink. The
sound is great. Definitely recommend these!
    Excellent product Highly recommend.I use mine for running .
    Great product
    These are quality headphones! They do a great job at cancelling out
background noise and their volume range is excellent. My only suggestion would
be to increase the bass.
    Bought these for my husband after I accidentally put his through the wash.
He loves them.
    Headphones work well, light and durable. I also really like how they work
    Bought as gift for my father for Father's Day and he loved the look and
sound especially for the price.
    Ordered these for my husband and he said he loves them! Comfy and sound
great! Easy to pair to his phone and would buy again!
    They are the best! No need for expesive ones!
    I do landscaping grass cutting I have them on every single day love them
    Love the magnetic headphones that keep them together. Long battery life.
    Very good headphones.  They feel like very good quality. I rarely have to
charge them. Very happy with my purchase.
    Very simple to use and great sound quality.  My husband wanted these in
place of air pods and he loves them.
    Thesr bluetooth earbuds are nice. They're loud asf and noise cancellation.
The only bad thing about them is they're bad for running
    These headphones are perfect for the price that they are.
    Very stylish headphones, and at a great cost. Would recommend. They stay in
place when exercising.
    They are surprisingly comfortable and stay in place during running.
    They fit my ears well, and sound quality is better than average. I am glad
that I got these earbuds.
    These airbuds connected easily to my phone and provide great quality.
    These are some of my favorite headphones. They work even better than
expected. Would definitely recommend to anyone!
    Its really great long life battery I worked 10 h shift It never off or give
me low batterysound is good and comfortable wearing
    Great product.
    Whe I cut my lawn.This are the best one I ever have.
    i like the sound better then my last one
    Work and home love everthing about them
    These are great headphones! They fit great in your ears and comfortable to
wear. Would definitely buy more products from this line.
    I really enjoyed this purchase, for a somewhat cheap Bluetooth earbuds it’s
one of the best wireless earbuds I’ve bought in a while
    Love the bass and the sound qualityDefinitely worth it
    I ordered this last minute since I lost my previous headphones. I decided to
try this brand out and I do not regret it all! It’s amazing!
    It worked great for the 3 months that it lasted. It does not charge anymore
and is not usable.
    Awesome Sound and loud. Only problem, they will disconnect and reconnect
some times.
    Very good quality VS price, I love the magnetic hold system. Good sound and
confortable at the ears
    This product is amazing the clarity is great. I definitely recommend it
    I am super happy with this product. I like how they magnetize around my
neck.
    Works well with Zoom and other video conferencing software. Very happy.
    Use these to workout  They stay in place and give a great sound quality
    Charges really fast, stays on for many hours, quality is good
    Love these!  I love that they come with varying sizes of ear phones and the
sound quality is great!
    The earphones fit my ear comfortably, they don't fall out and they sound
really good!
    Pretty inepensive ear buds that work well. Perfect for an out door run and
they charge quickly/
    Phenomenal battery life. Great bass. The treble is a bit too strong
sometimes though. Never been as happy about a purchase.
    With all honesty, these are the best headphones I've ever had.  Pretty good
sound quality.
    Would buy again.
    I am very satisfied with this product.  I use it while I work out and they
stay in place and have excellent sound quality.
    Best bang for your buck headphones I’ve ever owned. Fit in the ear and stay
in during workouts.
    Nice quality for the price.
    Very pleased with product. Cost was reasonable and functions very well.
Thank you!
    Great headphones! Sits perfectly and doesn't fall off when jogging. Doesn't
bother when on. Battery lasted more than a week now!
    Battery life seems to be better than older model, very happy with them as of
now!
    These headphones are a great deal and work as well as much more expensive
headphones!
    Excellent headphones! Comfortable fit with more than adequate sound quality
for the price!
    excellent headphones the battery is durable and has good sound
    My old headphones broke. I love this product, it works really well for me at
the gym. Great sound.
    The sound quality is great.
    Bought in November 2019. Headphones stopped holding a charge as or April 9
2020. Once again you get what you pay for.
    I bought this recently and I am pretty impressed.recommended to 2 more
friends and I am sure they will love it.
    The cost is nice, and I really like the battery life, prior earphones at the
same price lasted 2-3 hours.
    pro: The battery life really lasts the 16 hours.con: the sound quality seems
a bit metallic but does get loud
    Excellent presentation, the battery lasted almost 17 hours in a row, clear
sounds stop well in my ear. Just perfect
    These earbuds are fantastic. Great sound and impressive Bluetooth range.
Definitely buy these again
    Connect easily.
    I like these for work. I do a lot of moving around, so I need earbuds that
stay in
    Very satisfied with my purchase. Will purchase again.
    Love the fit, love the sound , love the price , love them
    Excellent battery life, comfortable, sound great and great price.
    It stopped charging 3 weeks after I get it, it’s broke....
    These headphones are a great deal for the price!
    Headphones perform well, fit comfortably, and have good battery life.
    These are SO GOOD!! Quality sound and bass. Quick charge and perfect fit.
    Really comfortable and stay in my ears really good.  Going to get my husband
a pair.
    Use these headphones for running, at the gym, and the office. Great pair for
the price, definitely recommend!
    Recieved it yesterday. Charged from 5 pm to 5 am. Battery lasted 6 hours.
    Muy buen producto , entrega a tiempo
    Got my headphones a day earlier than expected! I have small ears and I love
the way they fit.
    The headphones came packaged very nicely and are very high quality for the
price.
    These have been the best Bluetooth headphones I have had in a long time.
Great battery life, Bluetooth range and noise cancelling.
    Very happy with these. Longer battery life than a lot of others I looked at.
    Hearing is good but whenever the wire hits something it's pretty easy to
hear as well kinda like a stethoscope
    Love how long the battery life is!!!
    great customer service
    Very good sound and battery life.
    These are very functional and easy to use.  This is our family's 2nd pair.
    Just received them, noise cancellation seems great.  Can’t wait to use them
in the truck.
    Good sport Bluetooth headphones. The necklace style just works best for me
when I'm active at the gym or snowboarding. Sound quality is great
    I love buying products from Amazon and the boltune wireless earphonesThanks
for the quick delivery also
    Comfortable headphones. Good quality for the price.
    I bought this as a gift for my husband and he absolutely loves it! The sound
quality is phenomenal!! A great buy indeed.
    Easy to use and charge. Fit it good in the ear. Sound quality is good. Would
recommend!
    Brought these for son and he says these are better than the other he had.
Totally better quality. He was very very happy.
    I was looking for some travel earphones and I believe these are it.
    I have been using for the past 4 months and it has been good, running, it
fell in water and its all good.
    Good workout headphones, stay in ear well and can hear music throughout
workout
    Terrible!  I opened the box and it was only rubber tips and an empty black
bag. I am throughly unhappy!
    Very happy with the purchase. Fits and sounds great. A good value.
    Great headphones!  Very comfortable and great sound quality.  No complaints.
    This product has a great price for the quality you are given and has amazing
sound!!!
    So far these have been the best headphones I've found for the price!!!
    These headphones are good quality and very good noise cancellation.
    Listen music
    Love this item for working out. Doesn't fall out and sounds nice
    Bass was more than i was anticipating. Not quite as much noise cancellation
as i was hoping for but overall great product.
    Great sound,  do not fall out of ears, love the magnet so you don't lose
them
    I like that they are magnetized.  Overall satisfied.
    I liked these wireless stereo earphones so much, I bought another pair in
pink!
    It has a nice case with it. Perfect when using in the gym. The sound quality
is good!
    I loved the connectivity and sound quality of the headphones. This is my
second headphone
    Great quality for a great price!
    This product is amazing the sound is very high quality.
    Pretty good product
    I like the product and quality,sound and it performance is good.
    Lasts a long time, charges quickly.
    This is an amazing product. I have no complaints.
    These earbuds are amazing. The sound is great and they cancel out other
noise.
    It first didnt work and they sent me a replacement. I've got my second and
it works good, sound and battery life is great!
    My second pair only because I wanted a backup. Love them!! Great price!!
    Great sound and quality and the battery lasts as advertised!
    Very bad product, don't buy it,I'm the biggest victim: V:Professional-talent
    Used to buy jaybird but these are better and way less money.
    Earbuds work great. Super easy to sinc up and stay in my ear even when
running.
    Bought these for my girlfriend. She loves then. She said they lasted longer
then expected.
    Works better than my expensive headphones that I lost.
    Like this headphone, light and good quality
    Fast shipping, comfortable headphones with good sound quality.
    Awesome sound quality and long battery life! I wish the cord length was a
bit longer. Great value overall!
    Very good product and useful to carry out my work making deliveries.
    good
    Love love love them so much I had to buy a pair for my boyfriend!!!!
    Lovely product, impeccable delivery
    Good so far for the price, good sound quality and great
responsiveness(turning on and off, changing songs etc.)
    Nice quality. Fits great in the ears and does not fall out easy when
running. Battery life is decent.
    I liked its sound quality. I recommend this for others.
    Amazing headphones for the price planning on buying a second pair for my
wife.
    What I like about this headphones the sound  quality is awesome and they
very light
    This a great pair of headphones for the price! I highly recommend!
    I really like them the bass is really good. I love everything about them.
    Super great sound, the battery lasts all day and I haven't sweated them out
yet. Fantastic earbuds!
    My second pair since I lost my first one. Best quality and price.
    Thank you...
    These are great headphones!  I bought a pair for myself and my brother for
Christmas.  We both love them!
    These are perfect.  Great sound quality and comfortable.
    The sound quality is exactly what you'd expect, solid for the price compared
to other products
    Pretty good
    This was a great buy... the sound quality was crisp and clear. The bass was
alright but overall i love it! Thanks!
    very bad quality, it is not worth your money.V:Professional-talent
    Nice headphones, the sound quality is ok for the price, doesn't fall off of
the ear, the battery really last long.
    Nice sounding and an attractive price
    Perfect ,long time , good base , good noise cancellation , good protection
    Received yesterday. Works perfectly.
    Love the fit and sound and the IPX makes it great for my workouts
    love this product!! its super clear and looks great!!!!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Good sound quality.
Comfortable  to wear. Nice surprise
    Amazing company to work for. Battery life on these is insanely good!
    Love them. Great for the price !!
    just got this and it works great...easy set up
    Works great, clear audio, good bass.
    They’re amazing
    These are perfect headphones for a jog and workout. Good price!
    great headphones. awesome sound quality. doesn't fall out of my ears.
    Bought these for my wife and she really likes them. I might have to buy
another pair for myself.
    Product came on time. Easy to use. Seems as fiod as higher priced ear buds.
    Great sound and batter life.
    I like the headphones. Very comfortable.
    This is my second set! Amazing.
    Bought this one to my mother in law as a gift, and she loves it and happy
with it!
    The quality of this product is better than what I was expecting
    Perfect!  Just what I needed for work.  Battery lasts a long time too.
    Can't ask for more for 27$!! Great battery life , good sound quality and
perfect to take with you to the gym
    Sounds as great and doesn’t fall out of my ear like other brands!
    These headphones are great battery life sound and price I definitely
recommend getting yourself a pair
    broke after 10 months of use
    Good product!! Fits perfect. A little bit heavy.
    Just got these and the sound is great! Also very comfortable!
    Really surprised at the quality for the money
    Sounds great and battery is good for around 14-15 hours.
    Earbuds are comfortable in ears. Sound quality is great and pairs easily to
my devices.
    Battery life is superb.  Works for  an entire week of commuting
    Perfect, just what I was looking for!
    Easy to use and lightweight
    It was as advertised.
    The battery life on these is longer than advertised, and for the price you
cant beat it.
    Fit great right out of the box. Already went on a run and they sound great!
    Great headphones and great customer service.
    😎
    Awesome product!!! Love them
    Awesome 4 the cost.
    Great product, would buy again
    Bought for my husband and he was impressed. Comfortable fit and he loves the
sound quality for gaming
    very bad quality, it is not worth your money.V:Professional-talent
    Everything arrived as expected, sounds great, very good value!
    I like these style headphones for jogging and exercise.
    I needed something portable for working out, and this product is perfect!
    Great product for great price!
    So far so good I have not had a chance to listen for that long
    I bought it for my husband he will love it ☺️ .
    Really nice headsets. Sound is good.
    Sounds quality is great and noise cancellation is surprisingly high!
    it seems decent not to check how long it will last
    I love the fit of these headphones as well as the sound quality.
    Comfortable fit. Easy to get started with. Quick charge.
    Really a good product for the price. I can use it at home and work without
losing it.
    Great headphones for the price. Long battery life and solid sound quality
    Just bought these and sound is amazing.  Would buy again.
    Very satisfied with quality,sound and long battery life.  Recommended.
    Amazing sound quality, workout friendly and good battery life
    I love my new headphone, very good for running.  Great price.
    These headphones work well, seem like decent quality especially for the
price.
    Work well for what I need them for!
    these are great headphones for the price
    Great set of headphones for the price point!
    Comfortable, lightweight and the noise cancelation plus sound is just great!
    Great quality earbuds for the price! Quick delivery, excellent service!
    Very good  sound/performance for the price.
    Very nice headphones, it is desired to choose.
    Reasonable price for a good pair of headphones
    Great Headphones. Best I have got in a while... Everything is great about
these headphones.
    Good audio and battery life for the price
    Fantastic headphones. Nearly industry table.
    The beats was a little better
    10/10 would recommend, they don’t fall out of your ears & the sound is great
!
    Great quality waterproof headphones!
    Just what I wanted thank you
    Very good product and not expensive.
    All likes no complaints!!Great and best product ever had
    Great for walking, working out, etc.
    Good sound quality, doesn't feel cheap, fits in the ear fine.
    Product doesnt turn on
    Liked it's ease of charging
    Wow! Good noise cancellation, good bass... like it!
    First time use at the gym. Sound great, fit great.
    I love these. Bought another one for my husband, now he loves them too.
    Its  comfortable to wear. The sound quality is amazing. I am def buying it
again.
    These stay in my ear well, and sound good.  Just what I was looking for
    love the magnet so the headphones don't get lost.
    Works as needed and worth the price
    Im using this headset for work and it has been great.
    Good product for normal use
    Great product, great price
    As advertised.  Good quality for the money.
    Great quality! Great Price!
    Comfortable and sleek
    Great headphones
    Comfortable and durable
    Great sound...very comfortable
    Quick connection and great sound!!
    Great quality of earphones
    I use the headphones for work.
    I love these.  Better then the ones I had before.
    Cost effective and good quality. I’m in love!
    Que. Se escucha.  Bien  Y cancela el ruido
    Best headphones period!!
    Exactly what I wanted. I'm very satisfied.
    Great headphones!
    All features worked perfect. Just as expected
    Great for the price
    Good price
    Great product for a great price!
    Worked really well!
    Good
    Fast delivery. Has great sound.
    Excellent sound quality.
    I got this for Christmas so far it is working great!
    Works well, good quality.
    These are great headphones!
    Awesome
    Good sound, pairs easily, great price!  Satisfied!
    I’m happy
    Liked the crisp sound, battery life.
    Great quality that came quickly!
    Good headphones for the price
    I like everything
    Great headphones. Quality sound and noise cancellation for the price!
    These work great, love the magnets on the earbuds.
    Best headphones ever
    Very nice. Must have.
    Compact, easy to use
    So far so good. Last long, sound good, nice fit.
    bike rides and walking
    Battery life is fantastic
    awesome
    Good
    Great sound and battery lasts all day
    Works great
    Todo esta perfecto
    Awesome
    After I received the Bluetooth headset,I especially liked it. Its appearance
is stylish and generous ,the sound quality is particularly clear,the high sound
is bright, and the bass is mellow. The sound is also loud. The Bluetooth headset
doesn't fall off easily and is very comfortable when I put it on. I don't worry
about it falling out when I go to the gym to work out. The connection speed of
the Bluetooth headset is very fast, and it is very easy to match with my mobile
phone.
    Awesome product! You won't be disappointed.
