    ・写真箱に入っていたものです説明書は英語と日本語の説明があります・購入理由家族にアイマッサージャーをプレゼントしたことがあり、自分の分も欲しくなり購入し
ました・充電について他のレビューに充電できないとあったので、充電もチェックしたけど大丈夫でした！コードはmicro USB Type-Bで、同梱品でなく家にあっ
たコードもちゃんと使えました・マッサージャー本体　・目に当たる部分がビニールのような質感なので、使い終わった後に消毒して清潔にできるのがすごく良かった！　・Bl
uetoothの音楽はスマホとマッサージャー本体から音量調節できました　・操作時に英語の音声案内が流れますその中でわからないモードは、説明書の日本語と英語のペー
ジを見比べればわかりました　・空気圧がすこし強めかなという印象です　・暖かさは2段階あり、暖める機能を切ることもできた　・つけたままのボタン操作が少し難しいかも
？センサー式のボタンなのと、ボタンに指先でわかる特徴がなくて、どれを押してるのか分かりにくいことがあったイヤホンをしながら寝転ぶと耳がしんどかったけど、これなら
寝ながら音楽をききながら目を癒すこともできて、岩盤浴に行った時のように安らかな気持ちになれた！私の時は1000円オフのクーポンも使えて、すごくお得感がありました
！めっちゃおすすめします！
    初めてアイマッサージャーを購入しましたが、なかなか良いです。モードも5つほどあって、5分、10分、15分に分かれていたり、エアマッサージだけじゃなく振動
？があったり、今は好きなモードを探してる最中です。温度、エアの強さも3段階に分かれていて、好みの強さや温度に設定できます。今はよくスリープモードで15分すること
が多いですが、こめかみも適度な強さでマッサージしてくれるし、温度も暖かくて気持ちがいいです。寝る前にした次の日は、心なしか見晴らしが良くなったような…笑主人はマ
ッサージ関係はかなり強くないと効かないタイプなので、もう少し強くできたら良いのにと言ってました…でも通常の強さでも十分じゃないかなと私は思います。音楽がBlue
toothで繋げて聴けるみたいですが、あまり使ってません。耳ではなくてちょっと遠いところから聞こえてくる感じで、もう少しヘッドホンみたいに聞こえたら良かったかな
。あとエアマッサージの音が大きいので、音楽も大きくしないと聞こえにくいのも☆マイナス1です。基本的には良いマッサージ機だと思うので、買ってよかったです。あとは長
持ちしてくれたら言う事なしです。
    疲れが目に出やすいので時々蒸気で暖める使い捨てのアイマスクを使用していました。こちらは、マッサージ機能もついて暖め効果もあり、USB充電できるので何度で
も気軽に使えると思いました。音楽もBluetooth接続で切り替えることができますが、5分から15分のモードが終了するたびに、再度接続する必要があります。連続で
使用したいときは少しめんどくさい感があります。当然、目元が覆われてしまうので、先に設定してからセットする必要があります。物理ボタンがついておりますが、押し込むタ
イプではなくタッチで反応する分、装着しながらの操作には少し慣れる必要がありそうです。すぐに目のむくみがとれるわけではないですが、ナイトモードで快眠を心がけたいと
思います。
    　アイマッサージャーは使うのが初めてでしたので一番最初はドキドキしました。ぎゅーとした圧もちょうどいいです。温かさもちょうど良く、いつのまにか眠っていま
した。自分ではなかなか目のあたりのマッサージはできないので、家で目の疲れを取りたい人に良いと思います。Bluetoothもめちゃ便利ですね。音楽や自分が聴きたい
ものを選んで聴きながらマッサージしてもらえるのでリラックス効果も高いんじゃないかと思います。毎晩夜に使うのが楽しみです。
    初めてアイマッサージャーたるものを購入しました。某有名日本メーカーの物を買おうと思っていましたが、こちらの商品のほうがお安く、かつレビュー評価が高かった
ので、騙されてもいいや！という気持ちで購入。買って良かった〜♪という気持ちでいっぱいです。日々、ひどいドライアイと片頭痛に悩まされていましたが、これを使うように
なって、軽減されてきたような気もします。まだ、数回の使用なので、使い続けてみたいです。リラックス効果は、満点です！
    注文してからすぐに届きました。届いてすぐに使ってみましたが、思った以上によかったです。温度や振動などの調整も楽で、Bluetoothの設定もすぐにできま
した。単調なほぐし方ではなく、揉みかたも変化するので癒されます。目を温めるシートも使ったことがあるのですが、使い捨てで便利な一方、熱すぎると感じていたのですが、
こちらの商品は温かいという感じでちょうどよかったです。温度や振動の調整ボタンがすぐに反応してしまうので、音量調整をしたいだけなのに、、ということはありましたが概
ね満足です。あと、BGMは音が消せないので静かな環境で使うときにちょっとな、、と思うところはあります。
    最初ゴムの調整がうまく行かず、キチキチでしたが、そもそもリラックスして使うものだし少し緩めにして器械の重さのぶんはちょこっと手で支えました(寝ながら使用
すればいいかも)オンオフの時に英語でアナウンスがあって、初めは何だ何だと思いましたが、今は慣れて続く波の音に癒されます(Bluetoothで好きな曲に変えられる
そう)肝心のマッサージは…痛いです(笑)こめかみ辺りをグリグリっとしてきます。目の辺りはホカホカと温かくなり、終わったあとは目がスッキリ。心なしか頭もスッキリし
た気がしました
    タイトルどうりなんですが特にこれからの時期プレゼントで貰ったら嬉しいと思います。仕事柄液晶画面をよく見るので実際の効果は分かりませんが、使うようになって
からはよく寝れるようになりました。熱の強さもじんわり来る感じでちょうどいいです。ただ、こめかみへ刺激は少し強すぎるかなと思いました。一度寝起きすぐに使ってみたの
ですが痛かったです。
    PC作業や受験勉強、ゲームなどで目が疲れてる時に使うとすごい癒されます。使ったあとは目の疲れがだいぶなくなって次の作業のときにはスッキリしてますので、休
憩のときに使ったりするといいと思います。BlueTooth機能で音楽を聴くこともできるので、好きな音楽を聞きながら目の疲れが癒せます。充電用のusbケーブルはつ
いてくるので、新しく買う必要もないです。日本語対応の説明書もついてますので、操作がわからないということもないと思います。
    アイウォーマーは2台目になります。最初の物が数年前のものになり、それとくらべると目元の締め付け感が結構強くいい感じです。また温かくなるのも温度が二段階に
調節でき程よく気持ちいいですただ、手探りで音量などを調整しようとすると、電源ボタンに軽く触れてしまうだけでモードが変わってしまうのはどこかにロックするとかあれば
良かったです。
    大人の男性だとぴったりかもしれません。ちょっと大きくて目にピンポイントにならないので振動が足りないなと感じます。暖かさはかなりあるのであつっと感じる人も
いるかもしれません。気持ちいいです。動いてる音はうるさいです。流れる音楽は心地いいのですが。
    学校でパソコンをよく使って作業しますが、休憩の時にこの商品を使うと目の疲れが一気に取れていつも助かっています。充電式なので、好きなタイミングで好きなだけ
使えるのがとても良いです。振動や温度も使い捨て式とは違い好きなように調節できるのが助かります。
    手元に届いてからおよそ一ヶ月使用しています。暖かさ、振動の強さともに申し分ないです。スリープモード以外は、デフォルトの音楽が流れますが、Bluetoot
h接続することで好きな音楽などを聴くことができます。寝る前にベッドで音楽を聴きながら使うことが多いのですが、モード終了時に自動的にBluetoothの切断される
ので、スリープタイマー替わりに使えてかなり便利です。
    寒くなってきたのでホットアイマスクを探していたらこちらが出てきました。試しに買ってみたらとても良い。あったかいだけじゃなくてリラックスできる音楽も流せる
ので、睡眠の質が上がった気がします。アイマスクにしては少しお高めだけど機能性を考えたら全然価値ありました。本当に買ってよかったです！ありがとうございました。
    届いたので、早速使用してみました。難しい操作もなく、顔に当たる部分も布ではないので、手入れも楽そうです。エアーによるマッサージが、ほどよい圧力で、温度も
熱すぎず、とても気に入りました。写真のように折り畳むことで、カバンに入れて運ぶ際も、破損を過度に心配せずに運ばそうです。
    初めてアイマスクを購入しました。仕事で疲れて帰ってきて晩酌をした後、これを使うとぐっすり寝れます。持ち運びも便利なので、旅行や出張の移動中の使用にも適し
ています。
    振动挺舒服
    タッチがほぼ反応しない一度だけ電源がついたけどそれっきり充電しても全く動かないクソ商品電源がつかないから評価もクソもない
    目周りをマッサージできて、ホットアイマスクで目も温められるのでとても目が楽になりました。リラックスできました。
    目の疲れが取れました。マッサージ機能もついてて良かったです。
    初めてで試すには良いですが、顔のパーツの作りによってはツボが違うみたいです。
    最近パソコン仕事が増えて目の疲れを感じるようになってきたので、少しでも楽になればとこちらを購入しました。しっかりとした小綺麗な箱に入っていて、取り出すと
予想よりも大きかったのですが、この大きさだから「こめかみ」まで届き、そこをマッサージしてくれるのがとても気持ちいいです。操作は接触式のボタンで、長押しが電源ON
/OFF。1タップ毎にモードの切り替えです。モードによって音楽が流れたりもするのですが、正直音量が大きく、使用するのが寝る前ということもあり、いつも無音のスリー
プモードだけを使用してます。
    ついつい、夜遅くまでスマホを触ってしまい、目への負担が気になり、購入しました。特にマッサージ機能が気に入っています。本当に目を押されている圧迫感があり、
終わった後はすっきりします。圧を掛ける際に起動音がしますが、ブルートゥースを接続して、音楽を鳴らせば気になりません。ただ、ボタン操作がタッチセンサーなので、誤動
作を起こしてしまうことが多々あります。
    温まるタイプのアイマスクは ずっと使い捨てできるものを使用していましたが、日々使うものなのでコスパ面などを考慮しこちらを購入しました。モードがいくつか選
べ、時間や温度、マッサージの強さを調整できます。温度がかなり心地よく、マッサージも丁度いい強さで目の周りをくるくるされる感じなので
疲れ目にはかなり効きます。今や寝る前の必需品です。
    気軽に使えて在宅で疲れた目を癒してくれます。
    いやー、これはマジで凄い。正直感動しましたやたらと海外のレビューが多いのが不思議だったけど、納得しましたこれが5000円弱は安すぎる私は仕事がIT系で、
月2日くらい疲れ目？からの頭痛に悩まされていたので、試しに買ってみました繰り返し使えるホットアイマスクくらいのものを想像してたのですが、音楽とマッサージ機能で想
像を超えるリラックス体験ができましたとにかくマッサージ機能が素晴らしいと感じました。ただの振動だけでは無く、エアーによる圧迫が、まるで指圧されているかのように気
持ちいいんです適度に目を温めてくれて、リラックスできそうな音楽が流れ、指圧みたいなマッサージ、まるでちょっとしたスパにいるような気分になれます疲れ目に効くかはま
だわかりませんが、この体験だけでも5000円弱払う価値はあるかと思いました！ベルトの調整に多少難があるのと、目に当てる部分が取り外して洗えなさそうな辺りに改善の
余地はありますが、それを補って余りある良い商品だと思いました
ヒートモードが使用出来ず交換依頼をしたところ即日返信いただき発送までしていただきました。早いご対応大変感謝いたします。また利用させていただこうと思います。
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Je viens d'utiliser le
masseur occulaire, j'ai été agréable surpris par ce masseur. En effet il agit
comme un tensiomètre car la poche grise situé à l'intérieur se gonfle et elle
compresse en alternance les tempes et les paupières. C'est un massage compressif
avec une sensation de chaleur. C'est agréable et reposant pour les yeux. En
effet je porte des lentilles et mes yeux fatigués en fin de journée ça je
travail sur écran d'ordinateur et je suis aussi très souvent sur mon téléphone.
Jai utilisé le masseur tous les soir depuis que je l'ai reçu. JE SUIS TRÈS
SATISFAIT !Je le conseil aux personnes qui sont souvent sur écrans ( smartphone
ou écran PC) et qui veulent préserver leurs yeux
    This heated massager interested me because I’d recently been recommended two
activities to help with newly diagnosed blepharitis. These were to use a heated
eye mask and also to perform regular massages to my eyelids.  This appeared to
tick both boxes and I was keen to give it a go.I’d previously bought RENPHO
scales which I’m very happy with (the accompanying app is great too) so I felt
confident in the brand.The high-quality packaging reminded me of opening an
Apple product which for me was a great start. Very simple contents - the
massager, USB charging cable, instructions and warranty card.On picking up the
massager, it looks and feels well made and, although it's not particularly
light, it's very comfortable to wear.Switching it on for the first time (it
arrived fully charged), I didn’t know what to expect and the whir of the
electric motor and gentle whoosh of the pressure being released were quite
noticeable. However, they were more soothing than aggravating. The sound is
reassuring and the ambient background music is relaxing. I haven’t yet tried
pairing it with Bluetooth for my own music but that’s a nice touch I will be
investigating later.As for the massage action (the important bit), I was a
little cautious initially. The thought of something mechanical on my eyes seemed
a little unsettling. I needn’t have worried. Even on its highest and warmest
setting, it was very comfortable and I relaxed in no time. As well as feeling
the massage effect on my eyes, I’d feel it gripping and massaging my temples as
the eye pads went through their action. The action feels strong and positive and
the heat is comfortable and comparable to what I’d previously had from gel pads
in a simple eye mask.Using the controls is really straightforward, as they’re
easily found and the clear voice prompts confirm your selections.I’m only a few
days in and undecided about which mode I prefer. It’s a bit of a learning curve
as, apart from their titles, a briefest description and duration, there's no
more detail. I’d like to know more as I definitely hear and feel different
massage actions. That’s a small shame but doesn’t put me off and I’m sure I’ll
find a favourite. It’s relaxing enough that I’ve already fallen asleep mid-
session, only to be awakened by the end of session announcement.So far it
definitely gets a thumbs-up and I’ve been letting friends and family have a go
with it too (making sure to clean it between users). They’ve all been positive
too. Initially one said ‘how do you manage to keep your eyes open to get them
massaged?’  Erm, you don’t! I thought that would have been obvious, but perhaps
not!
    First, these eye massagers are designed to massage the orbital rim not the
eye itself.Don’t be surprised if they don’t message your eyeballs.Cons:The nose
piece might annoy the nose.It might press too hard on temporal areas but not
touches enough where it must touch.No way you can know how much charge
remaining.Low volume for MP3.Pros:Ability to adjust temperature and
pressure.Ability to turn off pressure and just use as heat pad for those who
have dry eye.Update:Overall: I ordered Osito and Breo as well as I wasn’t happy
with Renpho first. After seeing their performance being worse, I cancelled my
return and decided to stick to Renpho. I think considering the price and
options, Renpho is the best cost-effective choice on Amazon.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      She loves it!  I’m a tech
nerd so, like a moth to a flame, if it’s got a blue blinking light on it.. I
want it. So for her birthday I decided to steer away from the usual types of
presents and get her something very unique. Saw these on Amazon and started
reading about them. There’s a lot of them out there but I settled on this one
because it had better reviews.  When she opened it, I’m pretty sure her initial
reaction was I wasted money on whatever the hell this thing was. She was
clueless about it because she’s the anti tech one. The yin to my yang! I
explained to her how to use it, charged it and when she got out of the shower I
made her put it on.She had no idea I was recording her reactions, but Jamie is
now the trophy husband because she loves it. So much that she took it to work,
let them test it out and now they bought them too. You gotta really be into the
whole woosaa zen thing like her I suppose to fully enjoy it because it’s not
like it’s going to instantly make life suck less for you but she’s happy with
it. After her shower she puts it on and relaxes with it. She’s happy, I’m happy
:)
    I have myopia and I wear contact lenses. Often i will get an eye fatigue,
reason i was interested in this product.pros:-strong eye massage even on soft
mode. at the first use, i was suprised how much pain it caused to me. after a
few use, i got used to the massage. once, i felt asleep which wearing these.-the
heat is very comfortable. I like to put it on high temperature and after an
session, i feel like i did an eye sauna.-material feels soft and comfy, plastic
feel sturdy.cons:-the buttons are too sensible, i would prefer physical buttons,
but once the mode is set, it's fine, not a big deal.-the speaker isn't very
loud, but i treat it like massager with an added function, so nothing to
complain there.overall this is a great eye massager with heat. If you like body
massage, you should treat your eye too.
    It’s a great product! Not only massages my eyes but also changed my routine
of putting down the cell phone as the last thing of the day to putting on the
massager as the last thing of the day - greatly improved my  sleeping- will
definitely buy or more pair for my husband.
    I bought the eye massager a few weeks ago and wanted to use it for a while
before leaving a review.  I’ve used the massager almost everyday, it has held up
well and is very relaxing.  At first, the pressure on your eyes is hard to get
used to, and can cause some tension, but once you’ve used twice or so you’re on
to blissful relaxation! There is also some noise from the airbags/mechanisms
inside the massager, but I’m not sure how they could get away from that.  All in
all I would really recommend this to a friend, and am looking forward to falling
asleep with it on my face tonight!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Ayant acheté une balance
connectée RENPHO, ce produit m’a été proposé. Curieuse j’ai testé. Je travaille
toute la journée sur un ordinateur et j’ai une fatigue oculaire en fin de
semaine. Donc c’était le produit idéal !Le masque est très design et
Ergonomique.Très simple d’utilisation, il y a 5 programmes.Un massage, de la
chaleur qui soulage et de la musique au choix.Je recommande !Un moment de bien-
être comment s’en passer !Vous pouvez même mettre vos musiques préférées.Produit
au top. 5 étoiles sans hésiter.Petit conseil de mise en marche : le charger 🔌
suffisamment et pour commencer le débrancher de la prise secteur pour le
démarrage.
    La notice n'est pas en français quelqu'un saurait-il comment modifier la
langue de la voix des lunettes
    I purchased this product for my sister thats severly disabled and suffers
from alot of sinus and headaches, and since using this it has now been nearly 2
weeks she absolutely loves it, as she no longer gets headaches or migraines and
shes more focused and interacts better in her activities because she doesnt
suffer from her eye pressure problems any more, its the best thing ive ever
purchased!!!!! Thankyou for creating an amazing product!!!! Definitely will be
buying this to gift people as its a life changing eye massarge
    Una amiga que tiene migrañas le recomendo a mi mujer este ... masajeador de
ojos... suena un poco raro pero por probar... Finalmente nos decidimos a
comprarlo por el Prime que te permite devolver el producto si no estas
satisfecho... pero todo lo contrario... mi mujer esta encantada... cabe destacar
que ella no tiene migrañas fuertes. El masajeador hace unos movimiento alrededor
de los ojos combinando presion y un poco de calor dejandote una sensacion de
bienestar. Dura 5 minutos y se oye una musica clasica que te relaja mucho mas!
Lo recomendamos!
    Je n'avais encore jamais testé ce genre d'appareil de relaxation mais vu mon
stress et surménage actuel, je me suis dit "pourquoi pas" ... et je n'en suis
absolument pas déçu. Cet appareil Masseur Oculaire vous permet de vous évader un
instant grâce à son système de massage, la chaleur et aussi la musique qui
relax. Vous pouvez même utiliser vos playlist ! Donc c'est un super achat pour
ceux qui travaillent devant des ordinateurs, ont des maux de tête ou veulent
simplement se couper du monde pour se relaxer quelques minutes.
    I bought this for myself as I have been having trouble sleeping and thought
it would help me switch off my other devices and relax a bit before bed. It’s
really easy to use, fits well and is very relaxing. The first 5 secs were a bit
strange as I got used to the sensation of having my eyes massaged - it’s worth
riding out the initial weirdness of it as once you are used to it it is really
relaxing. The noise of the air inflating and deflating the eye mask is quite
loud,  but if you have the music playing and let yourself relax, you don’t
really notice it after a while. It massages from your temples across your eyes
and each mode has a different rhythm. I’ve used it on the medium heat setting,
haven’t tried the hot setting or the hard massage yet, but the medium pressure
is perfect. Definitely would recommend this as something a little bit different
and a way to fully switch off from outside distractions.
    I bought this out of desperation as a migraine sufferer..... And I have
never been so pleasantly surprised by an online purchase.It's louder than I
would like & the run time is shorter than my greedy butt prefers but honestly,
this really does helps with massage pressure points. It doesn't eliminate my
migraines but it does help make them more bearable.The buttons are a tad
sensitive, so it's easy to inadvertently change settings mid session. It would
also be nice to be able to activate the Bluetooth connect prior to wearing the
device.But I am totally willing to overlook any minor issues I have with the
product because it genuinely helps me.
    This eye massager has surpassed my expectations.  It is very well made and
easy to use with touch controls.I have used it every day since receiving it and
it does work wonders.  I struggle with tired eyes and migraine headaches on an
almost daily basis and this has been a great help.During the programme nice
calming music plays or you can connect through bluetooth which i havent tried
yet as i enjoy the calming tune it plays by default.I can also turn off the heat
if i wish to which is a bonus.All in all it is a brilliant product which does
exactly what it says.Very good product.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Hace unos masajes
excelentes, yo como soy ingeniero me paso muchas horas delante del ordenador, y
me viene muy bien. Me lo suelo poner antes de dormir, porque además de para
descansar la vista y masajear también relaja mucho. Tiene efecto calor, presión
y música relajante, los cuales se pueden cambiar en varios niveles. lo
recomiendo.
    Arrived in great condition and packaging. The instructions were clear and
although the buttons were at first difficult to find with my eyes closed, I
found the settings easily changeable. The device provides a surprising amount of
warmth and pressure. I'm not sure of the extent of the long-term benefits from
using this device but it was comfortable to use and definitely feels relaxing.
The default music is likely to get repetitive quickly, but the bluetooth worked
well and allowed me to relax with my own music. The only major criticism I have
is that the movement of the inner parts of the device is quite loud, and will
sometimes muffle the music.However, overall I would recommend the Eye Massager -
it provides a very good variety of settings and adjustments, and it is great for
someone that wants a 10-minute chill out at the end of a tough working day!
    I was really dubious about the value of this technology and suspected it
would be a gimmick, and end up in a box somewhere. But 2020 has been a crazy
year, and for those of us WFH without no chance of a holiday, you can feel the
stress and eye-strain from the computer. Well, I can confirm this works. The
heated pads are relaxing in their own right, but the air pressure massage is
perfect. It's definitely helped with my vision after long days or taking a mid-
day break. My wife has also stolen it now when she can - and it's helped with
her migraines and vision. I can forgive the device for being a little on the
noisy side, you really don't notice that much. Also, the music isn't brilliant,
as it is coming from the (front) mask rather than into your ears, but you can
easily turn this function off (with button) and use your own headset or earbuds
instead. We're definitely converts now to these devices. Carve out a little "me
time" in your life and pamper yourself, you won't be sorry.
    Recently I have been having trouble falling asleep and I was searching for
some massager and this pop-up. I thought to give it a try and just loved it.
Especially the heating feature. The temperature just feels right on eyes and it
takes you to a sleeping zone with music in the background.The temple massage is
a relaxing feature. I like it in a light mode though my partner enjoys it on a
bit higher level. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
    So this is annoying to use, the buttons are light so even a mild tough
changes the settings.. then you have to wait 10-20 secs to cycle through
again..It's not even that comfortable - the first time I used I wasnt sure if I
liked it or it was uncomfortable..BUT it defintely seems to help.. the first say
14 out of 20 times I used, I had drifters off to sleep by the time the approx
10-15min programme had finished..So it has helped.I tried the wifi version also,
its exactly the same just with a remote control.. remote is better BUT its an
extra object to take care of, and in the end I got used to the akward button
interface.. there is an art to touching the buttons!
    I bought this device to help my blepharitis and dry eyes. I've tried
microwave eye pack and also USB eye heaters, both of which have significant
flaws. The microwave bag would be too hot to touch, but then when it's on it
would cool down too quickly, and the USB eye heater had to be plugged in and
didn't really help.This thing is RENPHO massager though is a whole different
ball game.What I love about it:- Air pressure + heat is brilliant, the perfect
setting for me, very relaxing and leaves eyes warm, moist and refreshed.- It
fits perfectly, stays in place and covers the whole eye area.- The music is
relaxing and changes to wave sounds every so often.- The battery lasts maybe 4
sessions, which is good enough for me, it warns you early when it's low on power
but carries on going.- The way it massages only slight air pressure on your
eyelids, the massaging really only happens around the eye so it's definitely
safe.Things I don't like:- The vibration is pretty horrible, but you don't have
to have it on. It's like a fast heart beat, very stressful in my opinion.Things
I hate:- My device has a hard bump directly over my left eyebrow, I'm not sure
what it is but it makes the device very uncomfortable until I turn it on and the
air pressure cushions it. I've tried moving the device around but it still
hurts... this means I can't use the device without air pressure.- The controls
are VERY badly designed. Seeing as you have to put the device on BEFORE you turn
it on, touch controls are a really bad idea. There are just 3 slightly concave
touch controls, and the two small ones are almost impossible to find first time.
I now end up running my finger very slowly up towards the controls and trying to
feel for the small buttons so I don't change my current mode... I couldn't
imagine having to change track or anything like that, nightmare.All you need to
do is put actual buttons on, maybe in different shapes... or just spread them
out a bit. Perhaps I should've got the remote control...
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Je recommande vivement ce
produit et cette marque. Je connaissais déjà la marque Renpho ayant acheté une
balance connecté. Mais un ami m'a conseillé d'acheté ce produit car je passe
beaucoup de temps sur un PC et j'ai très souvent mal au crane. Cela fait 10jours
que je l'ai acheté et c'est vraiment le top. Je passe 10-15mn par soir en tête à
tête avec ce produit et j'ai l'impression d'être au salon de massage avec une
petite musique de relaxation déjà intégré dans le masseur. Mais il est Bluetooth
et vous pouvez mettre également votre musique. J'espère que vous sortirez
d'autres produits aussi innovant car la je suis bluffé....
    First impression - when getting the eye massager out of the box it looked
and felt well made if not a little space age, but I was keen to give it a try.
After a quick read of the instructions I plugged it in to charge using the lead
(no plug adaptor provided). I left it for a couple of hours whilst I popped out
and it was ready to use upon my return.After holding the on button for a few
seconds it came to life and you receive audible directions to which setting you
are on. I placed over my eyes and settled on the Automatic setting.  What can I
say is, it is different to any other heated eye mask I have tried in the past,
tranquil music starts playing and then the eye mask inflates, heats, massages
and vibrates all of which I can say were very comfortable and a nice experience.
After 15 mins the program comes to an end (you are also advised by the audible
voice) and it switches off.I felt relaxed and my eyes did feel refreshed and I
was ready for sleep.The downsides - it is a little noisy as it inflates/deflates
and massages however, after a few minutes I stopped noticing this, so I didn’t
particularly find it irritating.I have given the eye massager 5* as overall I
really like it and as I have said previously I found it relaxing once I got used
to the sounds and sensations, however, I appreciate this may not be for
everyone. I also suffer with dry eyes, which is one of the reasons I looked at
this mask in the first place so I am interested to see if this helps in the long
run.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Ottimo prodotto dal design
moderno, ben fatto e abbastanza comodo.Acquistato per utilizzarlo la sera dopo
la giornata lavorativa per rilassare gli occhi.Il massaggio compre una vasta
zona, partendo dalle tempie fino a comprendere tutta la parte dell'occhio, sia
sopra che poco sotto.Ci sono vari programmi più o meno intensi e di durata
diversa con la possibilità di utilizzare la musica (preinstallata oppure tramite
bluetooth quella che si preferisce).Il massaggio si diversifica molto, ci sono
tecniche differenti di pressione e concentrandosi sulla musica si riesce
veramente a goderselo e a rilassarsi.
    This eye massager is amazing. I get alot of headaches around my eyes and
wanted something to allieviate that slightly. I also have trouble getting to
sleep on occasions and wanted something to relax me before bed. This device
works really well on both fronts. The power and strength of the massage is also
better than I thought it would be. It also has bluetooth, so I play music from
my phone straight to the eye massager. Nice feature.Overall, I am more than
pleased with this eye massager and would recommend it to anyone
    Compré este masajeador porque después de tantas horas trabajando frente al
ordenador, tenía los ojos cansadísimos y, bueno, la verdad es que no sabía que
se podían hacer masajes en los ojos y este aparato me dejó muy sorprendida la
verdad. Es cómodo de usar y se ajusta bien, así que no se tarda nada en ponerlo
y probarlo.El masaje es raro al principio si nunca has tenido este tipo de
masajes (la aprte de las sienes es total!!, gratificante después de probarlo en
varias ocasiones diferentes. Cuenta con varios modos, así que se puede ajustar a
gusto. Mi favorito es el de reposo. Tiene música bastante relajante, la verdad
es que son buenas pistas de audio. Aún así prefería una relajación más
personalizada, ¡así que puse mi propia música! Se activa con bluetooth, así que
ha sido fácil.La mejor compra de relax que he hecho en mi vida!
    Received the eye massager last night and couldn’t wait to try it. I suffer
from anxiety and as a result often struggle to sleep.  Having read the reviews
from others I thought this was worth a try. It didn’t disappoint. The operation
was extremely easy to follow and straightforward allowing you to change mode
with just a few touches. You are distracted from any noise of the massager by
the soothing, calming music that you can switch on.  The warmth that I felt
around my eyes helped with the tension I tend to feel in that area and across my
brow area. The vibration is at the right level to relieve tension but also be
relaxing.  I often feel that massage products make me tense up but this did the
opposite.  I feel asleep easily last night. Whether this was psychosomatic or
helped by the eye massager I don’t know!!  Will definitely be using it again
tonight to put it to the test again! Definitely recommend.
    This product is extremely painful on my temples/side of my eyes. Even on the
soft mode it hurts so much I have to stop using it. I even let my mum try it to
see if it was just me and she had to turn it off too. After using this everyday
for 5 days of trying to use it I developed a terrible migraine so I won’t be
using this product again. Also, all the massage settings are the different names
but they are essentially the same... I will be returning this.
    Omg!! This eye massager is amazing! I'm glad I took the chance in buying
this..I sleep like a dead fish and I'm so so relaxed after using this almost
every night! Its so good I bought one for my son who sit alot on his computer
for his studies and jobs,  he said he's getting better sleep due to Renpho eye
massager! I can't get enough of the massager..sometimes I use the automatic mode
and the sleep mode in one night before bed time and poof! I'm in dreamland.
Highly recommended 👌  excellent product and excellent quality and price! O think
its helping with my puffy eyes too..but mostly I look forward to using it and I
know I'll get a good night sleep 😴  RENPHO EYE MASSAGER  is AWESOME!
    I got this product because my eyes get very tired after 8 hours work each
day in front of computer. I placed the order on Wednesday night and had it
delivered by Friday lunch time! Have been using it every night since. Heating
and vibration greatly relieve the eye tiredness. And the soothing music calms me
down. Feeling totally relaxed after each use. Operation of this product is very
easy and straight forward, just a few taps would take you to your choice of
mode. You could easily do it while you have it on. Also the massager is very
comfortable to wear. It doesn’t leave marks around the eyes.  Extremely happy
with this product. Highly recommended!
    Un très bon produit, un moment de détente.L’essayer c’est l’adopter et cela
devient difficile de ne pas l’utiliser. Un relâchement intense en fin de journée
devant les écrans ou après une journée au volant.Mon mari l’a essayé et il est
convaincu lui aussi
    Omg.... where have you been all my life. Honestly I love this. And everyone
should have one. I use it in the morning ( it is preset and is on for approx 10
mins) as I often wake up with a very sensitive head. ( not a hangover) due to
getting frequent migraines and cluster headaches. It relaxes my head and my eyes
feel refreshed. But also I use it before I go to sleep most nights. It really
helps me to drift off. Its so easy to use too. So was never a problem to get it
up and running. I initially decided to buy this to help me relax so that I didnt
turn to drink during this whole lockdown malarkey. And it has truly helped me in
the short time I've had it. And I'm hoping it keeps my headaches at bay. Thanks
so much for bringing out this product.
    An amazing product. Never expected it to be this good. I am amazed with the
build quality and the features it offers.PROS———1. Loaded with great
functionalities like air pressure, hear compression, vibration, various modes,
built in music, bluetooth connectivity to change default music2. Great built
quality. Amazed to see a solid body with PU leather touch3. Packaging is also
great to protect your gear. I keep it in its original box.CONS———1.
None.Overall, I am really happy with this product. A great product from Renpho.
I’ll probably buy again as a gift to parents and friends. This comment is based
on my use of this product only.
    Wasn't sure about this at first, but after getting used to it, I have found
it very relaxing and helpful in resting my eyes, especially during lockdown when
I'm spending too much screen time. The controls could be better. A more positive
button for putting it on and switching modes would improve the device. I am
constantly accidentally switching modes when I don't want to, just because I'm
hunting for the bluetooth button. Also it would be better if it could be
switched on in neutral, so that you could sort out bluetooth before starting
massage. Overall, an enjoyable product and I'm glad I bought it, even if
controls could be better.
    This product has been a life saver !- I am a paramedic, I’ve been at the
front line working long hours and this product is amazing. After wearing masks
and ppe - dry eyes and shattered this product 1) relaxes 2) massages 3) the heat
compression is incredible and the music option is brilliant! I know someone with
a similar product but this is the best on the market I promise. I’m happy to put
my name to that - Ian Caddick.
    Can’t stop using this amazing massager, and the music just sends you into a
zen state. Even my partner put it on and was asleep in a few minutes. It gives a
wonderful feeling around the eyes and takes the stress tension away. I find with
Renpho products are always top standard and quality. If you struggle with
tension headaches, eye headaches then this is the product for you. I recommend
you use the heat setting aswell and it is great when I use it with my back/neck
and foot massager by Renpho as well.
    I bought this on a whim in the sale because I regularly use a heat pack for
a dry eye condition and thought that this would be a change.  I love it, it
isn't as hot as a heat pack but the massage is incredible, much better than I
expected from a machine.  The massage on my temples and around the eyes is so
relaxing and I like the accompanying music and water sounds too.  My partner has
started using it too purely for relaxation - I'm very glad I bought it.
    Ma mère étant sujette aux migraines, j'ai essayé de trouver un moyen de la
soulager.Mon choix s'est porté sur ce masque. Elle l'utilise le soir depuis 3
semaines et elle en est très contente.Il y a un effet relaxant et défatiguant,
une amélioration sur les poches sous les yeux.sur sa dernière migraine, elle
senti un vrai mieux, elle a duré moins longtemps que sans le masque.
    Tras probar este revolucionario dispositivo he quedado gratamente
sorprendido, sus posibilidades son enormes, tras un duro día frente al ordenador
llegas a casa y te colocas el masajeador,  pones tu música favorita en el
Smartphone y comienza la relajación, tus ojos comienzan a sentirse relajados
desapareciendo la tensión ocular, la pesadez y el enrojecimiento de ellos.A su
vez te proporciona un suave masaje con vibración en la sien.Dispone de 5 modos
de masaje: modo claro, vitalidad, automático, reposo y cuidado de belleza, cada
uno de ellos con diferentes características.También incluye conectividad
Bluetooth para enlazar con tu dispositivo móvil y así poder oír tu música
mientras recibes el masaje aunque puedes optar por la música suave y relajante
que trae por defecto el dispositivo.Al mismo tiempo puedes regular el volumen
del sonido y la temperatura.Es recargable mediante un simple cargador usb.El
interior está agradablemente acolchado.Sinceramente nos encanta a mi mujer y a
mi ya que ella también lo usa para sus cuidados en el modo belleza.
    It’s pretty good at what it does. It’s not the most comfortable thing to
wear. But it’s excellent at massaging the eyes and forehead. And applies heat
and pressure at different levels. Very good for me.
    I bought this because I already have had great benefit from a neck and back
shiatsu massager, and I have the excellent Renpho body scales, with fat
percentage etc. The main benefit I get from the eye massager is in helping me
sleep: I find my brain racing, and the mask helps greatly. It uses a combination
of kneading the temples, with light pressure and heat on the eyes (the sac pumps
up with air to provide pressure without hurting the eyes) and music. there are 5
different programs from 5 minutes upwards. Would definitely recommend
    Cercavo da tempo un prodotto come questo! Soffro di male alla testa ed in
particolare mi prende a livello degli occhi. Passo molto tempo davanti al Pc e a
fine giornata gli occhi mi bruciano per l’eccessivo sforzo.Questo massaggiatore
posizionato sugli occhi e sulle tempie effettua piacevoli massaggi caldi o con
semplice cuscinetti d’ara che si gonfiano a intermittenza e danno sollievo alla
parte interessata. Vi è una voce che ci guida nella scelta del programma più
affine alle nostre necessità, il tutto accompagnato da musica rilassante che,
come la quantità d’aria e il calore emesso, può essere regolato nel volume. I
programmi (5 in totale) sono quindi personalizzabili.Ci sono 3 semplici pulsanti
sul visore nella parte esterna che comandano tutto il dispositivo ed è
pieghevole e molto accattivante come estetica.Inoltre il massaggiatore oculare è
ricaricabile con semplice USB senza avere intralcio nell’utilizzo dato dal cavo,
non c’è il caricabatterie ma si può utilizzare semplicemente quello del
cellulare.Inoltre è possibile collegare via Bluetooth il massaggiatore e
ascoltare la propria musica anche da Spotify in modo molto semplice!Il mio
programma preferito per ora è il vitalità ( 10 mininuti di massaggio aria +
calore+ musica ).Mi ritengo molto soddisfatta e ne consiglio l’acquisto!
⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Ottimo per massaggiare
anche le tempie,in base alle varie modalità di possono avere vari tipi di
massaggi. Poiché oltre a massaggiare emette anche del calore,ho trovato molto
comoda la possibilità di regolare sia il calore che la pressione del massaggio.
Potete personalizzare il tipo di modalità (vedi foto) con le varie regolazioni.
È possibile anche escludere il calore o la vibrazione. Molto rilassante anche la
musica preimpostata (forse nel video si sente) ma volendo potete collegare con
il Bluetooth il telefono e ascoltare la musica che preferite. Nel video di vede
come premendo ogni volta il tasto cambia la modalità di massaggio,una voce in
inglese vi informa che modalità avete selezionato. Unico suggerimento per
ottenere un massaggio corretto,dovete posizionare bene l'apparecchio né troppo
in alto rispetto agli occhi né troppo in basso e di non tenerlo largo altrimenti
il massaggio non rende.
    The seller was very helpful as was unable to deliver due brexit. He refunded
the payment and gave me a link to buy in uk, which was delivered promptly. The
eye massager is really made well and works well, I’m very pleased with the
results and would most definitely recommend this massager. It is easy to use,
quality product, beautifully packaged
    Really great massage device.There is a limitation in that you always receive
heat compression on all of the modes available and while this is not an issue to
me personally, it may be an issue for someone with heat sensitivity.It has a
very strong massage for those who need it, which can be changed to a softer
massage at the touch of a button, Bluetooth works perfect and always starts off
by default, speaker quality is decent and volume adjustment works well although
you can just do this from your phone once connected.
    Pro:1. The build quality is really good2. The heat and massage pressure are
sufficiently intense for me (my "intensity" threshold is quite high)3.
Comfortable to wearCon:1. The control is a bit fussy2. I don't feel much
difference after using it for a few times. I may update this review after a
while longer.
    I’m not sure if I have a defective device as I cannot hear the music whilst
wearing it but everyone else can hear it if in the same room as myself  I also
find the mechanism so loud that I struggle to relax
    Great product ticks all the boxes. Relaxes my eye area , nice heating
action, built in music, but can also blu tooth music to the device
    Ich muss ehrlich zugeben, dass ich nicht daran geglaubt habe, das dieses
Gerät mich überzeugt . Bin allerdings positiv überrascht, wie angenehm 15 Min
Augen Massage ist. Die Augen werden durch die Wärme der Brille in ein
Entspannungsmodus gebracht . Durch die Musik ,die über Bluetooth verbunden
werden kann, hat man die Möglichkeit auch akustisch fürs Relaxen zu sorgen.
Durch die verschiedenen Modi hat man die Möglichkeit unterschiedliche Massagen
zu wählen . Wenn es etwas zu meckern gibt, ist es das Brummen der kleinen
Motoren. Allerdings nehme ich das gern in Kauf für diese wohltuende Massage .
    Although i did initially like this product as it felt well made - the
speaker is low quality and low volume meaning there is little point using it.
Additionally the pre recorded relaxing sounds are on a short repetitive loop,
are crackly and fairly annoying.  The heat function was great while it worked
but after 7 weeks stopped working.  On the positive side there was a no quibble
replacement sent out after i made them aware of the fault.
    It really helps to relax the muscles around eyes. I like the heating part
the most. Every charge can use for around 5 programs since I am not using it
every day. Really happy with the product.
    Love, love, love this item! I bought it when it was on offer as I suffer
with headaches & migraines.I usually turn off the music, ads heat, vibration &
firm pressure.It's so incredibly relaxing that once it stops & put it on
again.My brother in law tried it & he's hooked too, (which is a glowing
recommendation in itself as he's hard to please).Overall if it's a fantastic way
to de-stress & relax - just need one for my feet now.
    Was ok. The problems I faced were that the controls were touch sensitive
which is terrible user experience when you are wearing the device. Also my
battery lost charge after 1 session so I had to return it, tried something else
instead.Edit: also, the way the product vibrates makes my face so itchy! Was not
comfortable at all.
    Amazing product, I using it twice a day and totally impressed. Relaxing and
a great massager
    Nice gadget. Nice relaxing experience and kind of ok massage. For me too
heat is too much.  It says on the amazon there is a heat adjustment unit in the
instruction there is nowhere to be found how to do it. So I am still not sure if
I will not return it.
    Got this in Black Friday sale and it was definitely value for money.  I get
that same relaxing feeling I have after a facial. I haven’t tried it with a
headache, not sure it would massage enough but it certainly wouldn’t do any
harm. Very relaxing
    This is an absolute awesome piece of equipment. Don’t know how I’ve managed
all these years without it. I love it. It’s easy to use and the only problem I
had was trying to get the band to the right size to fit my head! It’s definitely
worth the money. My eyes feel so good after a session of 15mins.  Just sit back
and it does the work.
    Bought this to help with really stingy eyes and to help with sleep.  Sadly,
the product helped with neither problems.  It is slightly relaxing to use, but
did not offer any relief.
    Bought three massagers.  One of them could’t be charged and wasn’t working.
Another one the heat mode stopped working before long. I contacted the customer
service and was told to wait patiently because it was their national holiday.
Chased them again but received no reply.
    Suffering continuous headaches and stressed out, this is amazing.I have used
it about 4 times, and each time the feel good factor last as few hours after
using. Headaches tension lifts a lot. It i it a as o relaxing too .
    I've just tried it and I am impressed. It's strange because it's new, but
it's so relaxing. I feel sleepy now. It's hard to explain what it feels like. I
was imagining those aliens stuck on the faces in the movies 😂
    Fantastic item that really does what it’s supposed to.
    This product is amazing, so relaxing.  I use it every day it’s good for
tired eyes and headache too.  I liked it so much that I bought one for my
daughter and she thinks it’s the best present I ever bought for her !  We are
both nurses, her in mental health and me in general nursing and we both love to
use it after a long day at work.
    Its all that it says very comfortable and also helps my sinuses and the
massage is very beneficial
    They arrived in good time. I find them very relaxing 😎 and therapeutic. I
love the choice of pressure, heat and the music. I highly recommend these eye
pressure, massage with  heat.
    My partner suffers from headaches/migraines and he’s been getting them a
little more frequently due to lockdown and not being able to get to the
osteopath. I found this online and thought we’d give it a go and we were both
surprised at how good it actually is. Great value for money. Warms your eye area
up and the pressure is just enough (on your temples and sockets) to ease some
pain. I’m not saying it’s going to cure a migraine but it certainly helps with
the pain.  The music that plays is a little annoying but easily turned off. Glad
we purchased it.
    Love this....my eyes feel so much better after useI would recomend this to
anyone with tired eyesI use automatic mode with high heat with the pulsating
that helps empty the eye troughs
    Im Zeitalter von Smartphone und PC/Laptop werden unsere Augen wie nie zuvor
gefordert. Eigentlich leisten unsere Augen den ganzen Tag Schwerstarbeit.
Deshalb war ich sehr gespannt auf dieses Augenmassagegerät von Renpho.Nach dem
Auspacken des Augenmassagegerätes, des USB-Ladekabels und der Gebrauchsanleitung
habe ich das Gerät zum laden an den Laptop angeschlossen. Das ist schon einmal
hervorragend, da man keine Batterien mehr benötigt. Die Bedienung ist
selbsterklärend, zum Glück, denn die Gebrauchsanleitung ist in Englisch
geschrieben.Man kann die Luftdruckintensität einstellen und auch die Wärme. Ich
empfinde es als schön, nach einem anstrengenden Tag die Wärme dazu zu schalten.
Die Musik die nebenbei läuft ist sehr beruhigend. Man kann sogar über Bluetooth
Verbindung mit den eigenen Geräten aufnehmen und die Lieblingsmusik oder das
Hörbuch abspielen lassen.  Das ist eine tolle Idee!Die Akkupressur ist
hervorragend für Menschen, die unter Spannungskopfschmerzen oder
Einschlafstörungen leiden. Einfach 15 Minuten ruhig da liegen, sich von dem
Gerät verwöhnen lassen und dabei entspannen. Das hilft manchmal Wunder. Mir hat
es jedenfalls sehr gut getan und es ist für mich schon ein Ritual geworden, nach
einem anstrengenden Arbeitstag einfach mal 15 Minuten abzuschalten.Klare
Kaufempfehlung meinerseits!
    This massager is amazing!! Wish I bought this earlier; it is what I have
been missing! Nice and easy to use and feels so nice and relaxing. It helps to
soothe my eyes and I get a better quality sleep - love it!!
    I came across this by chance and bought when on offer £40 for my wife as a
gift. Very different to anything I’ve seen before. Really good though and does
help relax.
    Wow what a product.  Used for the first time and already feeling the
effects. My family have also been using it and it’s already put 1 to sleep...and
that ones the loudest!When it’s on it feels like you’re in the future
    Madre mía las cosas que se inventan... Es como si te estuvieran dando un
masaje en la cabeza... Te va masajeando las sienes y toda la zona de los ojos,
cosa que hace que te relajes muchísimo... Pero al mismo tiempo va calentando
toda la zona, así que da mucho gustito, y encima relaja más. Puedes regular la
temperatura y la presión de sus válvulas de aire. Y además... puedes optar por
cambiar su música relajante y ponerte la tuya, gracias a su conexión bluetooth.
¡Muy buena compra!
    J'ai acheté ce masseur oculaire pour me relaxer le soir après une dure
journée. C'est vraiment impressionnant comme cela fait du bien. La chaleur que
le masque diffuse permet une relaxation quasi immédiate. Quant'aux massages
qu'il prodigue par compression et décompression c'est juste du bonheur.
Evidemment rien ne remplace un massage chez votre esthéticienne mais le prix
n'est pas le même, c'est donc un très bon compromis.Nature et découverte propose
ce type de produit à un prix exorbitant, et je suis bien contente d'avoir trouvé
celui-ci à petit prix.Ravie de mon achat
    Think the device is good but I personally found the device a bit noisy when
I was trying to relax.Could Bluetooth option to connect to phone and listen to
music.
    Only downside to it is that when you go to take it on and off - as the
buttons are just touch sensitive you can easily change the settings by accident
    This is an incredible devise and a life changing purchase. It provides a
very relaxing experience through a variety of different settings. I bought this
product to help my eye strain problem and it has helped me considerably.However,
and I'm not sure if a received a dodgy set but the heat on these is
disappointingly weak. It rarely even turns on at all.Perhaps 3 stars is a little
harsh but "powerful heat massage" was on the tin ....
    Electric eye massager.Very nice and very relaxing.I use twice a day 👍
    Got this for my hubby as he needs to relax more and this product does just
that, he puts it on every night has a great chill usually falls a sleep - he
says it’s is one of the best presents I have got him, once fully charged can get
several usages before recharging again
    Vitality mode - yes please !Could do with less noise but the massage is top
notch.These guy could give you more of the massage that comes in the second half
of Vitality mode.
    The heating feature didn't work on the first eye massager I received but
Renpho quickly replaced it. It's well made and provides a squeezing motion type
massage that doesn't quite replicate a massage from a human but nevertheless,
for the money, it's a very good product. I particularly like that it massages
the temples as well as the eye area.
    I’m in love with this eye massager, all my family is using it everyday. I
got mine without the remote and its still easy to use with the buttons. :) Go
and get it For yourself! It’s like a mini spa at home and I’m a Beauty therapist
so Trust me :)
    Quite a good piece of equipment
    The massage and the heat is good but is super noisy..after a couple of
minutes the noise gets really annoying and make it impossible to relax!!
    My wife’s favourite present out of all of them!
    Gifted to a work colleague as a gift as she was having anxiety issues at
nightShe said she would recommend
    Best Christmas present everJust sit back relax and enjoy the little finger
tips that massage you stress away
    The product is very well made with high quality plastic.Whilst it might of
totally got rid of my headache it certainly did help.As a device for relaxation,
amazing.Found it so soothing and relax.
    Disappointed of The motor was so noisy. Not really enjoy for go to bed. Not
match with calm and relax music.
    controls need better explanation. I am partially sighted.selecting the
correct mode not obvious.
    Love it
    Did not realize how relaxing this eye massager is until I tried it. Great
for a quick power nap.
    This is a great product and very relaxing. It is quite noisy and mine came
without the remote advertised so I am giving 3 stars for that, however if it was
quieter and the remote did come included, this would defo be a 4/5 star product
and very relaxing!
    Very relaxing, comfortable and very good at taking the strain out of your
eyes. Definitely recommended for tired eyes. Works really well evens as a pamper
gift.
    Very easy to use, relaxing to it best while listening to music from ur
fone.It a little bit big but that nothing too much.It release the tension of my
eyes so much.
    I have dry eyes and I really like this product. It provides relief for
headaches aswell, I love the heat function. However the only down side for me is
that it’s quite loud
    I love this product. It helps me relax my tired eyes specially it has added
music.
    I've ordered these goggles for my husband as he suffers from headache after
working long hours with his computer.He absolutely loves them! they are well
built and have several modes +/- heat +/- music.
    It works well and massages well however it could be more gentle
    Very good eye massager. Quite impressed with the build quality and your eyes
feel complete relaxed after using it.
    Good quality product, slightly noisy but not a big issue. Gentle massages
the scalp and helped me with my headaches. Recommend it
    Ordered 2 - 1 as a gift. No issues with the item itself but 1 was clearly a
return with a missing USB cable. Have disinfected - great for relaxation and
tension headache due to using a computer all day but don't expect to pay full
price for a second hand item.
    This eye massager is great and comfortable I always use it just before I go
to sleep, the only downside for me is no battery indicator so sometimes I use it
half way through or few minutes in it tells me low battery
    OMG.This is quite sensational.Love it.Had my best sleep in forever after one
use.
    Heat aspect not working from new emailed Renpho support but have not yet got
a responce Phone number for uk support not answered tones out
    I suffer with vestibular migraine and have a lot of eye strain and pressure,
this has helped a lot it feels amazing and I am so glad I bought it.I use a
minimum of 3 times a day it is just amazingI highly recommend
    Love this  item  its a brill massage to ur eye area so relaxing
    Really like this item good value
    Everything works really well, the touch sensitive controls are extremely
sensitive and get a little getting used to, the confirmation voice announcement
is clear but can lag behind a little if buttons pushed in quick succession.
    I don’t usually write reviews but after using this eye massager for just
over a week it’s done my eyes the world of good I suffer with really bad
swallowing round my eyes and bad headaches the swallowing has gone down loads I
haven’t had a headache since I started using this .
    Bought it to help me relax and sleep. And it does!
    I love this and so does my husband. I suffer with headaches and stress eyes.
After using this I have to say it feels amazing
    Heavenly!
    Works great , only negative is buttons so sensitive that when using and to
set mode, heat, pressure etc I have to do it a few times as it either goes past
or starts too soon. Could well be me though.
    Love them very relaxing
    Great product ! Easy to use , very happy with my purchase
    Je me suis basée sur les avis des autres acheteurs et j ai eu raison! C est
15mn de bonheur pur et de détente absolue . Je le fais 2 fois avant de m
endormir j avais de gros problèmes d endormissement et la plus de souci l esprit
le corps se décontracte tout doucement . Le bruit n est pas très gênant le mode
d emploi en français très facile d utilisation se charge entre 2 à 3 h .
Livraison reçue avant la date prévue initialement..tout est parfait
    Just what doctor ordered
    Best thing I have boughtI suffer with tension headaches and migraines and
this was a wellcome relief to try
    I have constant nasal and sinus congestion, and regular headaches (usually
2-3 per week). Have only used it three times so far, but this product seems to
help. The massage action with heat around the eye, temple, and nasal region is
clearing my nasal passages and the first thing I want to do after using the
product is blow my nose.  Accordingly last night I slept quite well as my nasal
passages were clear enough for nose breathing.Perhaps most excitedly, I see this
product as being a relaxation benefit for some (not all) people on the autism
spectrum / Asperger's. During meltdowns I find comfort in applying pressure in
the eye region. I see this product being a benefit during a stressful situation
/ meltdown. The application of pressure and heat should distract from the cause
of the meltdown, and an effective way to shut-out the outside world by
completely blocking visual stimulus, and to refocus auditory and touch stimulus
back to the massage unit, and away from whatever external stimulus triggered the
meltdown.The only negative is I have a large head circumference, so the head
band feels very tight on me, and I guess the other thing the buttons on the side
can be a little tricky to find when you are quite literally feeling for them in
the dark it can be easy to press the wrong control, but this is just a case of
getting used to things. Just another 3 or 4cm (an inch?) more adjustable on the
headband for people with large heads would make this ideal.Overall I am
extremely impressed with the build quality. The unit is very sturdy, and comes
with well-written instructions. I am extremely happy with this purchase.
    Love this & felt the benefit On my dry eyes .... the only down side is the
noise ... after a bit its annoying & feels like you’re having your tyre
pressures done!!!
    Very pleased with this I read all the reviews before purchasing found them
all to be correct very nice and relaxing.
    love this thing
    This eye mask is brilliant it help my dry eyes so relaxing I will be buying
another when I open my business up my clients going to love is great product I
use mine everyday love it
    I rarely write review, but this product just makes me feel “omg”! It is so
comfortable and relax. I wish I could know it earlier. Totally opens my new
world.
    These are noisy even with the internal music. But if you use noise
cancelling Bluetooth headphone with soothing music,then they are Fab.
    A perfect rest for the eyes. Breathe better because it clears the sinuses.
    This item is very comfortable & serves its purpose if you just need 10
minutes relaxation for tired eyes
    Perfect, really relaxing. I read a lot about eyes massagers and came to this
brand. Very satisfied.
    Not as good as I hoped forBoth eye socket massages are not syncedRetuned
    Tras probarlo todos los dias desde que me llegó, he de decir que no se como
he podido vivir sin él. Al principio no me llegaba a convencer, pero lo compré
para probar y desde entonces lo uso antes de dormir con el SleepMode y me deja
super relajado, me ayuda a conciliar mejor el sueño. Es muy intuitivo, y las
instrucciones son claras y en muchos idiomas (incluido el español). Totalmente
ajustable y se adapta bien a la cara. En definitiva: Me ha encantado.
    Ho deciso di acquistare questo prodotto attirata dalle promesse della
presentazione. La consegna da parte di Amazon è stata velocissima come sempre.
Ho provato il massaggiatore la sera stessa in modalità automatica con pressione
soft.  Già nel corso del primo utilizzo ho tratto beneficio dal massaggio, la
nevralgia che mi stava tormentando da giorni è diminuita. Ora dopo cinque giorni
di utilizzo  devo dire che a fine di ogni massaggio mi sento molto più
rilassata, più fresca e riposata di prima.Ho provato anche il programma bellezza
che utilizza solo la comprensione e il calore e mi ha lasciato una piacevole
sensazione di freschezza.L'apparecchio è ben fatto, completo di cavo USB e
istruzioni anche in italiano che ne spiegano bene il modo di utilizzo e i tasti
di comando, il rapporto qualità prezzo è ottimo.Ne consiglio l'acquisto.
    On devient vite accroc à ces « lunettes de sommeil » ! Plusieurs programmes
et musique de relaxation intégrée. Anti-stress, relaxation... Après il faut se
battre pour garder sa place dans la file car le succès est total et toute la
famille en profite. Excellente idée cadeau.
    Spot on
    Habe mir diese Massagebrille wegen meiner Migräne und Bildschirmarbeit
bestellt benutze sie täglich 10-15 Minuten ...Die Brille sitzt gut eine
angenehme Massage mit oder ohne Musik.Sie hat eine Wärmefunktion die man
dazuschalten kann sehr angenehm. Das Gerät kann mit dem Handy verbunden werden
und es spielt eigene Musik ab klasse ! Ich bin begeistert meine
Migränekopfschmerzen werden weniger ich bin viel entspannter.Ich nutze das Gerät
gerne vor dem Einschlafen bzw. In der Mittagspause zur kurzen Entspannung. Für
mich klare Weiterempfehlung.
    User friendly and works well.
    Als Mann lächelt man ja über Werbeaussagen wie "Tränensäcke
verschwinden,Augenringe wie von Zauberhand weg",aber Entspannung und besser
Schlafen sind dann die Punkte gewesen wo auch ich der Werbung erlegen bin.Gerät
kommt in einer wertigen Verpackung (wie alles von Renpho) und wurde gleich
ausgepackt.Die Beschreibung hält sich mit 3-4 kleinen Seiten sehr kurz, aber
vollkommen ausreichend.Ein/Aus Intensität Wärme,3 Tasten reichen und sind
teilweise doppelt belegt.Was auch gut so ist,da man ja nichts sieht wenn man die
Massage geniesst.Gut das die Tasten sehr gut zu erfühlen sind.Die Wärme ist
angenehm und auch die unterschiedlichen Druckpunkte passen anatomisch.Mit einer
Freundin probiert, die einen kleineren Kopf hat und auch sie hat es als angenehm
empfunden.Unterschiedliche Programme und Laufzeiten sind auswählbar.Man kann
sich auch von einer Melodie beschallen lassen, diese wird aber von dem Geräusch
der Pumpe übertönt.Auch Koppelung mit Handy per BT ist machbar, was ich nicht
angetastet habe.Dann lieber die eigene Lieblingsmusik im Ohr.Der Tragekomfort
ist gut und auch die Haptik ist schön gelöst.Für die Urlaubsreise ist das Gerät
faltbar und man muss nur das Ladekabel mitnehmen (Handyladegerät ist ja immer
dabei im Urlaub).Fazit:Für gestresste Bildschirmworkoholics,Brillenträger und
"Augenarbeiter" kann ich das Gerät empfehlen.Tränensäcke?Weiß ich noch nicht :-)
    A few months ago I replaced a faulty Fitbit scale with a RENPHO scale and I
was really impressed by the quality and usability of a scale from a company
frankly has never heard of. I recently went to their website and saw they had
this new eye massager and as I have both a stressful job and suffer
fromMigraines I thought I’d give it a go. And to be honest it’s quite a
surprising piece of tech.  The manual is a bit light on details but out of the
box you simply put it on and turn it on and wow what a weird and pleasant
feeling. The massage is both an eye (which sounds weird) but also temple
massage. And very soothing. It’s a bit like a real massage in that it provides
pressure and then release. The initial massage takes 5 minutes but there are
longer ones. It also heats up but not all settings have the heat mode. I’m
looking forward to trying a few more of the settings. But I genuinely am
enjoying this new and interesting piece of tech.
    Eye massagerBeen using it for at least 8 times now.It felt weird at first
but I love this little gadget!Pros:-beautiful sleek/futuristic design & came in
a beautiful box package-rechargeable with cable provided-5 settings/modes
(1-pressure & heat, 2-pressure, heat & vibration...not sure of the order but
there is pressure only, vibration only & heat only)-relaxation music during
massage session (waves, rain)-Bluetooth connection-1 full charge (takes
approximately 2.5hours) for 4 15mins session-green light advising its fully
charged, red mode when chargingCons:-no charger (but you can get one for under
3$- must be under 2v as indicated)-can’t connect to Bluetooth before the 15
minutes session starts. You’ll have to use the heat only mode to do the
connection which I do & put the eye massager above your eyes.-wished it was
longer or can do another massage session without reconnecting the Bluetooth-
you’re practically a blind person when trying to choose the mode, changing the
pressure mode or connect to Bluetooth. It has a little plastic protruding out!
It’s a hassle so I don’t really touch anything once it starts.-buttons are super
sensitive!-low battery during my 4th session ☹️  and the voice advising low
battery is loud for me. It might tough out for a 5th session.Best investment for
me since I have to stare at a computer screen for 10hrs a day & I do enjoy
watching movies/tv shows. Use it while on break at work & when going to
bed.Highly recommended!
    Massage très agréable, peut-être un peu fort sur les tempes , j’adore la
chaleur et est vraiment rapide consomme très peu d’énergie une seule charge peu
vous faire profiter de plusieurs massages
    My first time using it was with the kids around - don't do this! To really
get the most out of your eye massager, make sure you are resting and no one can
distract you. Now when the kids are in bed, I put on the eye massager and it
forces me to relax. Because it is covering your eyes, you aren't tempted to
check your phone or watch TV. You really have to just sit down and relax, which
is perfect for people who always have a 'to do' list and never take 5 minutes to
relax.I loved the gentle pressure it places on different parts of your eye and
temple area. I particularly loved having my temples massaged. There are
different settings, but I like the 'sleep' setting the most as it is so
relaxing. You can also adjust the temperature, which means in summer you can
turn the heat off and in winter warm up your eyes with the heat on. The only
thing I didn't like at first was the mechanical sound the massager makes when
it's increasing the pressure, but then I found the 'puff' sound of air pressure
being released made me go into a deeper relaxation. After a few goes I got used
to the mechanical sound and it didn't bother me. Also, don't wear eye makeup
while using the massager. It's best to use with a clean face so you don't dirty
the eye pads, but these look easy to clean anyway.
    I like all new smart equipment to improve my health, all RENPHO product is
best useful Morden invention , I start with owning Bluetooth weight scale  , I
bought 4 scales from Amazon already , Also price is right, think that is
wonderful Xmas gift, I like its shape, beauty, high class looking
    Ich habe das Augenmassagegerät bestellt, weil ich den ganzen Tag am Computer
arbeite und meine Augen abends sehr müde sind.Der Versand war sehr schnell,
Verpackung ist sehr schön. Das Gerät macht einen schönen Eindruck-sieht sehr
innovativ und modern aus. Massagegerät hat 5 verschiedenen Massage-Modus:
mit/ohne Musik, mit/ohne Wärme, man findet immer was passendes. Ich habe das
Gerät erst 3 Tage, aber werde weiter nutzen und dann nochmal die Wirkung
beschreiben.Werde das Massagegerät  auf jeden Fall im Flugzeug mitnehmen ;))
    Super produit , relaxant , simple d’utilisation j’aime le concept et je
l’utilise pour le plaisir ou bien même quand j’ai une migraine je recommande
    Tres agréable et un grand moment de détente. Je le recommande vivement
    This product is amazing for puffy and tired eyes. The heat function works
WONDERS for the skin under the eyes - I apply a little eye cream before using
the massager. There are four settings with heat, air compression and has
Bluetooth for music! I found so much relief using the RENPHO eye massager when I
have trouble with sinus pressure and headaches AND it helps with my dark circles
and bags. I absolutely recommend this product to anyone who suffers from
migraines. It is simply amazing.
    Verpackung, Lieferung und Kundenservice top.Das Gerät redet mit einem sodass
man weiß in welchem Modus man ist. Es gibt insgesamt 5 verschiede Modi wo man
dann Intensität und Wärme nochmal umändern kann.Die Brille spielt eigene
Enstspannungsmusik, man kann aber auch einfach seine eigene Musik via Bluetooth
abspielen.Zum Komfort, angenehme Erfahrung wenn man die Brille richtig
eingestellt hat.Menschen mit sehr sehr großem Kopf werden Schwierigkeiten haben,
und bequem ist es dann nicht mehr.Mir passt sie und ich bin zufrieden. Für den
Preis kann man eh nicht meckern.
    El paquete llegó puntualmente, como de costumbre. El empaque fue bueno y
sólido y el desempaquetado del producto es muy satisfactorio, con una caja de
presentación bastante impresionante y un plástico protector satisfactorio para
quitar.No fue acusado, pero se remedia rápidamente.Después de usarlo, me recosté
y traté de operar el masajeador mientras estaba encendido. Esta no fue una gran
idea porque los botones no se ubican fácilmente y no es fácil saber lo que está
tocando. Dejé que hiciera lo que quisiera y se sintió muy bien.Después de
experimentar y leer el manual, lo he estado usando desde entonces en un programa
bastante intenso. Proporciona calor, vibración, masaje e incluso música (aunque
lo apago, ya que no es más fuerte que el propio masajeador). Da una gran
sensación de masaje y realmente me siento mejor después de él.Mi única
advertencia es que tengo una cara bastante grande, por lo que creo que el tamaño
universal podría significar que estoy recibiendo una presión bastante intensa.
Eso está bien para mí, pero es posible que desee pensar en esto si es sensible.
    Lo he tenido que devolver pq NO es apto para personas operadas de la vista
.Tiene muy buena pinta pero deberían poner lo primero en descripción no lo
pueden utilizar si tienes enfermedad ocular o si te has sometido a una operación
ocular.
    Dommage pas de notice en français . Est ce quelqu'un pourrait m'expliquer 😃
merci
    I have chronic eyes for many years and now I have to keep them lubricated to
avoid touching my faceCan not wear eye make up I’d be rubbing it off within a
few hoursEye drops feel like water and don’t helpEye drop gel feels like bliss
if only just temporaryLove the feel of the massager in my handsI bought another
eye mask for day time use but this one for night timeI don’t want to ever feel
the dry grit feelingThe massage modes are great  they also have a heat only
optionTbh I didn’t find the heat only option hot enough around the eye area even
after multiple uses with heat with massage modeSo I gave it to my partner,  he
doesn’t mind the nature sounds and found it very relaxing experienceI would
recommend this productIf you don’t like the nature sounds you can Bluetooth with
you smart phone to turn off the nature sounds
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I really wanted to like
this as I work at a computer all day and get tired eyes, and I normally love
Renpho products but not this specific one.  I find the buttons much too
sensitive and I would accidentally change the mode just by trying to adjust the
machine on my face. I also tried to connect Bluetooth to it but every time I
tried to adjust the sound it would disconnect and then I couldn’t even get the
machine music to turn back unless I shut the machine off and restarted it.  The
buttons are just way too glitchy. I see that there is a different model that has
a remote instead of buttons on the machine and I suggest trying that model
instead.I really liked the heat and have no complaints on that. Pressure wise,
it is good but when it filled with air it would pinch the area around my eyes
and felt like I was getting a small shock.  I’m not sure if the material was
pinching my skin but it definitely makes me a little nervous using it so this
will be going back.
    Me gusta el masaje que da No me gusta que una vez puesto el acceso a los
botones me resulte difícil,  pues al no sobresalir un poco se hace complicado
acceder.Asimismo tampoco se escucha con la suficiente claridad los mensajes que
va indicando.Debo ser demasiado torpe, pero me apaño con lo que consigo.
    Das Augenmassagegerät der Firma RENPHO kam sehr schnell geliefert und kam in
einer hochwertigen Verpackung. Anfangs war ich etwas skeptisch, ob ich mich
wirklich mit diesem Gerät entspannen kann. Ich bin Mutter von zwei Kindern,
deshalb ist mit Entspannung im Alltag sehr wichtig.  Das Gerät könnte ein
bisschen weicher und komfortablerer sein und das Geräusch beim Massieren könnte
leiser sein, dennoch kann ich eine Empfehlung für das Gerät aussprechen, durch
die Musik und Wärme bzw. durch das Massieren kann ich vollkommen abschalten, die
Geräusche nimmt man nach einiger Zeit überhaupt nicht mehr wahr und auch die
Augen gewöhnen sich nach einiger Zeit an die Maske. Ich möchte das Gerät nicht
mehr missen! Die Bluetooth Verbindung des Geräts funktioniert sehr schnell und
einfach, sowie auch Einstellungen die man per einfachen Knopfdruck vornehmen
möchte. Einziges Manko ist das bei der Bedienungsanleitung alles auf Englisch
erklärt ist, das könnte Probleme bei Einigen hervor rufen.
    Pros:- Heats, vibrates, and applies amazing pressure for such a small (and
inexpensive) device.- Very relaxing after a full day looking at a computer
screen.- Works exactly as intended (exceeded my expectations).- Not
uncomfortable.- High quality materials (can't speak to long-term quality yet).-
Easy set up.Cons:- Controls are VERY difficult to navigate when you're wearing
the device due to all the controls being similar and placed close together. I
constantly found myself adjusting the wrong setting and having to cycle trough
to find the correct one.- The built in music is almost pointless since the
devices's mechanics are louder, wish I could disable the music setting
altogether.- Device can slip off your head despite tightening the strap.
    Me lo compré porque tengo ojo seco severo y he visto recomendaciones de
médicos para hacer masajes en los parpados inferiores y tratamientos con calor,
he de decir que me mejorado y mi relajación también, aunque recomiendo que
cuando el masaje esté en el parpado de abajo se levanten los ojos como mirando
al cielo ( sin abrirlos) para que la presión no se ejerza directamente sobre el
iris y tenga mas efecto en las Glándulas de Meibomio.Yo me hago un completo con
masaje y vibración y a continuación solo calor... relax total.
    I received this eye massager from Renpho to test and review. What follows is
my own opinion. The eye massager is packaged extremely well, although I would
recommend putting a sticker or some sort of safety seal on the bottom of the box
to 100% guarantee that the item is new. Upon opening the package, I was greeted
with a strong smell of cheap plastic/rubber. This smell has somewhat dissipated
after use, however some of it still lingers and I would highly recommend Renpho
to fix in any future revisions. The smell can be overwhelming, especially for
something that sits on your face right next to your nose. I did find the
charging port to be at a weird angle and initially struggled with plugging it in
to be charged.  The heat and air pressure functions are relaxing, but overall I
found the device to really pinch my nose and give me a headache after using. I’m
not sure if the headache was from the massage itself or the smell of the new
device. I found the device pretty loud, but playing music using the bluetooth
function does help. It is very easy to use the device and it starts instantly
once you turn it on. I wish the straps were longer or had the ability to detach
one side for when you are using the device laying down as it's tight around my
head. Overall, I think the device is relaxing and did depuff my eye area after
use and I feel relaxed after use. It reminds me of a massage chair.  I would
have given 4/5 stars, however given the odor and headache after use I could only
justify 3/5.
    Interesting contraption, and strange but in a good way. It's never gotten
rid of a headache, but it makes me fall asleep after only 15 minutes. The soft
touch buttons are close together, and you don't know what you're pressing while
wearing this thing. But, you get used to it, and it feels great on the eyes with
the heat and vibration functions. New, it generally lasts 4 uses (4x 15 minutes=
1 hour) before needing a recharge. There's a lot going on under the plastic
housing. It has an air pump, motors, a heating element, and who knows what else.
Pretty interesting. It feels nice on tired eyes.
    Eine sehr gute Idee für Menschen, deren Augen täglich besonders gefordert
sind. Ich arbeite 8-10h am Tag am OP-Mikroskop und merke abends wie die gesamte
Muskulatur um die Augen herum angespannt ist, was auch zu Kopfschmerzen führen
kann.Die Maske hilft durch die Massage und Wärmefunktion dabei sich zu
entspannen.Das Produkt macht für den Preis einen sehr hochwertigen Eindruck. Es
riecht anfangs noch etwas nach Kunststoff, das legt sich aber schnell. Das
Produkt ist hochwertig verpackt und wirkt robust. Bedienung ist sehr intuitiv.
Einzig die Geräusche der Pumpen sind wahrnehmbar. Das kann für manche etwas
nervig werden, man kann jedoch damit leben.
    With the working at home situation, I found I was staring at the computer
screen much more than I used to, so I thought I would try out an eye massager to
see if it would alleviate some stress I was feeling on the eyes.To be honest, I
was not expecting much at the start, but after using it for the past week or so,
I think it actually helps. My initial concern was air filled bags pushing on the
eyeball can’t be good right? I think I have now proven myself wrong in that
regard as I’ve found I feel more refreshed after each use and a bit more rested.
I don’t feel pain on my eyes after using the massager, and I think it also helps
to move the moisture around the eyes.The eye massager feels decently built, and
has a good hinge system that should mean it fits most heads (mine is quite big
and it fit mine). The area that touches the eye I believe is a fake leather type
material which is easy to clean after use (I use a tissue). For me, the amount
of pressure and the heat are at a good level. One thing that could be improved
is the audio quality (or just being able to switch it off completely), but I
don’t see it being an issue as it doesn’t affect my massage.I didn’t try
connecting it to my phone for music and don’t intend to as its just a massaging
tool for me, but I believe that option is there.Overall happier with the
purchase than I thought I would be, however still a little wary that its on my
eyes (but this thought will probably go away with more usage/trust of the
massager). I’d recommend it to people looking for an eye massager!
    I was skeptical at first about the product, but on my first test I didn't
even notice when I dozed off. Just woke up the next morning with it right next
to my pillow, so it definitely helped me relax.The pressure varies in levels and
it can get surprisingly strong, which satisfies me a lot. Overall I would
recommend the product if you need to relax and if you suffer from headaches or
just want to relax.The few downsides are: - There is some noise while the
product is in use. Nothing that disturbed me but definitely there's some noise
like air compressing and releasing, hissing, and some sort of rumble of the
product doing its magic. Some people might dislike that.- The fit is not 100%
perfect in me. I'm not sure if it is too small or too big for my face but it
doesn't sit perfect. Again, nothing that is a huge deal, since I fell asleep
while using it so I think it is working.
    Non avevo mai usato un massaggiatore oculare prima d’ora in vita mia ed ero
un po’ scettico. Nonostante ciò, il mio pregiudizio è sparito!Lavoro molte ore
al computer e la sera mi ritrovo con quella sensazione di occhi veramente
pesanti con cui faccio difficoltà a dormire.Lo sto usando da qualche giorno,
prima di andare a dormire e dopo pochi minuti già sento la pressione negli occhi
e le tempie diminuire di molto. Oltre al fatto che, grazie alla possibilità di
riprodurre tracciare musicali via Bluetooth, inserisco una piacevole musica
meditativa che da un effetto sinergico con il dispositivo.Molto semplice da
usare, ha solo 3 pulsanti: on/off, selettore modalità massaggio, selezione
modalità calore.Tra le funzionalità che più adoro, è la totale assenza di fili
durante l’utilizzo (ha una batteria interna ricaricabile) e la modalità calore
che riscalda la parte del viso su cui viene poggiato il massaggiatore.È un
prodotto che ho trovato veramente utile e che proverò ad utilizzare anche quando
viaggio (treno, aereo) e durante le pause pomeridiane. Al momento sono veramente
molto soddisfatto!
    Achtung, vorab gewarnt: Personen die sehr Druckempfindlich sind, (vor allem
Stirn, wangen, Augenboden) sollten diese Art Geräte mit Vorsicht genießen da
doch merklicher Druck aufgebaut wird.Für alle anderen : eine klare Empfehlung.
Entspannung Pur !Meine Frau (sonst sehr von Spannungskopfschmerz und Müden Augen
geplagt) schwört auf die entspannende Wirkung von Massage und Wärme. Ihre
Kopfschmerzen und Augenprobleme haben sich seit sie das Gerät !regelmäßig! über
einen !längeren! Zeitraum angewendet hat für sie erheblich gebessert.
    I bought this one for my kids as they have been staring at screens for too
long. Then we realized that this is not a one size fit all product. It doesn't
fit my kids, they can't feel the vibration or pressure, only the heat. It does
not fit me well around the nose area, but the sides are good. It fits my husband
perfectly but he think the power is not strong enough. I bought this one as this
is the one with the highest rate on Amazon. Maybe the fitness issue is the
reason that I could not appreciate it as much as the others.
    Article agréable qui apaise et permet de se relaxer, par contre à mon goût
le massage ne dure pas suffisamment. L'arrêt automatique est très court. Peut
être qu'un réglage est possible je vais éplucher le mode d'emploi.
    It's everything it promised to be - a soothing eye massager with inflatable
cushioning that decompresses and moves around your eye sockets to relax you... a
heating function which, in itself, is MAGIC!... and a spa-like sound that you
need to focus on to distract yourself from the compression sounds of the device.
So - what's not to like about this device? The power button. It worked fine the
first few times... but now, I'm having to circle around the indicator to hope
that my finger catches the embedded trigger to start the darn thing. Still
giving it a 4*... but would recommend getting this device that comes with a
remote!!!
    Ich habe mir dieses Gerät gekauft, da ich den ganzen Tag am Bildschirm
arbeite und meine Augen dann Abends schmerzen. Das Gerät ist gut verarbeitet und
macht einen soliden Eindruck. Beim Einschalten wird man von einer angenehmen
Stimme begrüßt, die Massage erfolgt mittels Luftdruck und man hört dabei
entspannende Naturgeräusche. Besonders angenehm empfinde ich die Wärmefunktion.
Es besteht auch die Möglichkeit über Bluetooth eigene Musik oder Töne
abzuspielen. Aus meiner Sicht ist das Preis- Leistungsverhältnis vollkommen in
Ordnung.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Beautifully packaged white
box similar to apple packaging. The mask looks very futuristic, white and
shiny.I have a small to medium size face and the massage rollers hits all the
right spots around my eyes, temple and eyebrows. The massage is amazing, I
literally don’t want to take it off. Also sync my iPhone with some rainforest
music feels like I’m in a spa. The audio quality for the generic music it comes
with isn’t that great but once you sync your own it’s very clear!The heat
setting can be adjusted and is perfect for my blepharitis, my ophthalmologist
suggested 10 mins of heat compression every night. This device just heats up in
a few seconds, saves me a trip to the kitchen’s microwave to heat up my
compression eye pads.I also have placed it on the forehead and it feels amazing,
gives an excellent head massage! truely relaxing.  And have used it on the back
of my stiff neck for a gentle neck massage with heat. I’m ready to fall asleep
now. Best device to get you relaxed and ready for bed.
    Ho acquistato questo prodotto perchè avendo spesso affaticamento e secchezza
della zona occhi dovuti alle numerose ore davanti al pc, ho voluto provare
questo massaggiatore automatico. Risultato? oltre ogni aspettativa.Il prodotto è
costruito con materiali di alta qualità, ed il feeling è premium. Si può
tranquillamente caricare con lo stesso trasformatore del telefono, ed il cavo è
un normalissimo micro-usb incluso nella scatola.Una volta posizionato nella
parte superiore della testa, è possibile scegliere tra 4 tipi di massaggio.
Oltre alle tipologie pre-impostate, è possibile anche modificare il calore, la
musica e l’intensità di massaggio per ogni programma reimpostato.L’oggetto
lavora principalmente sulle tempie e la zona subito sopra agli occhi. E'
possibile personalizzare la musica utilizzando un telefono ed il bluetooth.Dopo
10 minuti di massaggio ieri sera i miei occhi erano molto rilassati, una
sensazione che di solito non ho alla sera dopo una giornata in ufficio.Super-
Consigliato.
    3 major buttons. Largest to wake it. Almost too responsive so need to be
careful where you place your fingers. Better than not responsive. One to
Bluetooth connect. One to change programs from air vibration, massage and heat
or combinations.As per the title I use it daily and look forward to the
relaxation. Decent massage - comes to the tip of perhaps being too much, but
unlike other reviews I didn't find it painful at all. I expected something
worse, but great from the start.Heating feature is so relaxing on the eyes. Use
computer (like most of us) so this has been excellent to get my eyes to
relax.The sound is not great. One song it plays is tinny and annoying. Just
discovered you can change to an ocean wave sound, which is richer and much more
relaxing. The connection to your phone is easy, but sound quality is not good.
Best to just enjoy it in silence.But highly recommend it.
    J'adore ce masseur, plusieurs utilisations avec ou sans vibrations, chaleur,
musique. La routine est assez longue pour reposer sans être trop longue. Je
l'utilise avec et sans la chaleur, cela fait vraiment du bien, le massage est
fort mais pas douloureux, j'ai vu un effet dès la première utilisation, combiné
à mes gouttes oculaires, que je mets avant et après le massage. J'adore cet
appareil qui repose vraiment mes yeux douloureux au quotidien.
    Ras au top
    Davvero eccezionale! In genere sono una persona piuttosto nervosa e per me è
difficilissimo rilassarmi, ma devo dire che appena provato questo prodotto sono
subito entrata in uno stato di pieno relax soddisfacente! I massaggi sono
eseguiti molto bene e seguono la forma del contorno occhi se l'apparecchio è ben
posizionato. Il calore può aiutare anche in caso di mal di testa concentrato
alle tempie. Ci sono vari programmi e si può scegliere la pressione del
massaggio, il calore, la vibrazione, se attivare con i bluetooth la musica del
proprio smartphone  o meno, e si può anche regolare l'audio. Davvero un
dispositivo molto moderno e all'avanguardia con un ottimo rapporto qualità-
prezzo. L'ideale per riposare i propri occhi dopo una giornata passata davanti
al computer. Sono davvero molto felice di aver scoperto questo prodotto.
    Gestern kam die Lieferung von Amazon mit dem bestellten Augenmassagegerät -
genau zum richtigen Zeitpunkt, da ich unter wetterbedingter Migräne litt (nicht
extrem, aber lästig). Nachdem das Gerät aufgeladen war, habe ich es sofort
ausprobiert: Ich bin begeistert! Sehr wohltuend, sehr entspannend, wunderbar
erholsam! Das Gerät ist einfach zu bedienen (auch ohne Fernsteuerung) und macht
einen soliden und wertigen Eindruck. Wenn mein Kopf etwas größer wäre und meine
Augen ein bisschen weiter auseinander, dann wäre es wirklich perfekt, aber da es
keine Maßanfertigung ist und auf viele Köpfe passen muss, möchte ich nicht
meckern. Der Effekt ist trotzdem grandios. Ich empfinde es auch nicht als zu
schwer. Nach ca. 4 Anwendungen seit gestern musste es wieder aufgeladen werden,
das bekommt man ganz praktisch während der Anwendung von einer freundlichen
Frauenstimme mitgeteilt: Low power, please charge. Ich bin froh, dieses Gerät
gekauft zu haben und kann es eigentlich uneingeschränkt weiterempfehlen.
    No he quedado contenta con la compra, de hecho voy a devolverlo. Las gafas
no se adaptan a mi fisionomía, tal vez porque tengo la cabeza un poco más grande
de lo normal, el masaje en las sienes no me lo da en las sienes y la presión de
los ojos tampoco encaja bien, con lo que tampoco noto el alivio que esperaba. Es
una pena porque la idea es buena y si encaja bien con la medida de tu cabeza
debe ser muy placentero, pero en mi caso no ha resultado ser así
    Also, nachdem ich dieses Produkt, jetzt einige Wochen fast täglich zum
Spätnachmittag benutze, muss ich positiv feststellen, das meine Sehkraft der
Augen sich gebessert haben. Das Sichtfeld ist nicht mehr so verschwommen.
Weiterhin leide ich auch unter trockene Augen, auch hier ist eine Besserung
eingetreten. Das angestrengte sehen, z. B. im TV oder auch am LapTop, wie auch
beim Lesen (ich lese viel), auch hier komme ich mit dem Sehen besser klar, als
vor der Nutzung des Gerätes. (Häufiges Tränen der Augen und verschwimmen der
Schrift, des Bildes etc.). Zum Gerät, die Vibrationsstellen an den Augen kommen
genau an, und sind nach meiner Ansicht genau dimensioniert. Alles in Allem,
bereue ich diesen Kauf nicht und kann das Gerät guten Gewissens empfehlen.
    Für Menschen, deren Augen täglich sehr gefordert werden ( z.B. Arbeit am PC)
ist dies eine gute Idee, da es die gesamte Muskulatur um die Augen herum
entspannt. Die Maske hilft auch insgesamt sich durch die Massage und
Wärmefunktion zu entspannen.Das Produkt macht einen hochwertigen Eindruck u. die
Bedienung ist fast selbsterklärend, es liegt aber natürlich auch eine Anleitung
bei.Ein Stern Abzug, da es anfangs leicht nach Kunststoff riecht u. man die
Geräusche der Pumpen deutlich wahrnimmt. Aber wenn man dabei Musik hört, ist‘s
völlig ok.
    BUILD QUALITY:The RENPHO Eye massager is solid, with a thick strap, durable
plastic eye shield, and a comfortable pleather eye mask. The strap is thick and
flexible. The massager has some heft to it. Definitely no toy.PACKAGING:High
quality, well-packed and secured. There should be no worry of the item coming
damaged. It is tightly packed in foam material and the shell is covered in
protective plastic. The back of the box has many product details neatly laid
out. Reminds me of smartphone packaging.USE & FUNCTIONALITY:To put it simply, it
works. After a full cycle (about 5 minutes), the RENPHO eye massager leaves my
eyes feeling refreshed.  Upon my first use, I was a little bit uncomfortable, as
my eyes were prodded (gently, to the sound of zen music) repeatedly. But when I
took the mask off, I noticed a relieved feeling in my eye/temple area. As
someone who suffers from dry eyes and spends a lot of time staring at a screen,
the eye massager is nice to have. I especially like it at nighttime, before
bed.The massager has many functions, including adjustable heat and pressure
settings. As I had mentioned, the device also has speakers which play zen music
while the device works. I didn't think I'd care for this, but it's certainly
preferable to listening to the dull droning of the motors as they press down on
your eyeballs.No matter how I adjust the strap, it always seems to slide down
and press on the bridge of my nose, which makes it difficult to breathe through
my nose. In order to position the massager just right, it sort of rests on my
nose, which creates the issue. It seems that the machine is a bit too large. It
would be preferable if there were more of a divet for the nose.FINAL THOUGHTS:It
works well and I'm glad to own this machine. It's very portable. The battery
life seems quite good, considering how much power the massager needs to
function. You'll get multiple uses before you have to charge it. It even has
Bluetooth, although I haven't made use of this feature.It does what it was
designed to do, and is an attractive, high quality product.You won't be
disappointed at this price point.
    Je me suis procurée ce masque pour relaxer mes yeux après de longues heures
devant l’écran, les décongestionner le matin et peut-être aussi espérer que ça
réduise un peu les rides au passage :-)  Finalement, je l’utilise pour
m’endormir. Sérieusement je m’endors après quelques minutes, même si je fais ça
juste pour relaxer mes yeux en plein après-midi et que je n’ai pas particulière
sommeil. Petit bémol,  J’enlèverais bien le mode musique qui s’enclenche
automatiquement et qu’il faut ôter en appuyant plusieurs fois sur le bouton. Je
ferais l’inverse. On met la musique si on en a envie. J’ai réveillé mon conjoint
hier avec cette musique qui part sans qu’on la demande. Sinon, je trouve cet
appareil vraiment génial et je le conseille a tout ceux qui veillent relaxer,
    Ich muss sagen, das Augenmassagegerät von RENPHO hat meine Erwartungen
übertroffen.Ich habe oft mit Kopfschmerzen und brennenden, müden und
geschwollenen Augen zu tun. Also dachte ich mir, ich probiere es mal aus. Der
hohe Preis hat mich erstmal irritiert, aber hier steckt schon einiges an Technik
drin und die Verarbeitung ist sehr gut und hochwertig.Das Gerät an sich ist
recht schwer, das stört aber nicht weiter.Jetzt aber zum wichtigen Teil der
Rezension: ich hätte nicht gedacht, dass die Massagefunktion sooo gut ist.
Tatsächlich ist es eine Massage der Stirn, Augen und Schläfen und die wichtigen
Punkte werden gut getroffen. Der Druck ist schön fest und die Musik- und
Wärmefunktion runden das ganze ab.Es gibt verschiedene Modi, von Entspannung bis
Vitalitymode. Ist also für jeden Bedarf was dabei.Einen Stern Abzug gibt’s für
die doch recht lauten Brummgeräusche. Das lässt sich zwar kaum vermeiden, aber
ist etwas störend finde ich.
    Ottimo massaggiatore oculare. Prima di recensire ho atteso due settimane per
comprendere e riuscire a valutare al meglio le peculiarità. Posso confermare le
tante recensioni positive, diversi tipi di massaggi, più o meno intensi, musica
rilassante, insomma un’ottima soluzione per alleviare lo stress da studio e
lavoro.
    Es simplemente FENOMENAL!Trabajo todo el dia frente al ordenador, ya uso
gafas de aumento con proteccion azul y anti reflejos, y sufro de migrañas...
Este producto simplemente ha sido la salvacion en mis noches.Al llegar a casa lo
uso, 2 veces y quedan mis ojos mi cara como nuevo! Super recomendable!!🥰🥰🥰
    Me ha gustado muchísimo. Al principio no le veía la gracia, pero ahora busco
el rato para ponérmelo, me relaja los dolores de migraña y de ojos. Por ponerle
alguna pega, es que no recuerde la configuración que le pones, ya que mi
favorito es el modo sleep sin calor y cada vez que lo enciendo tengo que ponerlo
de nuevo. Otra cosa también es que me estoy quedando medio dormida y justo se
acaba, me gustaría que empezase de nuevo sin tener que encenderlo cada vez, pero
entiendo que igual esto es por razones de salud, que no se deba hacer el masaje
mas tiempo de 10-15 minutos. Lo recomendaría sin ninguna duda, para los ojos
cansados, migrañas, o simplemente para relajarse.
    Ich arbeite täglich 8 Stunden am Bildschirm und in meiner Freizeit bin ich
der heutigen Technik (Handy, Playstationauch nicht abgeneigt,demnach fühlen sich
meine Augen manchmal schon sehr überlastet an.Daher war ich, als ich über dieses
Produkt "gestolpert" bin, ziemlich neugierig, ob so etwas tatsächlich etwas
bringen kann.Sowohl Verpackung, als auch Gerät fühlen sich sehr wertig
an.Zunächst einmal aufladen und die Bedienungsanleitung lesen.Diese beginnt mit
Warnhinweisen, wann man die Maske nicht benutzen sollte (technische und
gesundheitliche Aspekte). Danach geht es mit einem klar beschriebenen Schaubild
der Funktionsknöpfe der Maske weiter.über 3 Knöpfe können sämtliche Funktionen
gesteuert werden. Man kann je nachdem wie lange man eine Taste drückt folgende
Dinge einstellen:TemperaturLautstärkeModusLuftdruckintensitätBluetoothSomit kann
man die Maske seinen Bedürfnissen/Vorlieben anpassen.Sie besitzt 5
Modi:StandartVitalmodusAutomatikmodusSchlafmudusBeautymodusDiese unterscheiden
sich sowohl in der Länge, als auch in den benutzten Funktionen.Mein persönlicher
Favorit ist der Standartmodus, da er mir in nur 5 Minuten (also "mal eben, kurz
zwischendurch) eine Entspannung der Augen bringt.Die Bluetoothverbindung habe
ich nur einmal getestet, da mir die Standartmusik der Maske gefällt.
    Amazing product. I saw a lot of people say they use it for migraines, which
i dont have but i use it for fun cause i love personal attention and massages
and this is perfect for me ! A bit loud but its the mechanic so i dont think it
could have been quieter and you can play your own music via Bluetooth which is
amazing. I was really skeptical paying 70$ for a product that doesn’t do alot
but this is worth every penny. Took a couple of use to figure out all the
buttons but after a day the use is easy. I bought it while being quarantined
with my family and they all joke that they want to steal it from me cause they
all love it. I use it 20 minutes before bed and it’s perfect. I especially like
the timer on it so you can choose if you wanna stay 5 or 10 minutes on it
without worrying about how much time you stay under that thing. Only thing after
20 minutes on soft pressure your head might start to hurt from the constant
pressure so id say this product is best used for 5-15 minutes. Anyway im so
happy love it
    La verdad, al principio estaba yo un tanto escéptica ante la funcionalidad y
el beneficio del aparato, pero he de decir que estoy gratamente sorprendida
porque funciona de verdad y muy bien! Aparte de los 4 programas estándard, se
puede regular individualmente la intensidad de los masajes y del calor, o
incluso desactivar el calor. Despues de un masaje, la sensación de relax es
máxima, tanto que en ocasiones te quedas dormido. El aparato tiene un buen
acabado y da la impresión de ser de calidad, parece robusto, además de cómodo de
utilizar. Una grata sorpresa, estamos encantados.
    Detente
    I was surprised at how easy this was to use!  Pair with your phone via
Bluetooth for your own music or listen to the soothing sounds that come with it.
I am looking forward to using the heat option in the winter as my sinuses often
bother me in the night.  I bet this would be a good item for migraine sufferers
as well.  It massages the temple area nice and firmly and relieves eye stress
and strain.  I was a bit skeptical as to whether I would enjoy this, but I
really enjoyed the feeling and found it soothing.  It’s rechargeable too so no
worrying about buying batteries all the time.  Give it a try!
    The Renpho Eye Massager is basically a great device especially for someone
who has fatigue and sleep issues.Packaging. Everything you need is complete. It
has a microUSB cable and you just have to plug it in the side holes for
charging. It only takes 2-3 hours to charge.Physical Attributes. It is very
portable and also foldable which makes it very handy and compact. I personally
bring it when I travel and have gone the habit of taking it with me wherever I
go. It is safe to carry it around you. Moreover, the way it fits and contours
the face is very easy as it comes with an adjustable strap. The texture that
seats on your face is a nice leather material. Overall, it is not heavy to
wear.Features. It has five features that work differently according to the
settings that you prefer. It can go from 5 to fifteen minutes. You just have to
tap the right side button for this. At first, I was a bit cautious because of
the heat and vibration. But eventually, I got used to it. It also comes with a
sound to help you ease yourself while using it. The good thing is you can
connect it to your phone to play your own music. It doesn't give a high
definition sound, but it does the job. The motion of pressure that it does is
also very helpful.Does it to the job? Yes. It helped with my sleep issues, but
don't expect that it'll solve everything straight away. It is a very helpful
device to get yourself feel pampered and relaxed. It helped me ease in to have a
better sleep.  It provides good acupressure and I could feel that the blood flow
is better after using it. Moreover, it is very easy to use.Disadvantage. The
first time I tried it, I was a bit scared because of the vibration, heat and
sound produced altogether. But, I eventually get the hang of it.I have always
purchased Renpho products and have always been impressed with their products. It
is good quality and very affordable.
    This mask is very well put together. The massage mode is a bit more pressure
than I was expecting. Doesn't cause any pain but is very noticeable. The heat
function can be raised or lowered to your liking. The blue tooth seems to work
but considering the mask turns off after 15 minutes maximum time it can be
distracting when listening to audiobooks. Would really like to be able to
disable the music on the other functions. Otherwise very good product and has
made noticable difference for dry eye condition.
    I bought this product because I have some swelling under my eyes and thought
it may work to reduce puffiness. I've never been one to think that a machine can
replace a real massage but I have to say I was pleasantly surprised when I tried
this eye massager. The heat was really nice and it was a good pressure. Very
relaxing for sure. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the buttons to
turn off the music or adjust anything are confusing and slightly frustrating,
which took away from the relaxing experience. My husband had to fuss around with
the buttons as well, it wasn't just me. Anyway, it's a good buy! I would totally
recommend it and would make a great gift.
    It works fine. I found it interesting and fun.I like the heat and
massage.However I see some matters in the item that I hope the company consider
them;1- the elastic is not working for the people who have big heads! My bf
couldn’t wear it. it was too much tight for him .* In a back of a head the
elastic’s hook is made to get tighter not loose!2- When you wear the massager ,
you should guess the correct bottom between the 3 bottoms. It’s confusing to
touch and see which bottom is for “power” which one is for “heat” and etc,By the
time you’ll get use to it, but that would be great if they could place 3bottoms
separately in a better way.Thanks
    Sirve basicamente para relajacion. Se puede conectar la musica que quieras
por bluetooth (la que viene por defecto es un horror, existe lanposibilidad de
cambiar el volumen pero no silencio total) tiene varios niveles de calor y de
presión y distintos modos predeterminados para elegir, que combinan calor y
presión. El inconveniente es que los botones para elegir dichas opciones son
táctiles y una vez ya puesto no das con ellos si quieres cambiar el modo y te
los tienes que quitar para poder variarlo. Cada modo dura unos 15 mn aprox. y se
desconecta solo.
    I was searching for something that would take the edge off the headaches I
have been getting regularly. Its amazing! It feels so good. It massages all the
right spots when my head hurts. I have even fallen asleep with it on. Makes it
much easier for me to fall asleep as I feel so relaxed.My son suffers from
chronic sinus infection and this helps with that as well. The whole family
fights to use it. It’s easy to use, compact and quite sturdy. I just wish it had
a repeat button or a timer.It’s a great little machine that will help with tired
eyes. The Bluetooth and heat options are really nice too. I’m so glad I found
this! Definitely a keeper.
    Also von der Idee her ganz nett nur bekommt man nach 3 min die Meldung Akku
leer.Kann keine genau Erfahrung zur Massage geben, da die Massage dann
abbricht.Druckpolster Massage und wärme, fing an nett zu werden und dann...Habe
die Brille ein paar mal an das Ladegerät angeschlossen, nach 5 min sagt er Akku
voll und leuchtet grün, aber leider ist es nicht so.
    The product was super easy to use.  I enjoyed the heat and the way it would
inflate, and the music was nice.  Music was a bit too soft but very relaxing.
Would not recommend any makeup, because it does easily come off with the heat.
However material was easy to wipe off.Tried different placements, however when I
placed it higher it still felt it would squeeze my nose when it would inflate
which is why I gave it a 4/5 for comfort.Definitely would recommend the product!
    This massager is unlike anything I have ever used. When I first used this, I
had it plugged in and thought it wasn’t working. I then realized you had to use
this when not on charge.This is a must have if you work night shifts and stare
at screens all night. The heat from this felt so good on my eyes. The pressure
felt nice too, although it was a bit much on my temples (but that can be
adjusted.)Honestly if it were a bit lighter I’d just go to bed with it on as the
heat is quite soothing. I was in a trance like state listening to rain sounds
while having this on. I awoke in a such a state of relaxation that I didn’t move
for 10 minutes haha.Bottom line, everyone should try this out at least once.
It’s quite the experience.
    My job requires me to use computer almost all of the day, which cause my
eyes to be dry and sometimes red. I have tried many solutions, eye drops and
other eye cooler. This one is so far the most easy to use and works much better.
I like how the design is made, seems very sturdy and hi-tech. The robot voices
give you feedback on mode used. I also like how therres different modes;
massages, pulses, heat, etc. One thing i noticed is the button is very sesitive,
its also hard to know if its pressed or not, which makes it harder to changes
modes or closing it.I noticed after second use that my eyes were more hydrated,
less irrited and it helped even with headaches. I like how its so easy to use
with such amazing results!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      C'est GENIAL! C'est une
super découverte. On se sent tellement bien, ça détend. C'est vraiment
terrible!!!Je le recommande à 200%
    Bought this as a gift for my best friend.  So that's why I don't have a
picture. She has frequent migraines and insomnia due to a bad car accident. I
really wanted to help her sleep and relax. She was so excited to try it. I had
showed her the item online only a couple of days earlier and when I saw she
liked it and would be open to trying it, I bought it right away! It came really
fast like in 2 days since I'm a Prime member. It was packaged nicely and looked
exactly as advertised.  My friend cried. She was so surprised that I  bought her
such a thoughtful gift. She tried it and it made her fall asleep.  The the voice
prompts walk  the user through what's happening. Now my friend 's head is so
sensitive that she can't use an electric toothbrush! So she didn't know what to
expect.  It was a pleasant and relaxed feeling with just enough pressure around
her eyes which was complimented with the heat. She let her whole family try it
and they all loved it! Her sister said I ruined Christmas because now no gift
will top what I bought her!
    Its a good eye massager. The temperature increase occurs right away and the
programmed music is spa-ish. The massage itself is ok, not amazing but not
horrible. The machine sits a little weird on my nose and the initial and closing
greetings are a little loaded than necessary. Overall a good product and I
recommend it for its price!
    Wow! just wow!My old eye massager stopped working, so I bought this one
seeing the price was reasonable.This thing is amazing, I was so tired this
morning when this arrived, I tried it immediately and this felt like a live
person massaging your eyes and it has heat and music while being massaged.After
one session my eyes were so relaxed!highly recommended if u work infront of a
computer all the time.
    Full disclosure: After buying another Renpho product that I really liked,
they emailed me inviting me to test this new product. After several days of
frustration with my emails not getting through, I was able to reach them on FB
Messenger and they honoured the offer.Notwithstanding these challenges, the eye
massager is effective. I have dry eyes. My optometrist prescribed heat and other
microwavable masks lose heat quickly. This powered heat is very helpful. The
massager is relaxing if the machinery a bit noisy. After 12 uses it still works
well. For the right price, it’s a good value.
    This is fantastic for me, I game a LOT and my eyes are very fatigue most of
the time. This device has seriously improved my everyday. Initially its a bit
awkward, but after a few minutes, once you warm up to the feel of it, you can
enjoy the massaging.Easy to use, User friendly. The design itself is very sleek,
Futuristic look and feel to it, I thought it might be too big for me but I'm
pretty confident its one size fits all.I got my mom to try it out as well, she
works long days at the hospital and the lights tend to bother her. Now shes
using it everyday and I might need a second one...The movement of the inner
parts of the device is quite loud, but can be ignored because the bluetooth you
can have with your own music.Great company, I own a few other products from
Renpho. Responsive if any problems, and great products.
    I bought this as a Christmas gift for my girlfriend who is studying for her
PhD in Economics without really being sure what to expect.  I read all of the
negative reviews (I do that), but decided that it was well worth it!Firstly,
there is quite a bit of noise from the air pump, but that is more than made up
for by the experience of having your temples massaged with heat and
comfort.After Christmas I bought myself one, which I then let me daughter take
to University when she went back after the holidays.Now I am on my third one.  I
use it twice a day.  Once at lunch time to relax and recharge and once before
bed to help release the stress of the day.Highly recommend it!
    Produit pas mal rapport qualité prix correct dans l ensemble je suis
satisfaitJe ne donne pas la nôtre maximale car on peut toujours s'améliorer mais
bravo quand même
    I think this is a great product and priced more reasonable than other units.
My comment about ease of use is two fold - the buttons to change mods, speed etc
are very sensitive. I don't have to touch them but just bring my finger close to
it. So that is a good/bad thing. It changes so easily that it often changes
without me wanting it to. But I bet once I get use to it, that will be
appreciated. I love the pressure and the mediation sounds but I do with the heat
was a little bit warmer and covered a bigger area. Overall, my recommendation is
Yes! Get this product!
    this thing makes awful sounds which makes it pretty hard to relax. i dont
know why it needs to have a voice talking to you which is creepy. the pad is
basically a balloon or the arm pressure things you see at drug stores and you
would play with as a kid but tracks blood pressure. this is an illusion of
actually doing something but it just heats up and pushes on your face. this
shouldnt even be a product
    This product was surprisingly really nice! I bought it on a really random
whim, but I am really glad that I did!I’m really happy with how the massage
itself feels, I’ve never had anything else like it. I really don’t think that
you could replicate it with any tool other than something like this.Personally I
prefer the softer pressure mode, as I have larger eyes, the harder pressure can
sometimes be too hard. The controls, while seemingly-simple and unobtrusive on
the headset itself, can take some getting used to, because they cycle, so if you
pass by your favourite setting you’ve got to cycle through all other modes until
you get back to where you want.Overall, if you want to boost your at-home
relaxation, this gadget is a great and unique way to do so. Treat yourself :P
also, you could probably convince people it is a fancy, next-gen, immersive vr
headset.
    Mon cadeau a été apprécié et est tjrs utilisé!!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I fall asleep every time I
use this!  I love it!  I work on a computer all day and suffer from dry eyes and
headaches.  I find the canned music from the unit very relaxing and loud enough
to balance out the sound of the motors.  Great value for the money!  Helps alot
with headaches too.  Have recommended to friends, and one bought it and also
enjoys it :)
    Me ha encantado!!! Tengo migrañas y decidí comprar esto para que m masajee
las sienes , pues el dolor se m focaliza en frente ,sienes y ojos , es una
gozada , siempre tenía que pedir a mis hijos o marido que m dieran un masaje por
que el dolor era fortísimo,  ahora no imaginé que este masajeador diera como si
fueran pulgares en mi sienes! Relaja mucho , llevo dos días y dos que m ha
quitado el dolor de cabeza ,e hecho  m relaje tanto que m dormi !!
    Disclaimer: Ich bekomme den Geldbetrag für das Gerät von RENPHO
zurückerstattet, wenn ich eine Rezension schreibe.Ich kann das Gerät leider
nicht gut bewerten. Die Massage- und auch die Wärmefunktion sind durchaus
angenehm, aber die Lautstärke der Motoren und die Zischgeräusche machen das
ganze sehr unentspannt. Dazu finde ich die Musik sehr nervig und von der
Akustik-Qualität mangelhaft. Und ganz abschalten kann man die Musik leider
nicht, bei einigen Modi bleibt sie (in geringer Lautstärke) an.Zum Glück bekomme
ich das Geld erstattet, ansonsten hätte ich den Kauf sehr bereut.
    Sinceramente teníamos dudas de si este masajeador iba o no a funcionar, y lo
compramos con cierto escepticismo con la idea de devolverlo si veíamos que no
nos cuadraba pero no podíamos estar más equivocados!! el masaje que realiza es
muy relajante y placentero, además acompañado de calor que hace que los ojos se
relajen aún más. El masaje que realiza por las sienes y las cuencas son una
maravilla, además acompaña de música y sonidos relajantes.Muy buena compra.
    J'adore !!!! Je les fait essayer à une collègue qui souffre de migraine,
elle à tellement aimer qu'elle s'en est acheté un et elle la recommender à 2
autres collègues... bref tout ceux à qui je les fait essayer l'adorent, sans
exception... je n'ettoie avec un coton et un peu d alcool à friction quand je le
fait essayer. Je m'en sert à chaques soir avant d'aller au lit. Mes yeux poches
beaucoup moins!
    I bought this to massage around my eyes to help with migraines.I do like how
sturdy and powerful this is, but there is very little room for adjustment.even
if you tighten the back strap, it presses down on certain parts of your face
more them others and I can't get the proper pressure without pain on other parts
of my face. I am not able to get the massage where I need it or get even
pressure around my eyes.
    I love this eye massager. I would hesitate to recommend it without stating
how loud it is. I use it with a fan in the room so it drowns out some of the
noise and makes it tolerable. The heat and massage function is very relaxing. Do
not use vibrate. It’s even louder than the massage and not enjoyable in any way.
Overall it’s a nice luxury product.
    I love this product, and would really recommend it to anyone. It helps to
get rid of any eye pressure after a long day of working on laptop, or even after
a lack of sleep, to refresh your eyes only within 15 minsAs an addition to what
I already mentioned about this product, I'd like to say that RENPHO company has
an extremely supportive and great customer service.A few months after a purchase
this eye massager, a heat compression option stopped working. I contacted a
customer service to ask for a help. I was extremely surprised with a fast
response and extremely valuable solution to send me a new eye massager.I would
defiantly recommend this product and this company. My family and my friends
family are so happy that we chose  RENPHO eye massager! Great product , great
support service, great people!Thank you very much Berry, Customer Service Agent,
for making us a bit happier!
    Have been issues with dry eyes (sebum glands blocked). After using the eye
massager for a week my eyes feel better than they have in ages.  The heat and
gentle pressure have helped tremendously.The massage is relaxing and helps me
fall asleep. It knocks my husband out cold. I have already bought a second one
for a neighbour, will grab another for Mother’s Day & recommended it to a
friend, who purchased it a couple of weeks ago and loves it.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Ok. Truth b told I’m
completely blown away! I was skeptical at first but for a migraine sufferer like
me this was helpful. Granted it’s only been a few days I can say so far so good!
Money well spent. Took about 2 hours for full charge and I’ve used it 4 times
without the need to recharge. I like how one can adjust the pressure, heat on or
off and turn off the music if necessary. Very easy to use but do read the
enclosed manual for tips. I use it to unwind at night just before bed and it
greatly helped.
    I went looking for an eye massager primarily because of how tried and
irritated my eyes feel after I spend too much time on the computer at work and
this thing knocked it out of the park.This massager feels sturdy and has
different modes depending on how long you want to use it for. You can choose or
combine heat, vibration and pressure. My favorite feature is just how hot you
can turn it up to. It really reminds me of having a hot towel on your face at
the barbershop.The massage itself is very relaxing and the calming spa music is
a nice touch. It’s helped my eyes after just a few uses so I won’t be stopping
anytime soon.  Very good bang for your buck.
    Acheter pour Noël et vraiment pas déçue de cet achat. La détente est
vraiment assurée. Aucune pression au niveau du nez. La pression est surprenante
la première fois. La chaleur est très agréable.
    The air cushion massage is better than I expected to be honest, the pressure
on the temples is quite strong.The heat function is great too and actually warms
up super fast.Yes there is some motor noise, the air has to be pumped in, but I
can't see any way to reduce that.I found the default music/sounds pleasant, and
again, better than expected.I found if I wore noise cancelling headphones at the
same time (no music, just to cancel the noise), it made the experience even
better.So far I'm not a fan of the vibration function because I find the massage
and heat just so relaxing.My only slightly negative comment is the buttons are
very very touch sensitive, so you activate them sometimes when just looking for
them while wearing the unit. I'm sure it will be better when I'm more used to
the placement.
    J'ai acheté le produit car je passe énormément de temps devant l'écran
d'ordinateur, pour mon travail. Malheureusement il n'a pas répondu à mes
attentes. Je ne l'ai essayé que quelques fois a peine avant de le renvoyer donc
ne pourrait pas juger de la tenue sur sa longueur. Avant de l'acheter sachez que
:- Le produit arrive avec une forte odeur de plastique / chimique qui posée
aussi proche du nez est très désagréable voir nauséeux. Je vous conseil de le
laver avant utilisation.- l'appareil est a la limite du bruyant, mais c'est
supportable- Le son faisant parti des arguments de vente est de très piètre
qualité, vous serez bien mieux avec des écouteurs dans les oreille ou votre
propre installation sonore- Une voix en anglais indique les modes que vous
choisissez, vous souhaite la bienvenue et vous remercie d'avoir utiliser le
produit. Elle peut être ennuyeuse selon vos sensibilités. Pour ma part cela
faisait un peu trop commercial. Ce défaut mineur ne le sera bien entendu pas
pour tout le monde !Mais ce qui m'a décidée a renvoyée le produit c'est la
douleur ressentie a l'utilisation. Le masque compressé les yeux mais aussi les
tempes. Sur les tempes la compression était trop forte même avec le masque
desserrée au maximum. Je suis une femme avec une petite tête. Je me suis
demandée si l'erreur venait de moi et que je n'utilisais pas le produit
correctement, mais après plusieurs tests, je ressortait de chaque séance avec
l'envie de vomir.Le produit donne ce qu'il promet mais il n'est pas fait pour
tout le monde. Pour ma part il me faisait plus de mal que de bien.
    My eyesight has been steadily getting worse during COVID - especially as I
am staring at my laptop all day for entertainment and work. I have been using a
heated wheat bag before bed every night as I also have extremely dry eyes. I
didn't realise how much I needed this (initially just bought it to try it out
and see what the hype was about) till I got this in the mail and tried it out
today. IT'S AMAZING!First off, it is very comfortable to wear with an
adjustable, thick band that goes around the back of my head. Easy to use; I just
had to press the power button for the various modes and to turn it on and off.
Music was surprisingly relaxing and I didn't mind it at all when I thought I
would (reminiscent of the Calm meditation app).The highlight is that it massages
your temples as well. I read somewhere that pressing on your temples a few times
helps relieve pressure behind the eyes. Not sure if this is true but I have been
doing this occasionally. Now the mask does a much better job of this and feels
like a proper massage is happening across my face with great pressure. The
addition of the heat only mode is also wonderful for when I just need a bit of
relief over my eyes. Love it!!
    Bought for heat option to relieve dry eyes. Don’t buy if you have
blepharitis and want or need heat. Warm is the best it can do.Appearance,
quality of material, and packaging make a great first impression. But that is
all that RENPHO delivers with this product.Compression massage is the only thing
that was not completely disappointing. But I could not feel any difference
between soft and strong pressure.Vibration doesn’t add anything but extra noise
to the experience. I could hardly feel anything through the mask and air
bags.Speakers suck. Max volume is too low to hear anything over the noise from
the air pump and vibrations. That’s makes the blue tooth and built in music
features useless. Although the speakers don’t seem to have a problem putting out
loud feedback and static every time a button is pushed. The speakers produce
about the same quality of sound you find in those singing birthday cards from
the dollar store.The buttons are not real buttons. They are finger sensors and
you end up pushing several just trying to find them. You are after all operating
this thing blindfolded. The instructions say to never operate it without wearing
it because you can damage the air bags. That is probably the reason their newer
model comes with a remote with real buttons on it.I have no idea how this
product got so many and such good reviews. It almost feels like an infomercial
scam. Reading all the one and two star reviews echo my experience almost
exactly.
    Feels no different after using it,the volume is too low can’t hear what they
are saying,also the design is terrible you have to try so hard to find the
buttons to change settings blindfolded and 1 button does so many things that
makes it frustrating to you.
    received it yesterday.1st issue was connecting the usb wire to the headset.
It has to go in at a particular angle.  Not easy.2nd noisy---your music is
playing over a 'whirring'3rd hard to tell if it needs charging or not4th careful
not to touch buttons accidentally!!!  thats a tough onetakes some getting used
to---bluetooth, settings overall very relaxing, once I got past some of the
frustration figuring it out.Didn't find that it bothers my nose or anything
else.  Got it for severe dry eye, and headache in my temples.
    Tried it a twice and it doesn't do anything much, and the last time I tried
it, the massage mode did not work and the machine just kept vibrating and could
not be turned off. Trying to turn the thing on is a pain too as the sensor
button to turn it on is not very sensitive. Waste of money and time. Ended up
returning it.
    I constantly have eye strain due to long hours of work in front of monitors.
This did not bug me that much until recently. I decided to buy this eye massager
to have a try and did not expect it to be such a good surprise.The movement of
the massager (or motor, I don’t know how to call it) in the air pressure mode
actually massage all the acupuncture points around the eyes. I know this because
I learned a set of eye exercises in school before and this eye massager actually
mimics the movement I learned in those eye exercises. This shows that the design
of this product has actually a scientific basis, which makes me pleasantly
surprised.The messager has five different operating modes and personally I think
the air pressure mode is the most useful. Because of the movement of the motor,
it has some minor noise. So the air pressure always comes with music. Personally
I prefer that I could have the option to turn the music off because I could
listen to my own music or podcast myself when I use this product since I cannot
use my eyes. Hopefully the next generation of the product can consider this
option.Overall it is a nice product and recommend to anyone who has eye strain
and needs to take good care of their eyes.
    Als ich eines Tages durch Zufall eine "Augen-Massage-Brille" vorgeschlagen
bekam, habe ich mich gleich inteniver damit beschäftigt, und am Ende wurde es
diese hier. Prinzipiell eine tolle Sache, nur finde ich die vorhandene
Polsterung etwas zu gering. Bei meiner Brille finde ich den Sitz anfangs sogar
ein wenig schmerzhaft, bevor es sich dann mit der Zeit gibt. Ich selbst nutze
fast ausschließlich den "Sleeping-Mode". Ja, aus diesen Gründen von mir nur 3
Sterne.
    Eigentlich habe ich nicht daran geglaubt, was mir die Werbung suggeriert
har,  ich bin in allerdings positiv überrascht, wie angenehm 15 Min Augen
Massage ist. Die Augen werden durch die Wärme in der Brille total entspannt .
Die Musik ,egal über die integrierte oder über Bluetooth hilft bei der
Entspannung. Durch die verschiedenen Modi hat man die Möglichkeit seine
persönliche wohltuendste zu wählen . Wenn es etwas zu meckern gibt, ist es die
fehlende Übersetzung der Sprachausgabe , mir persönliche ist diese auch zu
leise.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Super excited to receive
this. Feels very comfortable and was easy to pair for audio. Very relaxing and a
fantastic addition to my collection of self care tools. As a sufferer of
frequent migraines, I look forward to giving this a go the next time I get one.
Will update my review when I do! Until then, meditation & sleep mode. Super-fast
delivery (about 18hrs)
    Anfangs konnte ich mir ehrlich gesagt nur wenig unter einem
Augenmassagegerät vorstellen...Nach dem ersten Test konnte es jedoch voll
überzeugen- wobei es eher die Schläfen als die Augen selbst massiert. Danach ist
man merklich entspannter als vorher...Sehr gut ist außerdem, dass man sowohl
Temperatur als auch die Druckstärke in 3 Stufen anpassen kann.
    It’s loud and heavy machine that is not suitable to be used before bed
,Touch buttons are way too Sensitive and turn on/off on their own ,would not
stay on one setting ,I don’t know why it’s priced so high for such a useless
product
    I have been using this for a week to treat MGD Blepharitis.  I find it has
been helping, maybe could get a little bit hotter.  My biggest complaint is how
rigid the area around the nose bridge is, and it gets uncomfortable fairly
quickly when wearing.  Because the mask is moving to perform the eye massage you
can't really adjust it because it just moves itself back to where it hits the
nose and rubs.  I would add some more padding/cushioning in that area for
comfort.
    I am very disappointed in this eye massager for my condition.  I have MGD, a
disease of the oil glands along my eyelashes that causes blocked glands.  This
mask does not get close to my eyelids and It does not have sufficient heat to
melt the oils in the blocked glands.
    I think this might be my first amazon review but I just had to. I got this a
few days ago on a whim and it’s amazing. I use the sleep mode just before bed,
and the vitality mode in the morning to wake me up and get the grogginess out of
my eyes. I have also used the clear and automatic modes throughout the day (so
far I haven’t even had to charge it, not even out of the box). For some reason I
didn’t even realize there would be heat, but it was a nice surprise. Not my
first Renpho product and won’t be my last!
    Franchement pas relaxant ...le mode de compression vous sert les os des
tempes et vous comprime le haut du nez tres desagreable...le bruit est juste
super fort pour trouver  ca relaxant ...les boutons sont aussi lissent que le
casque..allez les trouver une fois le masque sur les yeux...une voix parle bon
courage a ceux qui deccroche pas un mot d anglais...c est simple...j ai meme pas
enleve le film plastique ou sorti le chargeur...retour a l envoyeur ..et aucuns
regret
    Amazing quality. I love that it folds completely in half (see photo), it
makes it easy to store when not in use.Im not a huge fan of the audio, but it is
easy to turn off. The heat feels really nice on my eyes, and the mask also
massages your temples which feels great if you have a headache.It's the perfect
thing to use before bed to get ready to sleep, I love it.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      In general, the product is
well built. Super easy and straightforward to use. Good value/quality. It does
what is supposed to. I found it more comfortable while lying in bed because it
adds less pressure to the nose. At first you’ll have to find the right position.
Once you get that the massage works well. I like the best the lower pressure
option because it’s more gentle. But you can also use a harder option, which
someone might like too I guess. The music plays nicely while massaging, and it
kinda of move around your head. Nice detail.
    This thing is soooo relaxing! I suffer from sensory processing disorder and
anxiety and this eye massager, unintentionally, has been a life saver!My
therapist told me to try to close my eyes when I get over stimulated, problem
with that is all my other senses get heightened and doesn't really help much.
However, with this device, I am able to tune  everything else out more
easily!!!! So now when I get overstimulated, I just put this massager on, put it
on sleep mode  and decompress for a little bit!!! It has really helped me with
my anxiety and sensory processing disorder! So there you go, renfro, a new
market to tap into lol.This massager is great but not perfect. To make it
perfect I would; have raised buttons on the front (it's kind of annoying to have
to feel around to adjust the device while you're wearing it). Have more than
just. One. Song. Its repetitive and pretty much useless- even if you have 10 or
so songs that gets cycled would be a lot better. And finally  include just a
simple reusable bag to store it in because while its really portable, it's hard
to find a bag to bring it around in because it's an odd shape.  I would love to
take this on vacation with me!Imo the positives totally outweigh the negatives
and is actually an excellent tool for my mental health!!! Love it!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      J'ai essayé l'appareil dans
deux circonstances la 1re pendant une migraine quoi dire que WOW même si on doit
s'adapter un peu ou massage oculaire la douleur diminue assez rapidement. Pour
le prendre avant de s'endormir le mode musique et chaleur est l'idéal.
    Me las he comprado y aunque llevo solamente menos de un día con ellas, puedo
decir que son la caña.Da un buen masaje. Lo negativo es que el ruido del
masajeador es un poco molesto y he tenido que quitar la música porque con las
dos cosas al menos yo no me relajo. De momento, buena compra.
    This product would rate 5/5 stars if it didn't make so much noise. ... the
massage options are great and it feels amazing. But, you do have to hear the
motors going on your forehead all the time ...well, except when you are in warm
mode only...If there was a way to quite the motors.....it would be WOW!...:}
    I love it but I didn’t get the remote control that goes with it so I can
only use the default modes. I believe that with the remote control I could
decide to have the air pressure and the heat without the music which I would
really appreciate. I would have given a 5 stars if it wasn’t from that. It’s
very relaxing. I like the different modes and the music is calming. The default
timer is set to 15 minutes just enough to relax and have a little me time. Also
super nice to use just before going to bed to help relax.
    This was a gift for a software engineer, who wears contact lenses and is
constantly exposed to blue light.At the end of the day she suffers from fatigue,
dry and tired eyes and an occasional headache.In only couple of times of using
this device, there's already a change in her sleep, restfulness and after-work
condition.I would definitely recommend it.
    El aparato alcanza una temperature buena para masajes en los ojos. Sin
embargo el modo de masaje ocular, que es el que me interesa, es muy ruidoso...
El motor hace mucho ruido. De hecho la música relajante no se oye apenas con ese
ruido. No entiendo muy bien porqué ninguna opinión en ha descrito que es
ruidoso. Con ese ruido, lo de la relajación enfin... queda un poco fuera de
lugar.
    In the product description, it says, "Effectively relieve eye pain, improve
blood flow, improve sleep quality, reduce headaches, and alleviating chronic eye
soreness." Well, that's all great and maybe it does do all those things, but the
only thing I care about with this product so far is that it feels amazing.I
actually let it sit on my floor for 2 weeks before trying it because I've used a
lot of these massaging products before and hadn't really been impressed. When I
finally put it on my head, though, I thought it was amazing and so relaxing. You
will likely have to adjust the strap to give you the right kind of tightness for
your head, and it will definitely take you a while to get used to using the
control buttons on the side (you have to do it without the use of your eyes and
by listening to what the voice is saying), but I don't think too many people
will be disappointed in the nice pressure and vibration you'll be feeling all
around your eyes while using this.
    Il prodotto è bianco e leggero, dotato di elastico grigio regolabile.
Consistenza robusta e piacevole al tatto. Design minimal e moderno. Il
massaggiatore oculare arriva all’interno di una scatola bianca rigida con
all’interno:1 cavo usb1 massaggiatore oculare1 manuale d’istruzioni e la scheda
di garanzia.Non presenta invece il caricabatterie, ma si può usare quello del
cellulare da 5 V.Il prodotto presenta 5 modalità:- normale- vitalità-
automatica- SONNP- cura e bellezza.Per il momento la mia funzione preferita è la
modalità  ‘vitalità’ , dalla durata di 10 minuti, con pressione dell’aria,
compressione a calore e musica rilassante. Il prodotto soddisfa pienamente la
descrizione del venditore, quindi posso ritenermi soddisfatto
dell’acquisto.Inoltre, il dispositivo si può collegare al proprio telefono o
tablet mediante Bluetooth ed ascoltare la propria playlist preferita. Spedizione
super veloce, poiché il prodotto si trova nei magazzini Amazon il che facilita i
tempi di consegna. Infatti, ho ricevuto il massaggiatore in 24h dall’acquisto.
    Great product, we have other Renpho products, so I’m very happy with their
quality. This feels very weird at first as it inflates (sounds like an auto
blood pressure machine!) and farts the air out. Haha. The warmth is nice and it
does feel like it benefits. I’ve used it about 3 times now. Purchased to see if
it will help with dry eye. Time will tell. The music is ok. Overall I’m very
happy with this. Easy to charge with supplied USB cable.
    I have been pleasantly surprised by this eye massager. The pros:-The nice,
relaxing music gets me into a meditative trance that allows me to wind down.-The
different settings provide some targeted massages. My favourite is the Automatic
and Vitality mode with low music, mid temperature and strong pressure.-It's easy
to put on though it can move throughout the massage as it applies and loses
pressure, so I have to adjust it at times to make sure it doesn't put pressure
on my nose-You can easily clean the surface and it has a sleek designCons:-The
massages are short and it can be a nuisance to turn it on again to find the
perfect pressure, volume, and temperature mode you had when it shut off-Don't
wear it with makeup on. It leaves you with smudges and some lost eyelashes if
you're wearing mascara so a midday use might not be ideal if you're supposed to
be presentable somewhere.-Once the device is on, you have to be careful pressing
the buttons to adjust modes. The buttons are really sensitive and fumbling
around to find the right button for what you want to do and adjusting the modes,
can take away from your relaxing experience. I suggest memorizing which button
does what and being patient until you get a hang of how to find the buttons and
how much pressure to apply right off the bat on each one.Overall, a great
product. I didn't think I'd enjoy it but I'm glad I have it around. It will be
perfect to help with pressure headaches.
    Super Preis-leistungs-verhalten, schnelle Lieferung! Ich habe das
Augenmassagegerät direkt benutzt u war sehr ueberrascht ueber die tolle Wirkung.
es gibt mehrere Modis- Vibration,Wärme u Luftdruckmassage mit entspannter Musik.
Man kann es zur Not auch fuer den Hals/nackenbereich nutzen,aber dazu muss man
das Massagegerät dabei festhalten. sehr zu empfehlen! Vielen Dank fuer dieses
Produkt!
    The eye wear message is very comfortable. It relieves fatigue. I like the
versatility and functionality of the product: heat, massage, vibration, and
music. I have only one issue: the manual is not clear about how to use ON/OFF
button. It is not by hard pressing the button, but rather by placing finger on
the button for 4-5 second. It took me a while to figure it out - I thought the
button was defected initially and almost returned the product. When I figured it
out, I love it.
    Vrai article de détente
    I wanted to get something that helps with my tension headaches, and I
thought this might. And boy has it! It’s easy to use, works really well, helps
relax you and feels so good! Highly recommend!!!
    I and my husband have been using this since we got it in! Love it so much
and would recommend this to those we know.Using this at night has greatly helped
us relax and decompress at night time. I feel like my headaches (been having one
these past few weeks) have slowly been less active. I also use this with the
lower back neck massager that I got a while back.I love how it is very easy to
switch the temperature and intensity of the massage modes since we both kinda
have our own personal preferences.
    Colis reçu rapidement. Masseur emballé dans un coffret avec protection
mousse,  câble USB, manuel d'utilisation en français, carte de garantie. Temps
de charge 2 à 3 heures. 5 modes d'utilisation : clear, vitalité, automatique,
veille, beauté. Compression chaleur. Musique de fond agréable, et réglable.
Appareil facile à utiliser qui me paraît de bonne qualité par rapport à d'autres
(ne fait pas gadget)Personnellement, je viens de le retourner, problème de
pressions trop forte sur les tempes.
    Ich habe die Augenmassagebrille gekauft, um mir nach einem anstrengenden Tag
eine kleine Massage zu gönnen. Ich wurde von dem Produkt nicht enttäuscht. Die
Brille massiert viele Druckpunkte und die Wärme ist entspannend. Auch unser Sohn
findet das Produkt klasse und entspannt jetzt damit regelmäßig. Die Aufladung
über USB ist einfach und die Bedienung ebenfalls. Der neue, plastik-lastige
Geruch verfliegt nach wenigen Tagen
    I found this while looking for an eye massager. With the global pandemic
I've found myself using screens more and more, and with that I've found that my
eyes are more strained and more dry than usual. This massager had some good
reviews so I bought one.As per the attached photos, in addition to the massager,
the box comes with a USB charging cable and user manual. The unit itself felt
solid and I wore it comfortably. I first ran it through its default settings and
found what some other reviewers did with the pressure on the temples being
pretty strong. Both the strong pressure and the air pump noises were a little
unexpected at first, as I've never before used an eye massager, but I got used
to them pretty quickly. I also feel like the strong pressure was helpful in
creating relief during the massage. I've used it a handful of times now and
enjoy using it.Some tips that might help:1) The box doesn't come with a charger,
just the cable. It needs at least 1A to charge which isn't too much. I used an
old iPhone wall plug and it worked great.2) Make sure you tighten the headband.
The first time I used it I didn't tighten it all the way and it moved around my
face a little bit while massaging.3) The heat is enough for me to sweat a
little. Alcohol wipes worked well to clean the eye pads.4) Because it goes over
your eyes, you can't use your eyes to look at the controls. I memorized where
the buttons were and what they did beforehand, though if you want to do things
like sync your Bluetooth to your phone, it might be helpful to have someone else
around for the first time you use the device.5) The air pressure and music
volume can both be changed using buttons on the device if need be.Overall I'm
happy with the purchase and looking forward to using it more in the times to
come!
    Meh. The pressure isn't that strong even at the hardest mode, the vibration
is kind of weird, and the heat well just makes my eyes feel weird.If the
pressure was stronger it would make this product better. You cant really use it
to relax because its quite loud.I have Renpho’s massage gun which was quite good
but this was little disappointing.
    It's fine.-Appears well made-I like heat, but found it a little too hot, at
least the first time.  I got used to it.  It can be run without heat
though.-Have to adjust position on my face to hit the right areas right on, and
I still feel like it's not quite hitting all the points, only some.  So fit
seems to be an issue.-Unlike some of the other reviews, I wish the pressure was
more.  And/or, with reference to the last point, maybe it's just not hitting the
points correctly.  So, again, fit may be the issue.-It was relaxing-->  I don't
know if, for the price, can really recommend strongly.  Best I can say is I'm
probably not going to return it.
    I bought it in July and it worked fine for a month. And I started to notice
the pressure kept getting weaker and weaker. I had to set the pressure level
"soft" because the normal pressure was already strong for me, but now even the
strong pressure is softer than the prevoise soft level. And now I have a battery
problem. I used the massager just one time after a full charge and it needs
anotehr full charge to use.... I at least used more than couple times without
charging again in July and Agust. I never dropped the massager and made contact
with water. Dont know why it doesnt work as proper as it was in the beginning.
After using it for 4 months I dont recommend this product.
    A family friend had a similar device that they let me try, but was in the
$200 range which was out of my budget, but I was pretty enamoured by the idea of
such a device so I decided to shop around to find something that was in my
budget.I was pleasantly surprised by this device. It feels very solid, and the
locations and patterns that it has for applying pressure and heat are very well
tuned. This did the trick for me just as well as the more expensive options.The
one design complaint I have is that the buttons on the side are capacitive
touch, so just running your finger over the triggers them... which isn't a
terrible thing in and of itself, but it makes finding the buttons without
accidentally touching the other ones while you're wearing it difficult. Every
time I want to switch the pressure or turn off the heat or turn on the buzzing,
I end up pressing the wrong buttons a billion times and I have to cycle through
most of the settings again to get it where I want it.That being said, that is a
vveerryy small price to pay for how well this works. I absolutely would buy
again and am thinking about maybe snagging another one for a Christmas gift.
    Very uncomfortable, this is not what I expected. I read all reviews and
thought this will be something useful. Save your money.
    Advantages: Gets the job done.Functionality-Heats up to a comfortable
temperature. I was initially worried that it may not provide enough heating as
much as I intended for it to, but temperature was warm enough.-Air pressure
massager with adequate force. There were couple different air pressure strengths
to choose from.-The air pressure has a built in 'stages' of massaging which I
was unexpecting. It works fine simulating an actual massage.-Music/Bluetooth
works fine, but unnecessary. While it is something different and interesting to
have, personally I have no particular use for it. However, with that being said,
if you do intend to use the music function of this massager I think you would be
satisfied.-Vibration, it vibrates. I don't use this function often, so I cannot
write an review on this function. But it works as it should.-Duration of use
after 1 charge is longer than I expected. Useable.Design-As shown in product
photos.-Good enough affordance of product with intuitive labels.Disadvantages:
tolerable. Not a big deal, but just simply what I have noticed.Functionality-
When air pressure function is in use, it is loud. The noise this massager
produces most likely will not travel through walls, but if you are sharing a
room with someone, this is something to be considered. This product is not
silent.Design (Purely opinion based.)-Poorly designed method of switching
between modes. A lot of times if I wanted to get to a certain mode of this
device (there are 5), I would have to tap the button serval times to cycle
through it. And if I accidentally went over the desired mode, I would have to
cycle through the modes once again.-Poorly designed buttons. The buttons are to
be 'tapped', meaning very slight contact with the button, or even the edge of
the button will trigger the massager. And of course, since it is 'tapped', and
not 'clicked there are no physical-responsive indications. However, there will
be voice indicating that you have successfully performed an action on the
massager.Conclusion-Very much worth the money. But-I feel like slapping a hot
towel on your eyes and simply let it sit there provides a more 'comfortable' and
relaxing experience than this product did for me personally. Now, once again,
the heating on this massager is fine, but I think it is just the heat + moisture
of the towel provides a more 'fuller' heating experience for myself.
    I've used the eye massager the past few days on all its modes and plan to
continue using it. Before this, I've never gotten a face massage or eye massage
so I wasn't quite sure what to expect. Overall, was a good experience and would
buy it again.The good:-It does exactly what it says it does. it fits comfortably
on my head and has an adjustable band so it doesn't squeeze anything too
hard.-The materials in contact with my face are soft, durable, and good quality-
The massage itself is strong but comfortable-My favorite feature was the heat
compression; definitely the most relaxing part of the massage-The speakers were
the equivalent of good laptop speakers. Not amazing, but better than what I
expected for music coming out of an eye massager.-I like that it folds up. I
haven't traveled with it yet, but folded up, it won't take too much space in my
small backpack.The not as good:-I wasn't a big fan of the music that comes with
it. I liked that you can bluetooth your own music or turn the volume down and
listen to music on different speakers.-If you're trying to adjust the volume
while wearing it, it's very easy to accidentally touch the power button and
change modes. Would have liked to see the volume on the opposite side. If you're
using bluetooth, you can easily adjust the volume from your phone instead.
Overall, after spending the day staring at a computer screen, I've found this an
excellent way to transition into my end-of-day routine. Definitely recommend for
anyone who does a lot of computer work.
    A neat product! I honestly found it quite relaxing with the massage feature
- it does quite a good job at hitting the pressure points, and somehow manages
to provide enough pressure to help alleviate a headache / soreness.Additionally,
I liked how it has a heating feature - probably something I’d use a bit less
often, but definitely feels nice to the touch (and not too hot!)Overall, a good
buy for people that enjoy a face massage and don’t want to splurge on the spa!
    I don’t normally feel compelled to write reviews but this product deserves
one. When I ordered it, I was pretty prepared to be disappointed. As a long time
chronic pain sufferer, I have tried so many things seeking any type of relief,
usually to be let down. Well, this product surprised me. It’s truly awesome. It
follows through on everything it says it will. The one and only issue I have
found is that the touch buttons are very sensitive but that is a very minor
detail. It doesn’t cure my headaches but it gives an incredible and relaxing eye
and temple massage. My eyes feel Much Much better after using it. The heat and
pressure are so good and it holds a charge for a good amount of time. I am truly
glad I took a chance and bought this.
    I usually spend around 10+ hours in front of computer with multiple screens
daily. Recent remote work made my eyes getting more and more fatigue, as the
lightening that I have is not perfect. Already had a scale from Renpho which
helped me so much, so I consider it as very trustworthy brand. Seeing Eye
Massager - I didn't need much time to order it.The product is very convenient on
eye (however, some adjustments on the band might be required, depending on the
head). My eyes truly feels more relaxed after using. Initially I thought 15mins
for sleep mode is too long and I would get bored, but comparing going to sleep
with and without the routine made me realize that those extra 15mins before
sleep are worth it.Only con I would see is battery life, allows basically for
around 45 mins of the device being used. Not as perfect comparing to couple
hours of charging, however understanding how the technology works I can
understand the reasons behind it. And it still doesn't really require me to re-
charge it on a daily basis, which is good.Definitely can recommend!
    During the past 5 months because I have been working from home more due to
the quarantine, I’ve been on my computer or mobile phone all the time and I
started to get headaches and sore eyes. I was told by a friend it may work.I’ve
had it for 9 days now and I’ve already used it around 30 times. First I was not
sure if it will fit. Because I have a rather small head. But I adjusted the
hinge and the band to fit my head.The heat and the pressure of the massager are
right on around my eyes and the whole eye area and a bit towards the temples. It
used to take one advil at some nights because of pain. In the last two nights
the massager helped and I didn’t take the advil last night.  I think it could be
from the massager. Anyhow, I’ve found it relaxing and helpful in terms of my
sore eyes.I haven’t used it with my mobile phone to listen to music. So no
comments on that. But the quality of the music played on the device isn’t that
high but anyway I turn it off as I bought it only for the massage not the music.
    This massager is definitely fine and great value for the money, however, I
was not able to use it fully as there are to many useless functions. For me the
most important was the heating, and I was heating pretty good. One minus was
that I was not able to deactivate sound. Finally, I was connecting with my
Bluetooth to isolate the sounds of the nature
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I have been using this
product for a few days, it is a good product with a brilliant idea.The heat
function is warm and comfortable, it heats up very quick (within a few
seconds)The material is soft and easy to clean with a simple wipe. (Not water
washable)It helps reduce my eye stress, as I work on my computer so often,I use
it daily about 15mins, it can relief my eye pain and make it relax.I truly
recommend this product for office people who use a computer daily.The only con
of the product is the operation noise, the noise of applying and relaxing
pressure was too loud for me. The noise is okay to the user, however, it is a
little bit annoying to the person sleep next to you.So I do not recommend using
it while your sleep.  But I do recommend using it in your resting time.It also
has a Bluetooth function on your phone.I will rate 4 out of 5 to this product.
    I am very happy with this product. The motor/air pump makes a bit of noise
while inflating and deflating, but I don't consider that a problem at all.  I've
just used a few times on the sleep mode. Did feel weird at first, but great
relaxation once finished. I had to find a good position with the mask... during
certain patterns it would plug my nose/airways a bit at the bridge of my nose.
Positioning the unit higher made a difference.  My only complaint is that the
longest setting is 15 min. Can always rerun the cycle though.
    Ich muss echt gestehen, ich war sehr skeptisch. Ich hatte im Vorfeld noch
nie von diesem Produkt gehört und bin eher durch Zufall darauf gestoßen. Was
soll ich sagen...für mich die Entdeckung schlechthin. Super zu bedienen obwohl
die Gebrauchsanweisung nicht super ist. Aber das Ergebnis zählt. Sehr sehr
entspannend und hilft Schmerzen zu lindern.
    La prima volta che l'ho provato non mi è piaciuto e pensavo di fare il reso.
Ho capito che le mie aspettative erano troppo alte. Mi aspettavo un massaggio
ancora più vario, ma dopo averlo provato per due settimane me ne sono
innamorata. La metto in modalità sleep e mi aiuta ad addormentarmi. È davvero
rilassante, il calore è molto piacevole. Addirittura mi fa passare il mal di
testa. La possibilità di poter ascoltare la musica che si desidera, mentre si fa
il massaggio, è inestimabile! I materiali sono di qualità e la ricarica tramite
USB è molto comoda. Insomma, ne vale davvero la pena!
    Got this product a week ago and it was delivered really fast. For the past
few days, I’ve used it about 5 times each day. As someone who works in front of
screens a lot, this thing works like magic! The heating and massage feature not
only relaxes the eye, but also the temple which have relieved most of my
headaches these past few days. It’s super easy to use, really comfortable to
have on while sitting up or lying down, and the strap is adjustable to fit your
head as you’d like. It even has its own music and a bluetooth option for your
own tunes. I would definitely give this product as gift to friends and family!
    Nice packaging, battery last for about 4 × 15mins use. Default massage with
heat  but can add vibration, or choose heat only or vibrate only. Good quality
build and comfortable.I did read review about this helping with sinus but it did
nothing for me. It is still good massager to have. Got it on discount at $60,
and used this almost daily. I must say the heating option is very nice.Music can
be turned off but it involves quite a few press to select. The charging port is
at angle and a little difficult to connect well sometimes with charging cable.
    My constant headaches that I had almost everyday disappeared after using
this product for 3 days.Excellent product!The design of this product looks
luxury. The fabric used for the inner part (the one that touches eyes) is really
soft and nice to touch.My wife and I use this product, we have different head
size, hence we need to adjust the elastic band, surprisingly it is very easy to
adjust it. It is firm and made of good quality of elastic band.It is very simple
to use this product. Put it one, press the power button lighlty for a few
seconds, a welcome female voice is heard to welcome us, and it will start the
massaging. You can use a few different modes from 5 to 15 minutes duration.A
highly recommended product to those that normally have tired eyes and headaches
from the tiredness.
    I fell asleep with this machine 8 out of 10 times. For single person with
problem falling asleep, it is a great product. However the sound it makes is so
loud that my husband cant sleep while I'm using it.  I also wish it had the
option to not turn on the voice/music at all.
    The Renpho eye massager is a game changer for me. My job mostly consists of
working on a computer and I frequently suffer from eye strain and headaches. I
bought the Renpho massager with the hope that it can relieve some of the
tension, and I am honestly blown away with how effective this little piece of
tech is! I use it every day for 15min before sleep. Not only is it very relaxing
and makes falling asleep much easier, but also in the morning I wake up without
headaches and blurry vision. I also feel like it reduces the dark circles and
small wrinkles around the eyes. Also, the customer service is great. When the
heating function in my eye massager stopped working, I contacted Rehpho and they
immediately sent me a new one. I also own a held massager from Renpho and both
devices are really well-made and high quality. I am very happy with the company
and the massager and I honestly recommend it if you suffer from eye strain.
    Bought it for about 2 weeks and loving it ! The massager is very easy to
use. Just putting it on like wearing a pair of large VR glasses and only three
buttons are involved to bring the stress relief experience. The eyes will be
completely covered and the massage together with the heat and the music provides
a soothing environment similar to meditation. The heat addresses the tiredness
of eyes after a long day of work and/or looking at the computer screen. My
personal favorite model is massage+heat+music. Switching modes is also very easy
by pressing one button only. would strongly recommend if you are working from
home and/or spent quite amount of time in front of computers or other screens
    I originally got one for my dad after his cataract operation to ease the
strain of one eye working for two and he said it really helped. You can adjust
the pressure of the massagers, which is great since we were able to set it to no
pressure just to be safe. I tried it on and within 3 minutes I was feeling
relaxed. It feels like someone is rubbing your temples and through a warm
compress. I got one for myself. Run it for 15 minutes at bed time. I find it
helps to clear the sinuses too and you can pair it to your phone and listen to
an audiobook while resting. Everyone should have this.
    Overall, this is a fairly good eye massager.  I liked the multiple heat and
strength options as I could customize it to my liking.  I did find it a little
bit heavy to wear if I don't have anything to rest my head on while using it.
The build quality seems very good - no issues with stitching and the item feels
solid.
    I work all day & night on computers and am looking at screens 24/7 so what i
wanted was something to help relax me after looking at a screen for 10 hours but
I feel like this just isn't as good as one I jad experienced while I was out
shopping. However my girlfriend on the other hand absoloutely loves it so in
that aspect it was a worthwhile purchase as she wears glasses and this helps
with her eyes. A+
    Meine Augen sind danach sehr entspannt, die Druckstärke finde ich tut
überhaupt nicht weh, ich habe es sogar auf höchste Stufe, es ist wahrscheinlich
wirklich Typ abhängig, wie schmerz empfindlich man ist. Vibration ist leider
bisschen laut, aber nach einer Zeit nehme ich es gar nicht mehr wahr, da ich nur
noch auf die entspannte Musik konzentriert bin. Wenn man lang am Rechner
arbeiten muss, kann ich jedem empfehlen es mal auszuprobieren.
    A friend recommended it!  The reviews were good!  Great relaxation with
built in sounds, several mode!  Charge with USB. Used it three time and did not
show sign of being drained!  Great way to relax before sleep of during the day!
Good value for the money IMHO
    I saw it on amazon and thought of giving it a try. The shipping was fast.
Product comes with simple brochure. There are five modes ranging from 5 min to
15 min. All, heat, vibration and massaging components work as intended.. The
headband is of good quality. Chagrining is needed roughly after 4 15 min session
uses. Chagrining cable is included without an adapter but these days almost
everyone has a mobile charger which can be used. I typically use it before going
to sleep and it just certainly helps.
    Es fantástico. La verdad es que relaja mucho. Lo recomiendo. Por poner un
pero, me hubiese gustado que quedará en memoria la configuración deseada de
calor, presión y música. Al iniciar siempre empieza con el programa inicial.
Pero luego es muy sencillo modificarlo así que le pongo cinco estrellas.
    Was honestly not sure about this product but saw reviews and was getting
desperate, thought it’s worth a try. I work very long hours typing and can’t
wear my glasses with my face mask so I’ve been having really bad tension
headaches after work from eye strain. I used this massager then gave myself a
5/10 minute head neck massage and my headache was gone!! Good to help you unwind
and relax. Heat feature is fantastic. Not a fan of the vibration setting. But
seriously, this massager feels fantastic!! Not sure on it’s own it would have
taken away my headache completely but with a little extra work, finally got some
relief!
    I bought this for the sole purpose of making kids get off the devices and
relax their eyes, and this little thing is way better than I bargained for. If
you are like me sitting in front of a computer all day with eye strain at the
end of the day, you should try this. Not only it helps relax the eyes, but it
also provides a pleasant relaxing experience with the heating, and calm music
feature. You could practice meditation while you relax your eyes, one stone two
birds. Overall I like this product and hope this review is helpful to you.
    I’ve been looking for a eye massager for a long time, this one is by far the
best one i have tried! The heat is well heated and the temple massage gets ride
of my headaches!The build of the eye massager is high quality, i definitely
recommend giving it a try if you’re in the market.  You won’t be
disappointed!Renpho products are reliable and customer service is great!Addison
    After being a person who has migraines and eye akes I find after use this
device it has eased up my pains and allow me to have a much easer day. This
device is great I use it every day mostly at night just before I go to sleep.
I’ll recommend this device for anyone most of all those who has tension and pain
about or above there eyes. It’s a great item.
    Un po' scettica all'inizio ma per rilassare gli occhi dopo una giornata al
computer e alleviare la sensazione di stanchezza funziona. L'unica nota non
proprio positiva è il rumore, piuttosto fastidioso considerato che dovrebbe
aiutare a rilassarsi.
    The Renpho Eye massager massages around the eye and temporal lobes.
Everything works pretty well and quite easy to get started. There is regular
machine sound when the massager parts move around, but I don't find it annoying
or too loud. Overall satisfied
    It’s a cool idea. It doesn’t go as hard as I would like on the temples, and
it took a while for the wife to figure out how to use it. Otherwise it’s great.
I would recommend having a non-stretchy head band to replace the current one.
    I've suffered from headaches for a long time and haven't been able to find
anything that really helped take them away. The Renpho eye massager has helped
relieve tension in my head during a headache and even prevented a few from
turning into full blow headaches and migraines . Even just using the massager as
a heat mask was great as well and very calming. The only thing is the motors are
a touch loud and if there was a way they could be a bit quieter this would be
perfect, aside from that this has been an amazing purchase
    Bellissimo articolo, inizialmente ero molto dubbiosa… Invece mi sono
completamente ricreduta. Io soffro molto di dolori da sinusite e quando metto
questo apparecchio sulla faccia provo un enorme sollievo alla fine di ogni
trattamento. Persino i miei figli me lo rubano per rilassarsi. Ottimo rapporto
qualità prezzo
    Sehr gutes Massagegerät! Absolut solide verarbeitet! Besonders durchdacht
ist der Maskeninnenteil welcher sehr gut zu reinigen bzw. desinfizieren ist.
    Honestly bought this out of curiosity and im very glad i did. I use a
computer all day and my eyes are exhausted at the end of the day.I lie down for
a bit with the eye massager when i get home and my eyes feel refreshed. Very
happy!
    I like that the strap around the head is adjustable, can fit most people.
Sometimes it can be confusing to use because you can't see what you are doing
when changing the settings unless you take it off. Wish there were more options
without the heat setting or that you could make your own combinations of
settings. Other than that, i love the pressure feature and the fact that it hits
around the temples, it helps with my migraines. I would definitely recommend
this to students with online school right now, it is very helpful with my eye
fatigue as I am always on my laptop.
    que otro candidato que tenía en mente.Sin que sepa a menosprecio, el Skandas
era mi primer candidato pero leyendo y leyendo llegué a la conclusión de que
hacían lo mismo, excepto que éste de más de 100€ te permite oir el audio
almacenado en tu móvil a través de Bluetooh.  Carácterística secundaria para mi
gusto si lo que realmente buscas es un masajeador con presión, vibración y
calor. La única pega es que, después de 3 usos con el programa largo, hay que
recargarlo por completo. Pero, en general, muy satisfecho.
    Me iba bien, pero la tercera vez que quise cargarlo, de repente deja de
cargar y no he podido usarlo más, muy decepcionada
    Bon produit par rapport au prix. Un peu plus de douceur dans la fonction
massage serait mieux. Réelle sensation de détente au niveau des YEUX.
    Avevo un massaggiatore per occhi da tempo, ma si è rotto, così ho acquistato
questo. Appena lo ho provato sono rimasta piacevolmente attratta dalla musica,
che nel vecchio non avevo edal calore che emana sugli occhi...è piacevole, ed
esteticamente molto carino.
    Me encantan. Vinieron muy rápido. Al principio tienes algo de miedo porque
el notar presión cerca de lis ojos da respeto. Si te la colocas bien y te
relajas es una gozada pues te quita bolsas y te relaja. Estoy usándola casi
todos los días desde que me la enviaron.
    This is one of the best product , I have bought . First impressions well
made , Good Quality , Feels Fantastic .I dunno if its going to resolve any of
your problems for dry eyes or Dark circles .But it can definitely put you to
sleep . Reduce Headaches and Relaxes you .I am using it every single day . Just
can't do without it anymore .
    Étant amenée à travailler en 12h de nuit ce petit moment détente de 15 min
est savouré. Sécheresse des yeux, maux de tête (attention différent des
migraines qui elles sont plus fortes), yeux gonflés fatigués au réveil, tension
dans les yeux au coucher, ou stress tous résolus avec ce produit. Petits bémols
que j’ai personnellement rencontré contrairement aux autres testeur de mon
entourage, au dégonflement : appui sur les arcades dérangeant, et poche en
contact avec le visage en plastique serait plus agréable en mousse et tissu doux
je pense. De plus, dommage que l’on ne puisse pas choisir le type de massage soi
même car durant les 10-15 min de massage, différents massages s’enchaînent et
certains plus agréables que d’autres selon les goûts. Mais moi et mes proches
avons presque tous réussi à nous endormir à la fin du massage tellement les bien
faits sont parfaits.
    I have really enjoyed using the eye massager so far!  The unit itself looks
very sleek and well-built.  The massager is comfortable to wear and doesn’t
leave any marks.  The pressure on the eyes takes some getting used to at first
but the combination of pressure, heat, and pre-recorded nature sounds help
create a very relaxing experience.  Being able to connect to a device via
Bluetooth is a nice bonus but I think I actually enjoy the nature sounds
more!Overall, this is a worthwhile addition to my health routine and I’m glad I
gave this product a try.  It helps with my sleep and I would highly recommended
it!
    Very well designed, comfortable to use, touch control is easy & precise,
temperature & air pressure sets nicely. A bit smelly when first opened but not
as irritating & I believe it will go away in no time. Noise (from the air pump)
is far from being annoying and I'm not wearing it to sleep anyway. It's "one
size fits all", so a slight tunning in position can make a big difference.
    Bought this in apprehension on whether it would actually do anything. To my
surprise it came well packaged and ready to use; was charged.Placed it  over my
eyes, strap at the back of my head, switched it on in default mode and was so
relaxing. Especially with our newborn, this is so handy for us, especially since
this is rechargeable; no wasting of batteries.The Bluetooth function for
listening to music or podcasts is a bonus for me.I would definitely recommend
this to anyone looking to go into their own shell and chill out; a good
alternative or supplement to meditating.
    This thing is a life saver. I have an eye disorder and use this massager
multiple times a day. I even use it in the bath. The only negative thing about
it is the buttons are hard to navigate when you already have the mask on.
    It is a really great product, very user friendly, the heat, the massage is
very comfortable. My other friends said they can even fall asleep whenever they
use it. One of my friend who has dry eyes problem said her symptom improves
right away the first time she tried out the product at my other friend's house.
She then ordered one for herself and she's been using it everyday. I can't say
enough how much me and my family love this product. Thank you.
    I really enjoy this sleep mask. I don’t use it while sleeping and I am not a
fan of any vibration massage products but the air pressure and heat are very
relaxing. I use this product almost daily before sleep and sometimes during
short breaks at work. The air pressure sound took a little getting used to but
now for me, the sound itself is also relaxing. The Bluetooth controls are easier
to use before putting the mask on and switching massage modes is easy and
intuitive.
    So I wasn't really sure how well this product would work. I received it
timely and as luck would have it, I worked a long day in front of the computer.
My eyes were tired. I used the vitality setting and wow! It actually helped. I
love the variety of settings and the little bit of heat. I will be using these
daily to rejuvenate.
    Nice product but it don't hold it's charge. So I have to keep it on charge
to use it. Thinking of send it back......Update. Didn't use it 10 times and not
working anymore. Sad cause I like how it works. I returned it. My advice, DON'T
BUY IT . Not worth the price!!!!!
    I enjoyed many things about Renpho's Eye Massager. Straight out the package
the device came charged so that was efficient. The design of this product very
nice, and compact. I like how you can fold it up and not worry about it
occupying so much space. This product is very easy to use, just have to power it
on and it starts working immediately. It also comes with many options, such as
changing the heat temperature, the different modes for massaging and etc.
Overall, this product is really relaxing and works great.
    My husband works long hours in front of multiple computer screens and was
recently complaining about tired/twitchy eyes, so we ordered this product to see
if it would help. We each took turns enjoying a 20-minute session while simply
lying back in a recliner. Definitely a unique feeling at first; however, after a
few minutes, we both found it to be a very relaxing experience. We were both
pleased with the end results and are now planning to make it a before bedtime
routine to help us fall asleep faster as well.
    Entrega en el plazo acordado,relaja la rension ocular,tkene varios "modos",a
mi el que más me gusta es el "de descanso",buena compra.el único pero es que la
locutora que te avisa de en que modos hS seleccionado habla inglés.
    LOVE THIS SO MUCH! Life changer for real!I only gave it 4 stars because the
buttons are hard to use. It lags or something when skiping through the function
settings and you have to go through the list again.Also, I don't see any
difference better the 4 main settings. Only sleep mode is different because it
doesn't play the music. Also the bluetooth speaker isn't vary loud, its better
to just play music off my phone instead of connecting to Bluetooth.
    Recomendable. Calidad precio.Lo utilizamos todos, cada uno tiene elige su
sesión depende de los gustos, pues tiene varias. El calor si no os gusta se
puede quitar y así disfrutar del masaje. Por decir algo negativo es el ruido que
hace con los movimientos, pero nosotros subimos la melodía y lo suaviza.
    I bought this on a whim for my birthday after an influencer on IG suggested
it. I’ve had a lingering headache for days now. I put it on immediately once I
received it and not only is my headache gone I feel extremely relaxed. It uses
just the right amount of heat and pressure. Honestly worth every penny.
    Compare estas gafas porque trabajo con el ordenador y como duermo regular
porque mi bebé se despierta por las noches ,tengo la vista cansada.Estas gafas
relajan mucho y te masajea ojos y sienes.Lo recomiendo ,es realmente relajante.
    Despues de tiempo buscando una máscara para dar calor a los ojos, me
encontré con esta. Da calor, da massages, tienen bruetooh. Durante la session
tiene musica predefinida relajante. Se carga super facil,El interfaz es la voz
de una mujer muy agradable. Los botones faciles.Por poner algun pero, los
motores de la presion hacen un poco de reuido, Pero la verdad es que si te pones
en modo relax, todo lo demàs lo atenua.La volveria a comprar sin dudarlo. Ahh el
precio más que justo dado todo lo que hace y lo comoda que es.
    I've been working from home for the past few months and my workload has
increased. I'm constantly in front of the computer and my eyes start hurting
around lunch time. On my lunch break I quickly use the eye massager, (I love the
heat function!) and I find that it helps me concentrate more on my work as I
feel more relaxed and am not distracted by my tired eyes. If you're thinking of
purchasing I would say go for it! It feels really nice and it's a nice break
from all of the screen time. 5-star would recommend
    Great price for a great product.  Love how easy it is to use and an
effective it is with helping you relax, I use it almost every night after work
or before bed.  Thinking of ordering a few more for family and to have one at
work.
    Works as advertised. It has air pockets inside that inflate and massage
certain areas of the face.It is a little bit noisy but there is music so its not
bothering that much.
    Its too big and too loud.The only good thing about this is that you can
adjust anything you want, for all programs.But unfortunately its just too big
for my eyes (and my head and my eyes are not that small, i can say they are
regular size) abd the air pump is just too loud.
    Llegó en perfectas condiciones,  pero al cabo de unos dias de uso, perdio
portencia, contactamos directamente con el vendedor, y se hicieron responsables
asi que muy bien.Fuera de ese pequeño inconveniente,  es un buen producto,
cumple su cometido.
    The first minute I wore the mask I wasn't sure about it, but the longer I
wore it the more I liked it! It warms your eyes and massages with air pressure
around the sides or your head and it feels great. I've never had an eye massage
before and I love it, very cool item, great for a gift for those people who have
everything ! Bet you don't have an eye massager ;)
    I ordered this for myself but my husband has taken control of it! It’s
surprisingly comforting and soothing for an electronic device - I personally
love the sound of the air pockets filling up and then releasing - it’s very
satisfying :)))Note: read the instructions to understand the different modes.
    Works surprisingly very well. I was quite skeptical at first but it really
does help after a long day on the computer. It's very relaxing, comfortable, and
the music is soothing. Just wish the controls were a little better but I can
live with that.
    This thing is awesome! Sometimes I fall asleep after a few minutes. I didn't
know how much I needed this until I got it. The elastic head band makes it so it
is a tight fit but it can be uncomfortable one the ears.
    Tutto bello, rilassante il massaggio, peccato per la rumorosità... È troppo
rumoroso... se non fosse per quello 5 stelle... La musica relax di sottofondo
farete fatica a sentirla ... A parte questo difetto, il massaggio è ottimo.
