    他の方が書いているような箱の汚れはなく、サイズもコントローラーにぴったりでした。しかし、画像ではケーブルがtypeCのように見えるのですが、両端共にty
peBでがっかりでした。まあ、記載はないので勘違いしたこちらが悪いのですが、記載してくれたら追加で購入してたのになーと。おまけの立て掛け台も地味に便利です。
    はじめはめ込むのだと分からず不良品かと思いましたが、無事装着出来ました。ホームボタン下の連結部分をはめこむにはかなり力が要りましたが、相当しっかり固定さ
れているため、外れる心配はありません。逆に、外したい場合は少々苦労するかと…。スマホの角度を両方のネジでしっかりと固定、調整できるのも良いです。通常のスマホスタ
ンドも付いていて嬉しい。買って良かったです。
    CODモバイル用に購入レビューで見た、スマホの自重で落下するとありましたが、自分も最初そうでした。きちんとはまらないし、不良品かと思いましたが、コントロ
ーラに挟んで後ろで止めるツメをきつく持ち上げる感じで付けるとはまりました。コントローラーのボタンの邪魔にもならず、使いやすいと思います。けど、スマホの角度を変え
る部分はカチカチの歯車式なので、消耗品かも知れません…
    iPhone SE2で使用してます。カバーがあっても問題なく挟めます。両側のネジを緩めると角度調節できてとても便利。最初はどうやって留めるのか分からず、
ガチャガチャやってました。分かったら簡単なもので、上側の出っ張りに下側の先を引っ掛けるだけ。留める時に上側のカバーがズレやすいのでしっかり押さえておき、下側のカ
バーの穴に指を入れて引っ張り上げるようにすると引っ掛けやすいです。
    100均でも売ってますが、スマフォのホールド感や耐久性に期待して、こちらを購入しました。期待を裏切られないといいですが。
    Steam リンクを使ってSteamのゲームをスマホで遊ぶ用に購入しました。クリップの作りはしっかりしていて、とても良いものでした。
    ケースを装着したxiaomi　redomi9sで使用してます。最近購入したデュアルショック4を使用していますが装着は簡単で問題ありません。
    子どもの代理で購入させて頂きました。大変気に入っているようで毎日使っております。また機会がありましたら宜しくお願い致します。
    Android専用なので買う場合は、お気をつけてくださいね♪あと、コントローラーは付いてこないのでそこもお気をつけてください。でもちゃんとしているのが届
くのでお楽しみしてくださいね♪？
    割れるかな？って思ったけど意外と丈夫でした
    作りがしっかりしており、ps4のコントローラー にがっちり固定できます。対応ソフトは少ないですが、タッチでは操作が難しいゲームが楽にできます。
    普通
    しっかりハマるので使い勝手はよかった。少し気になったのがスタートボタンが押しづらいくらいです。
    使いやすい
    新品販売か中古販売か未確認だった自分も悪いんだけど、届いた商品の箱はボコボコで状態が悪く、商品自体も変形して歪んでるおりコントローラーに取り付けることが
出来なかった。
    コントローラーにはすんなり装着できました。商品にも満足しています。ただ100均で同じものが100円で売られていてショックだった。これから買おうと思ってい
る人はまず100均見に行った方が良いかも。
    The price of this product is very reasonable how what you get. The unit
feels not super sturdy when you open it up however once installed it feels
pretty solid. The hinge locks very well, the part that holds the phone feels a
little flimsy when putting the phone in but once the phone is in, it holds it
well and I am not worried about it coming out. The phone I am using is a old
iPhone7 with an otterbox commuter on it, with no issue. It can definitely hold a
larger phone as well. The extra phone stand that comes with it is very sturdy
and I use that for my other devices. The USB cord that comes with it to connect
the controller to the phone is useless to me because I only have iPhones and the
cable is usb to USB.
    Fits my PS4 controller perfectly, holds my Galaxy Note 10+ perfectly. My
phone is large, and with the Otterbox on it it's very heavy - I turned my
controller upside down to see if my phone would fall out and it stayed in place.
It's a good idea to not have your case on while playing with a mounted phone,
because holding the controller is pretty heavy. That's no fault of the mount,
though. Highly recommend this product for fellow gamers! All ports and buttons
on the controller are accessible while this mount is on. Just be gentle while
installing it, and be gentle while inserting or removing your phone. So far it
seems durable and reliable enough! Comes with a short double ended micro USB
cable so you can charge your controller, but that's no good to me as new Samsung
phones use USB-C. Either way, five stars from me!
    I debated buying a mobile controller before I found this and I'm glad I
didn't. This thing uses the well developed tech of your dualshock 4 and allows
you to use it comfortably on your phone. It is very secure and snaps in place. I
played Call of Duty mobile on this and it was just too easy, got nukes basically
every game lol. Since the ps4 controller works VERY well on emulators too I
didn't have to set up any controls at all, it just knew what it was on my n64,
ds and gba emulators.
    I have never been one for mobile gaming until now. After receiving this in
the mail I was blown away about how easy it was to set up and use. Instead of
now arguing with my girlfriend on whether we were going to watch tv or play
games I can simply turn on my gaming console pair it with my phone and hook it
up with my controller thanks to this attachment. Great purchase and even better
price would be crazy to own this if you are a gamer it's an absolute game
changer
    Would have been a great product had it actually shown up. I thought the
package felt bvery light. Upon inspection i noticed the bag felt completely
empty. After opening... it is empty and the product i purchased is nowhere to be
seen. Terrible. Do not recommend this seller at all.
    I'm thrilled this worked out exactly as I had hoped. It fits perfectly. Is
not invasive at all, and fits my phone. I have a Pixel 4XL with a ESR clear case
(connected via bluetooth). I was a bit concerned about how the volume buttons
are near the center of the phone. However, setting it a tad off center worked
perfectly fine and no complaints on it seeming too much to the left. This was
one of the biggest concerns purchasing and it's a non-issue TBH.Two minor things
I would comment about.First: I noticed some of the low ratings mentioning it
broke easily and it felt like it was going to break while installing it. The
instructions on the box I find are missing the most critical part. I had to use
a YouTube video to make sure I did it right. The process I followed did not make
me feel I was about to break it in any way: Set the top of the clip first and
hold it down in place, then bring in the bottom. The bottom is supposed to click
over the top piece.Second: It's obviously going to feel top heavy due to the
phone's weight, so you can feel it on your wrists a bit. It would be interesting
if it were possible to somehow add more weight to the (unfortunately would drive
up the price) clip to help centralize the weight.Overall, I highly recommend. I
use this for games on my device itself and for Steam Remote Play.
    Holds my pixel 4a and Lg G7 fine with no issues, secures onto DualShock 4
easily and doesn't feel like it's going to break or fall off.My one issue which
I would expect to be the same issue with all similar ones and will vary with
each phone is the phone holder covers and pushes down on my volume button when
phone is located centrally in the holder, I have to have my Pixel phone abit to
the side, my LG G7 it presses in the Google assist button but with the phone
still in my case it doesn't seem to push the button down to activate it so I can
the phone in the middle.To sum up for the price you can't go Wrong, because I
now game more on my phone because of this device and Xbox game pass Im happy to
invest more into the Razer kishi.
    UPDATE: seller contacted me and insisted on sending me a free PS4 accessory
to compensate in which I received.This product came open and with dirt, like
dried mud on the stand. Also the plastic feels extremely cheap like it won't
last too long, probably won't use this in places other than my bed or couch with
fears of it falling or the clip giving way. This feels like a $5-10 product.A
few positives I have to say are it does as advertised, and the clamp down on the
phone feels snug enough to hold and the stand is okay.Definitely won't get
another one when this breaks, not if, when.
    So i been using this with my cell phone and ps4 controller, it works great
and i do like that this has a clip that will lock it into place, other ones
never had those so it would just sit on the controller this one you can move
around and the clip will stay
    This works really well! It’s a pretty tight fit and I worry about breaking
it whenever we put it on, but it’s been good so far. It holds my husbands IPhone
7 Plus phone well on his PS4 controller. It’s sturdy and the phone does not fall
down! Good product, would buy again.
    Pros-Fits nicely on DS4-Comes with a separate stand-Adjustable mountCons-
Looks like an opened box-The durability is questionable but time will tell
    Controller mount is fine once it’s properly secured. Bit of a hassle to take
off. Added phone stand is nice and really only thing I’ve been using in general.
Remote play is not very good
    I’ve been using mine for 4 months and I am very happy with it. I took it off
and put it back on as needed, no change still the same as when I took it out of
the box. Not very expensive compared to others.And allows me to be more
confortable while playing & take a break of my glasses... Perfect.
    The box arrived damage (like it was torn upon before shipping), the plastic
art that goes over the controller feels extremely fragile and over all that, it
doesn't fit. It's missing something like 1mm to clip and no matter how hard I
tried to clip it, it doesn't. Feeling ripped off, maybe it's jut me.
    Its a great product. It is exactly what it said in the description. I have
an iphone XR with a thick cover, and it holds it very well. The incline
adjustment is amazing. There product itself is well made and very simple to use.
Would recommend this product to everyone wanting to use a ps4 controller on an
iphone. Looking at it, it can hold all iphones including covers.
    It was bought for kids and the kids are very happy with it. Small in size
but great in functions. Compared to its price it's really good.
    Very stable and steady.  Holding up a Google Pixel 3 with normal size
silicon case.  Using it daily for almost a month no issue at all.
    Je joue tous les jours avec mon Samsung S9. Le truc est solide. Bien
clipper. La vis serre bien le truc en bonne position. La manette marche bien
sauf pour le pad mais sa pas rapport avec le produit.
    This didn't work for me, the plastic shell could not stay closed making it
useless. It just could not hold up my phone without opening.
    Bought this to play doom 2 and GTA in my downtime at work. Works great, very
easy to connect.
    It does work but feels like it's going to break.  The plastic is extremely
cheap feeling.
    works great! Also comes with a free adjustable phone stand so you can play
with the phone or iPad on your desk.
    Great product for the price. Does what it saysLittle on the top heavy side
though. Depending on the phone you use.But worth it for the price.
    No good, son couldn't even use it once. Just falls off the controller
    Works great. Just give it a good push when installing.
    Would be nice if there was a way to secure it to controller. Pretty useless
design..
    Great product and very sturdy. Love this item for remote play around the
house and just what I was looking for. Strong build and nice clip on design.
    The mount can’t hold any weight to it on the controller, it will latch onto
your phone good. But fall off the controller itself. Threw it in the garbage the
day I got it. Waste of money.
    Great product I use it with my ps4 controller and Samsung s9plus phone I can
play my ps4 anywhere around the house well worth the purchase
    Simply doesn't work, phone fits, fits on the ps4 controller. However, no way
for for the 'clip' to clip in. Waste of money, stay away.
    Good value for the money, if you play fortnight or Cod Mobile it works like
a charm
    Seems sturdy, have used for several hours at this point and have had no
problems, this was exactly what I was looking for
    Really worked great . It is hard material and good at fitting with ps4
controller.
    On the picture the cable is type C and micro. Tho its not, its micro to
micro. Now i got to pay another 12$ for a cable. Not worth it if you phones need
a cable.
    excellente qualité s'installe facillement et tiens le cell. tres bien
    Doesn’t work for the games that it says it works for
    cheap sturdy holds my A31 Galaxy good when playing  and plus stand for your
phone nice one too.
    The product serves its purpose but it is very flimsy also pretty difficult 2
snap together for the first time but once you figure it's easy
    Efficace. Bien meilleur que si jaurais pris sur wish hehe
    Prompt delivery and was exactly as advertised.
    definitely  doesn't support  my phone (S20 Ultra). Keeps snapping  off.
Wouldn't recommend.
    Good product,  does what it says it does
    For a Christmas gift
    Works great, makes gaming on your phone so much nicer!
    I love how easy to use is this
    Très comfortable et très léger. Idéal pour jouer couché.
    perfect
    a good way to remote play with a phone
    Ne tien pas sur la manette
    Simple sturdy design.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      See Update BelowThis
controller mount simply doesn't work. As you can see in the video I posted as
soon as you put the phone on the clamp the whole thing comes apart. The mount
doesn't actually click together like the product description says. The two
plastic sides just fold into each other but don't lock together at all and as
such cannot support any weight. I'm left wondering if I was sent a different
product or something.For anyone who gave this thing a 5 star review could you
tell me if your mount is different from mine in the video? I have no choice but
to return mine.UPDATE: I discovered that the mount actually will click together.
The problem is that you have to push the plastic so hard I felt like I was going
to break it. You need to push the top tab underneath the bottom piece until it
locks together. It wasn't easy. Now that it's locked in place it's very tight so
I don't plan on taking it off again if I don't have to. It does work as
described now so I will raise my rating,  but it would have been helpful if some
instructions were included to let you know that you are in fact supposed to push
the plastic that hard.
    I bought this and the one sold by ICESPRING to compare.  They are the exact
same, but OIVO (this one) throws in an extra phone kickstand in case you don't
want to use to mount everytime, but it was about $3 more for that one:This one:
$9.99OIVO with phone stand: $12.99Both come with mount plus micro-usb to micro-
usb cable. Kind of outdated.  It would be nice to see a type-c to micro-usb
cable.Both products being the same, they work great, just be careful attaching
the mount and detaching the mount on your controller, the plastic seems fragile.
It might be wise to leave it on the controller as much as possible to avoid
breaking the clamp.
    The plastics feel sturdy enough as long as you don't force it to do
something it wasn't meant to do. Otherwise this is a great stand for remote play
or using your ps4 controller for your phone!
    Just like the title says it is a controller clip holder! Does not come with
the controller!That being said this is such a solid controller holder that also
attaches to your mobile phone. I’m using the IPhone Xs Max and it fits
perfectly, it has an adjustable slider that will most likely fit any phone! It’s
simple but so effective and once positioned it is firm and will not move. A
little bonus comes with it too, with a kick stand so that when you set the phone
down it will stay stable. This is unlike a lot of other phone holders where it
does not have a kickstand and as soon as you put it down the unbalanced weight
kicks it over. That’s what makes this product so unique and well worth the
price! 5 star because it gives you the full package plus the little details in
the product make it perfect for anyone that just need the controller holder!
Excellent product!
    I was using a PS Vita for a long time specifically for PS4 remote play. I
can happily say I have sold that Vita and I am using my Note 10+, an officially
licensed PS4 controller, and  PS4 Controller Phone Remote Play Mount, OIVO PS4
Controller Clip Clamp Mount Holder with Adjustable Stand for Playstation 4
Controller Stand for all my mobile PS4 needs.The mount is exactly what it needs
to be, lightweight, easy to attach and remove, adjustable. The controller
portion fits snuggly around the controller and takes a bit of work to snap
closed, but only because it needs to be tight so as not flop around. The phone
portion easily expands to fit my Note 10+, adjusts and locks in place with just
a couple of twists of the plastic bolts.I'm really happy with this and I'll
probably just keep this in the car attached to the controller so I always have
my PS4 with me.
    Was delivered in a bag so as you can see from first pic box is squashed and
looks like either company packaging failed as box not filled correctly but
product came out ok and tried on controller and fits snug and perfectly.Last pic
shows lock which is you slide the bottom over top and the lip holds it closed...
Thin plastic here so taking off and on will probably wear it down so try to
leave attached if possible.Overall very happy with product besides packaging and
works well holding my one plus 8 pro phone.
    With Apple Arcade being a thing now I quickly got tired of the fact that I
couldn't play a game in bed easily because there was no place to rest my phone
and hold a controller (so lazy right?). I finally purchased this guy even though
a few of the other reviews on here drew me away a couple times. Honestly, I had
no issues attaching this to my PS controller. I took it off and re-attached it a
few times just to see what all the fuss was about, and how no trouble
whatsoever. I am not sure where the disconnect is for people installing this,
but it really wasn't that difficult.The plastic that wraps around the controller
does feel a little less sturdy than the rest of the mount, but I get that. It
keeps a lower profile. If the plastic was thicker I think it would make the
controller more bulky and be even harder to install.I also like how the phone
mount adjusts. It's not just a clamp that tightens down. There seems to be
little notches inside that hold it in place. If you loosen it just enough it
clicks as you turn it.This is totally worth it for the price and it's fairly
comfortable. I will say that it can get annoying to hold after a while
supporting the weight of the phone on the mount.
    There weren't any reviews for this when I bought it, but I gave it a chance
anyway. Minimal packaging, in a very good way. Thing seems sturdy enough. Holds
my caseless iPhone 11 Pro no problem. Would recommend.
    Initially would not fit on the PS4 controller, it wouldn't click to get it
to lock. I noticed that the plastic surrounding the joysticks were a bit wide,
lifting that clip part just a tiny bit so the whole lock thing on the front
wouldn't work. With the use of a cutter, I trimmed that part on both sides which
helped solved the problem I mentioned above. After doing that, I was able to
make it lock on the front part. Tested it with a phone with a case and it was
able to hold the weight. Would have been 5 stars if it didn't have that issue I
mentioned. The bonus phone holder/stand is nice.
    First of all I want to thank AMAZON for this gift. This is a great fit.
Super easy to put on, I won the first dozen games I played (COD Mobile) and
viewing the screen was superb. It also comes with a separate stand which I
utilized to hold the phone to view other things on the phone. Can also be used
on a night table to hold the phone upright. The price, GREAT, the quality is
good,  just don't start droping it. Holds the phone just right (adjustable view)
to play games with the controller.Hope this helps
    First off I like this phone mount now that I've figured it out. Out of the
box it took me a few mins to figure out how to get it on my PS4 controller. Once
I did I'm happy with it. That being said, the plastic clip does feel very cheap
and not very durable. I'm worried that if I take it off and on very much it
might break. The top part that holds the phone does a good job.  My Galaxy S10e
feels secure. The extra stand is nice if you don't want to have the weight of
your phone and you have somewhere else to set it. Overall for the price it is a
good mount and I would recommend it to my friends.Note: The cable it comes with
does not work with my phone.
    Product itself works fine. Kind of a pain in the rear to click together
without pressing the ps button but whatever.The reason I ordered this one is due
to the misleading pictures. In the first picture it clearly shows a usb-a to
usb-c cable so I knew i could simply plug it in to any newer android phone.
Great right? No, what actually came is usb-a to usb-a which phones haven't used
for years.I'll be keeping the product because it works, but I'm leaving at 1
star due to misleading pictures. I won't be purchasing from this company again
due to this fact alone, even if their products themselves are good.
    Just got this clip an hour or so ago and already will have to return it.
Don’t understand how they ever thought such a small piece of plastic would be
enough to hold the entire clip in place...it doesn’t even work without my phone
in the clip. Idk if mine was just missing a piece or what..but horrible
everything otherwise
    The product is pretty decent. And it's also relatively well made. But the
issue I have is the wrong USB cable was either sent or its a misleading picture.
It looks like a USB Micro to USB C but I was sent Micro to Micro. Considering
it's not 2018 I'm a little disappointed. But it's an easy fix if you have the
same issue. You can get one on Amazon for $7 so all in all it's not too bad. I
do wish it supported a bit more weight though. Feels a bit cumbersome in my
opinion.
    The item came defective and unable to secure to the Ps4 controller. There is
no way for the plastic to click in to attach and therefore you can not use. A
very disappointed boy. This was a gift and when given, it says the window of
return has closed. I would like a credit or replacement.
    So far its been holding up and doing what is suppose to do which is
well...to hold your phone on your ps4 controller. I haven’t had any issues with
it so far. The material it is made out of is sturdy plastic, but still be
careful with it. It feels like if I drop it, it will break. So do be
careful.I’ve been using it with steam link to play games while I’m on the couch
or just chilling with my family. Its pretty much feels like I’m playing a
gameboy just much more advance.People say they have trouble putting it on and
thats because it makes sure to be a snug fit on the controller. Remove all
additional accessories on your ps4 controller to make sure it will go on.
    Not sure what "thickness" has to do this but the "sturdiness" and "value for
money" are on point! The clip snaps in place and wraps around the PS4 controller
snuggly without getting in the way of console gameplay.What also drew me to
purchasing this one from the others sold was that a phone stand was also
included. It might not sound like much, but for the same price as the others
this was a deciding factor for me.Now that my kids see mine, they want one for
their very own. So it looks like 2 more are going straight into my cart!
    I purchased this to have a way to mount my iPhone to my DS4 controller to
play my PS4 remotely. The build quality doesn't add much extra bulk to your DS4.
Having the excess weight of the phone on top of my controller was a bit odd at
first, but it felt natural before long. You can only connect via the cable if
your iPhone is jailbroken, but a Bluetooth connection is just fine with me.
    Product arrived a advertised and fit my model cuh-zct2u just take your time
clipping it together as it is really snug (as it should be). Holds my oneplus 6T
just fine I even have a kick stand behind my phone and the holder has enough
width to hold it
    Absolutely terrible product. The bottom portion of the product works
perfectly fine and actually holds the PS4 controller quite well. The trouble
comes with the top piece, it does not physically connect to the bottom piece so
when you place your phone in the clip, it just goes flying back rendering this
product completely useless. Seek an alternative, and don't waste your money on
this one.
    This product works well enough to hold my Note 10+ onto my PS4 controller.
The stand is just strong enough to hold my phone upright. However, the
description says it comes with a Micro-USB to USB-C cable, which it DOES NOT. It
came with a MicroUSB to MicroUSB. I reached out to the seller, but got no
response, so I returned the item, since I cannot charge the controller from my
phone with the old cable connector.
    This product is cheap. Cheaply made, not very thought out, but works as
advertised. Sturdiness is very odd as when you close the pieces together, you
feel like you're going to break it. Once it's in place though, it ain't going
anywhere, and tightening the phone mount keeps it secure in place, even with my
heavy ass device.Need something quick and inexpensive, not a bad choice. If you
have an iPhone or a phone with usb-c the included micro usb is useless. Look
into the Amazon Basics micro to usb-c or iPhone cable to replace it.The included
phone stand is nice when you don't want to clip the phone to a controller, like
playing at your desk.
    I really like this mount! It even comes with a separate stand to put on a
flat surface. It’s easy to snap to your controller and easy to take off, unlike
other mounts that are really hard to snap on and feel like they are going to
break. I use this with my iPhone 7 with an otter case. Works like a charm. Go
ahead and get this!
    clips into my controller just fine with no issues. I have a galaxy note10+
with the protective cover on it. It does put some weight on my  controller so I
would have adjust the clip like how it is in the picture so my phone does fall
off. I use this to play cod mobile with it.
    Read the fine print. The device does not come with a micro USB to USB-C as
*prominently* displayed twice in 2 separate photos. Literally the whole reason I
chose this one over another brand. As for the product itself, your going to have
to be gentle with it. My Samsung Galaxy makes it a little top heavy so it's a
lot of strain on the plastic screws holding it in place. It's about a $5
product.
    This thing is wonderful. I broke my knee a few days before I bought it, and
I needed it for ps4 remote play on my phone.The adjustability is fantastic, and
it locks in place and holds my note 9 enough that I've never had to worry about
it falling on my face and I can get just the right angle.My knee is healed now,
and I still primarily use this just so I can play games in the same room as my
significant other. I highly recommend it.
    Everything about this is Perfect! I have an IPhone 11 with an otter box
rounded case and I worried about it not fitting and surprising it just barely
fits but I don’t have to force it at all! My phone though is a little heavy
which does make the controller heavy and you have to get used to that but other
than that great product!!
    Broke after using it three times. I am always careful with everything I ever
buy because I’m not about wasting money. The plastic is super weak where it
clamps together. Had the company used a thicker plastic or even metal, this
would’ve been an A+ product
    What I received looks exactly like the pictures, only it will not stay on my
controller when holding my phone.  Look elsewhere for a solution, this is not
it.
    Edit: the seller reached out to and offered a replacement or a refund. I
purchased the item for my son to play call of duty mobile. He doesn't play it
anymore, so I don't need another one. But I appreciate good customer
service.Original:Purchased it for my son, he said it doesn't work for him. He
said it constantly falls, never stays up.
    It works well, it’s better than the madcatz version with the rubber band
straps. Still a little hard to clip the clamp back once on the controller. Other
than that it is definitely the best version I have used so far.
    First of all it works the only downside for me it's that it only comes with
a micro USB instead of a type c usb because let's be honest now days most of
smartphones are type c usb so that's what kills it for me but other than that it
works!
    I can no longer charge my Sony dual shock 4 controller with my sony charging
dock station due to the usb port dongle adapter interference after putting on
this clip.Aside from that so far its ok.
    Using my phone like a mini gaming device is awesome. Whats not awesome? The
lack of games that work with my PS4 controller, that are fun to play. Also the
weight of everything when all connected  is like toting a small kitten
everywhere you go.
    This came in real perfect for my son while we’re driving he can hook his PS4
controller up to his phone and clean and keep quiet while I’m doing my errands.
I’m hoping that the PS five controller will fit
    This fits my ps4 controller great,  but the plastic is flimsy.  However they
installed a couple of knobs, one on each side so you can tighten or loosen
whenever you want to change the position of the holder.
    This product clearly shows a micro USB to USB-C cable but you get a micro
USB to micro USB. If you have a modern phone, you'll be buying a separate cable.
    Bought this as a gift for my friend and he says it holds his new iphone
really well, apparently a lot of these type of holders don’t!I’ve witnessed it
being dropped and still gripping the phone a few times. So I’m impressed by it.
    Good intentions, but doesn't work for my phone at all.. My phone literally
doesn't even stay in it, so to try and play a game is pointless. The phone falls
out almost instantly. I tired.
    Broke as soon as I clipped on controller. Not sure if any of these mounts
can support the weight of newer bigger phones.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Great product. You will
need to make it stay onto the charger because the phone is heavy, kept coming
undone. So i super clued it. But eventually it will come apart again.
    This definitely did the job well, it holds your phone on the PS4 controller
without feeling like it'll slip off. But I suggest using on a controller you can
keep it on, because it cracked when I removed it from the controller after about
a week. Knowing this I'll probably buy another and just leave it on one of my
spare controllers.
    Being able to adjust the angle is huge. Bought an Xbox One variation that
doesn't adjust far enough for my preference. Other than that I wouldn't
recommend taking this on/off your PS4 controller too often given how thin the
plastic is that wraps locks on the controller.
    It includes a phone stand. I like the design but it might be a little tricky
to snap on since you really have to use pressure and it’s thin plastic. Other
than that, works as intended
    I was not able to close the controller clamp around my controller, it has
not way of securing it together. It just comes apart before I can even attach
anything into the clamp. I’m not sure if I got a defective unit but other people
seem to not have this issue...
    One thing that I noticed about this that isn't advertised. When you fold
this down, it covers your home button so it's impossible to accidently press it
when it's away and in your bag.
    I didn't order this it was my son. But when it came he was not happy. I was
going to send it back, but the baby got to it faster them me.
    Really great phone mount for my PS4 controller. It grips well and doesn’t
move around at all.I’ve been using it as well to play Apple Arcade and emulators
with my iPhone 11 Pro and it has worked really well.Definitely a must buy if you
are looking for a mount.
    I get tired of holding my phone and controller around while playing an
emulator, this was the perfect buy. This thing was a little difficult to use,
but eventually I understood the clamp went in an over under pattern. And if you
have a phone with type c, all you have to do is try pressing  the share and ps
button at the same time to activate bluetooth on the ps4 controller. Happy
gaming!
    Great for holding phone while you play. Keeps my hands from cramping up or
getting tired. Also helps me from tilting my head down so I can sit straight and
not hurt my back neck and shoulders.
    this works! i have a iphone11max and it holds very well!! 🙂 i am happy with
my purchase . Also comes with a phone stand, so when i Facetime or wanna play
instead of putting the phone on the clip holder, i use the little stand and
works awesome!
    It's a pain to get on but once you do its solid. I didn't want to go through
that process again so I just left the damn thing on lol. Over all it's worth the
money to me. Good time consumer for my work breaks.
    The clamp cracked my screen protector on my phone; the Samsung note 20 ultra
5g. The cord in the picture misleads you to believe the cord included is micro
USB to micro USB c but is actually micro USB to micro USB which was
disappointing as the description does not match the image and my phone uses the
latter. Would return said item but seems too much a hassle for its price.
    To sum it up, it’s awesome. Once the phone is on it stays on. I have an
iPhone and I can Bluetooth to the PS4 controller and I don’t need cords. Just
have for any gamer. Oh also fits the phone with my outterbox case on it.
    Definitely worth the money I was looking for something like this and was
debating about it but after reading other reviews I had to get it and see if it
was worth it and so it was! Holds my phone great and the little phone stand
works even better for me
    Clamp holds my LG stylo 5. Does not loosen when I move the controller
around. It's a snug tight fit on the ps4 controller. A must have if you like to
play games on your phone via bluetooth controller connected
    Was broken upon arrival. The point where it is supposed to attach to itself
on the audio jack end of the controller was broken and not in the box
    I only took a star from sturdiness because it feels easily breakable, but it
hasn't broken yet. (3 days in).I had to trouble for a moment figuring out how to
latch the mount onto the controller but once I got that it has worked perfect to
play KoToR on my phone.
    After watching a previous purchaser's video i saw how it is supposed to
click. It take a little effort to get it to snap into place properly as i didnt
want to snap it. Once it was secured it is awesome, fits my S10+
    A little low key salty that the stupid little pice of plastic that keeps the
thing shut was already broken but I found a stupid easy solution I just melted a
hit glue stick with a lighter and it is holding good now . But idgaf im just
happy to not have to play cod like a bad ass now
    Comes with a micro to micro usb cable. Would be fine if it was 2010. Every
phone now has a usb type c connector.
    it does not stay clipped and the power cable is an inch to short so its not
really used ever
    It is kind of cheaply made. I was expecting it to be a little more bang for
the buck but it works fine. I guess I got what I expected but should have went
ahead and got a cheaper one.
    So far best product I’ve had. Fits perfectly (when properly used). You have
to make sure it’s in place, ones you figure it out, it’s not going anywhere. Can
hold my iPhone X (which is very heavy).
    This fits really well. I was initially nervous about connecting to 2 ends
because I thought I was going to break it. But once I did , it was securely
fastened.
    This worked great! I bought 2 different brands and this one was way better,
thicker plastic, phone angles are great, solid fit. I highly recommend this!
    Work better than I thought. For the price it is great. The only negative I
would say is you can’t use it with a pop socket
    Little tricky to lock into place but once you figure it out it's pretty easy
to use. Actually easier to put on than other styles. All necessary button and
holes are accessible. The extra stand come in handy and is so slim it makes it
easy to carry around.
    The mount for the controller fine but kinda really hard to clip on to the
controller and feels like it might break but it works great and will hold an
iphone 8plus with a case which is awesome. Only real complaint is that the stand
isn't put together like it was supposed to or didn't even at least include the
hardware to do so.
    Works just as expected, balances nicely with my older iPhone 7 Plus. Using a
micro-usb to lightening adapter I can even get a wired connection to my iPhone!
Adapter here (VisionTek Micro USB to Lightning Adapter White, 3 Pack - 900816 ht
tps://smile.amazon.com/dp/B015QI08GQ/ref=cm_sw_r_cp_api_glc_fabc_.Zn7Fb9Z8E3GV?_
encoding=UTF8&psc=1).
    Can get  this to stay on my ps4 control I will return  it back and I hope to
get a good one
    People that say it doesn’t even clip together just aren’t pushing hard
enough! I had trouble at first to but once I realized how to do it, it’s easy.
It’s a tight fit so it’s really sturdy. It all seems really solid so far. The
plastic that clips to the controller is a little thin but as long as your not
bending it any way it shouldn’t it’s fine
    Took a minute to get it on because I was afraid to be too forceful. Once
it's on it is sturdy as can be.
    It's good, but super flimsy when trying to attach to the controller. The
latch part is so thin that it breaks. Had mine for about a week and it's already
broken.
    Exactly what I was looking for. Perfect fit for both controller and phone.
    Definitely works perfect for me to play my call of duty mobile.
    So many of you may be experiencing the same issue I had when I first ordered
the mount which is the mount not closing and staying attached to the controller.
What you need to do is, grab the bottom clamp and forcefully pull it over the to
clamp so it can close. Now it may feel like it’s going to break at first but
trust me it wont! Hopefully this helps!
    2 in 1 , high quality products , easy to use and give you best performance ,
i like it and i recommend it
    the phone stand was a major plus, but the one that hooked up to the
controller is sturdy and so far my bf hasn’t broken it out of anger yet which is
good!
    Feels cheap but does what it states. There are even cheaper options out
there for the same product
    Perfect fit for standard and oversized phones. Just make sure you properly
latch the bottom clip to the top clip that lays on the face of your controller.
    Works great for my iPhone + PS4 controller combo. The only thing is I have a
mophie charging case and sometimes my phone falls off the mount due to the
weight. Without the case it’s great. Overall good buy.
    Product works as stated. It is very sturdy an compliments my clear dualshock
4 well. I would but again. Using note 10 plus
    My husband constantly plays on his PS4 or his phone. I thought this would be
perfect for him. I was right! He plays COD on it 24/7. The sturdiness of the
phone and holder are great!! It helps him be "all in" to his gaming.
    it’s sturdy enough and definitely worth the price
    Good product only one major issue with it, it will not hold the weight of an
CR very well make sure to tighten the joints completely so it holds up other
than that very good
    Does what it says very well. Great for the price. Im on a s20 ultra.
    Works as stated. Stays on the controller with rugged use.
    Both of my sons thought they were a little generic.
    Didn't work the first time. Company followed up with instruction and helped
out.
    Already broken and I was very mindful of the plastic clasp. What a waste of
money!
    Works exactly as described no problem so far
    Initialy the holder was hard to put on the controller, but it feels like it
won't fall off so it feels secure
    This is not the controller holder for you. The clamp does not lock in place,
so the moment you place your phone, it is going to fall off. This is definitely
a poorly made product.
    Im amazed at this product. It makes my gaming experience better especially
if i want to move arround while playing or someone else is using my tv.
    Not work
    If you have a heavy phone like a Note 10 plus (in my case it is the one I
have) and you want this product to play FPS I do not recommend it because it
makes the controller weigh a lot and makes it difficult for you to play and
would worsen the experience of the game :v
    It's a little hard to get clipped on controller but holds pretty well.
Probably could use a little rethinking on how it clips on to controller but
otherwise good product
    Now, I will certainly be the best mobile gamer, right?
    Exactly what I wanted! It works perfectly. My only gripe is that I had to
buy a separate cord because I have a galaxy s10 with USB-C. It would be nice if
it had an option to come with that cord instead
    great
    good
    Really good, i recommend it
    It's perfect for the price , it allows your phone to be attached with your
controller. Plus it comes with a phone stand and I love it. I use it on a daily
basis they're well worth your money.
    Works great! Gonna get 1 for my other controller.
    Sturdy and works well, cable included is micro usb to micro usb
    I received it Jan 13th and it broke last night. It's pretty cheap plastic
but it does the job. I just don't think it's worth the money. As you can see in
the pictures the part where it clips together snapped. I do have to say, the
small phone stand it's actually pretty useful and a nice extra.
    Works great with ps4 controller!
    Well designed, easily fit my PS4 controller and holds my iPhone 8 (with or
without it's otterbox case) perfectly! Probably the best mount clip you can
find.
    Very sturdy and you can use your controller for your regular system games.
    How it was built i dont believe it is intended for even10 grams of weight
which is light since any thing will make it fall apart. Very flimsy, cheaply
built. And honestly a waste of your time and money.
    I like that I can use it wherever I go and it doesn’t give my husband any
problems when playing on his phone
    Neat, and does the job. Works with iPhone Xs.
    I bought this to fly my DJI Tello using a PS4 controller. It has made flying
the drone much easier as I can have my phone and the controller all in once
place. It definitely makes the FPV flying a much better and more enjoyable
experience.
    Excelente
    Snaps on tight and secure. However, feels as if snap on piece could break if
taken on and off slot. Otherwise it feels great and seems very secure.
    I was skeptical about purchasing this item. But I am glad I ended up buying
it! It turned out to be a really good product 😊
    It’s crazy how a $10 item can bring you just joy :) . Great value. increase
my gaming experience. Thank you so much!
    cool
    It's a decent product for the cost. My only complaint is that it ships with
micro USB to micro USB cable. 90% of phones these days use usb c for Android. If
this was micro USB to usb c, it'd would be perfect
    Feels solid not cheap holds my note 20 ultra 5g no issues just wish it came
with a USB c to micro USB as a choice
    This is perfect! Fits amazingly and is the best add on for my controller.
Can play where ever I want now!
    Fits perfect and holds the phoeen perfectly
    It already cracked where the lever meets the other side to clamp on. The
clamping mechanism needs to be more robust for constantly removal of product.
    Dose the job well
    Broke on second day
    It not for iPhone I have a iPhone X and the wire is not compatible with it .
You have to chanchi the description of your product I just wasted my money
    Great product! Holds the phone snug. The attachment arm is tight to the
controller. Works exactly as I thought it would.
    Awesome item.LOVE IT.
    I play a lot of call of duty mobile so this is a must to have. It’s very
sturdy and I love that it’s adjustable no matter the size of the case for my
phone.
    Works great! Fits my Samsung s10 without a problem.FYI added cord connects
to older phone models.
    Works good on the iphone 12 pro max. Fits snug. Just make sure to tighten
everything so it’s sturdy. Would recommend if you play with controller often.
    Disappointed it didn’t fit the ps4 remote I purchased
    Everything about this clip exceeds expectations. Buy it peeps!
    The clamp its self holds onto the controller until you add the phone since
there is no latch. Due to the weight of the phone it just falls right off.
    Hold his phone well, still has it! Pretty neat design.
    Very disappointed this does not fit my sons iphone!! It came with an android
cord!! Reviews stated it was for iphone and android
    Bought this and didn’t even need it
    I'm very upset I bought 2 of these for my son's for Christmas and it was
only the clip. It didn't come with all of the pieces
    The product does not support the weight of the phone whatsoever. Flimsy,
does not clip on the PS4 controller properly, will be returning.
    Cheap but is exactly what I needed to up my XCloud/GeforceNow experience
with the ps4 remote!
    Works great, plenty sturdy. Exactly what I needed.Got a good laugh from the
broken English on the package :p
    Great product, mainly for for son to use to play on spare phone.
    I can confirm it works with Plus sized phones. Especially IPhones.
Completely wireless thanks to IOS 13.
    Needs better instructions on how to put the thing on. But you’ll get it
after a minute
    Did it’s job at a very low price!
    Good product
    Kinda hard to set up at first feels like its gonna break but once you do it
the first time it gets easier
    Little tough to get on at first but once on works great.Good product  for
the price.
    Works great! Super convenient, I totally recommend this add on if you play
alot of mobile games.
    Good quality
    A bit flimsy but definitely holds the phone decently to be able to play
    The mount doesn't clamp on the controller. This product does not work.
    Fits great on an IPhone X with a lifeproof case on it
    Bought as a gift m, recipient was very happy with it!
    Works like a charm!
    Wish the tightening knobs were sturdy. Other than that it’s a good buy.
    Perfect for playing fortnite on phone very sturdy and comes with stand
    I didn’t like that it doesn’t clip on, the weight of the phone is too much,
phone will fall as it doesn’t clip on, basically just wraps around the control
    I love it it works perfect
    The clip doesnt lock, you either gonna drio your phone or your ps remote,
total waste of money
    It can be difficult to attach the clasp at first, but really, a great
product.
    It didn’t close and wouldn’t hold a phone. Plus it was missing the stand for
the phone.
    PlayStation remote
    Do not buy doesn’t hold
    It dose ‘t hold the cellphone like it’s showing in the picture. Not
recommended waist of money.
    Super sturdy and kinda hard to put on but the lip near the play station
button goes under the gap near the head phone jack
    I can now play games on my phone using my controller. This is an awesome
product.
    total pain to clip but seems to work ok once clipped
    Take it everywhere I go easy to use makes my gaming experience more
enjoyable
    Please don't make the mistake I did. Very cheap plastic and came damaged.
    Clasp didn't function, wouldn't attach to controller. Absolutely useless.
    A++
    My grandson uses this daily👏
    I use a Samsung Note 10 Plus and it holds it up. The product is good.
    My son loves this he takes it everywhere the best gift he got he said
    Kids seem to love them.
    It works!
    Doesn’t stay on remote one bit. DO NOT BUY!
    Great for remote play. I use this whenever I want to do remote play now
    Becareful it work but cheap plastic lol
    Don’t hold phone almost cracked my phone
    It won't latch around my controller.
    It didn't work for me
    Holds my S20 Ultra Very Well.
    Made playing games on my phone much better
    Great product
    I can’t snap it on the PS4 controller
    Works great and it’s secure on my phone!
    Perfect for use no complaints here
    Works as advertised.
    Easy to attach and sturdy
    Good
    I just ordered one to many items
    Nice very good
    It dosen't work it won't clamp to the controller.
    Love it!
    Doesn’t stay on.
    Easy to use
    Love it
    Great control
    I bought this based on it being "Amazon's" choice as well as some other
reviews saying it was good for what it is. The only upside to this order was
that i received it in 2 days, being in Hawaii, thats unheard of. Immediately
opening the package, noticed right away that the clip was not sturdy at all.
Literally fell off the controller and I just placed the controller down. No
weight and the clip comes off. The clip doesnt even clip to anything.I guess you
get what you pay for. This chinese crap, literally is chinese crap. Cheaply
made, cheap feel, cheap look and even the writing on the box makes you want to
laugh because of google translates translation. No installation instructions
either, not that it's needed or anything.I submitted a refund request through
Amazon. Although it's free, i still wasted money by having to use about $0.10
worth of tape to reseal the box.Do yourself a favor, don't buy this. Save
yourself the hassle and buy another one or suck it up and use the phone controls
or your ps4 controller without the phone mount. Lol, what a waste of time,
effort and money.
    This thing is a piece of crap that does not work. It will not hold more than
the tiniest bit of weight, making this product utterly useless.
    The part of the mount that wraps around the controller is made from flimsy
plastic, and has a weak hinge. The clip that holds the phone feels good. It
holds my LG v40 in it's OtterBox case we'll. It ships with a micro USB to micro
USB cable. I had to order a USB c toicro USB cable to ha e it work. The cable
has the phone as the host side of the OTG. The ds4 will connect via Bluetooth
but the remote play app does not use it.
    There isn't a single durable part to this thing. The two ends that clamp
over the controller (if that's what you can even call it) were not aligned and
would not stay closed. A completely useless piece of plastic. Realistically and
from an aesthetic pov, you're better off buying a separate compact stand (or a
case with a built-in one) just for the phone and keeping the controller
separate.
    I imagine that a lot of these individuals that reviewed that the "case
doesnt work" did not know how to install the clip.  It took me a good 5 minutes
to figure it out (and some irritation) but apparently the bottom edge of the
plastic shell has to latch over the risen lip of the top half of the shell.  It
is held in place by tension and does require some force to lock in place.  Im
not taking my ps4 controller out of it, because i feel if I repeatedly take off
and install this case, the plastic will splinter or break.... rendering the
mount unusable.  I could see this thing breaking pretty quickly in the hands of
a child/adolescent as it does feel relatively cheap.  Care must be taken with
it.The phone mount itself is pretty good, holds my XS horizontally just fine,
played asphalt 9 on iOS for about three hours with no issues. If the phone
starts to sink out of position, you can twist the side knob to apply more
compression and keep the mount held in place.
    This would be a fine product if it actually clipped closed... but somehow it
doesn't. I literally can't even use this for more than 2 seconds without my
phone just falls off and the clip coming apart. I thought maybe I had a missing
piece or something, but then I read the bad reviews are all for the same reason.
