    当方トラック運転手です。お気に入りのラヂオ番組が終了してしまい、運転中寂しくなってしまったのでスマホに入っている好きな音楽でも聴こうと思い、ワイヤレスス
ピーカー初購入。リーズナブルで小型でそこそこ音圧があれば音質に関しては多少は目をつぶるということでサクっと決めるつもりで探し始めたのですが、各メーカーの特徴やい
ろんな方の口コミを参考にしているうちに迷宮に迷い込んでしまい、結局このTribitに辿り着くまでに3日くらいかかってしまいました(^^;　三千円ちょっとの買い物
とはいえなるべく失敗はしたくなかったので、よく吟味した甲斐がありました。サイズ感（500mlペットボトルより小さい）や音圧（トラック運転中でもガンガン聞こえます
）は文句なし。音質に関しては好みに個人差がありますのであくまで参考程度に。自分が好んで聞くパンク系、ROCK系には向いているスピーカーだと感じました。出しゃばり
過ぎない程度にきちっと低音効いてますし、中高音も埋もれることなく鳴ってます。驚いたのは、パンク系ではありませんが大好きなYMOの曲を聴いた時です。十年以上使って
いるマイカーのカーステでは埋もれていたパートまでクッキリ聞こえて、今のスピーカーのコストパフォーマンスとYMOの偉大さに改めて気づかされた次第です。耐久性はまだ
何とも言えませんが、今のところはとてもいい買い物でした。
    残念です。楽しみにしていたのですが、青と赤の点滅のまま作動しませんでした。この状況なのでAmazonさんと電話相談も出来ず、カスタマーサービスにメールし
ても連絡来ず、仕方なく郵便局でこちら払いで郵送しました。
    このメーカーはMaxSoundを始め結構気に入っているので迷わず購入しました。届いてみてみると想像より一回りコンパクト。値段も安めだったので、これはお手
軽用で音質はあまり期待できないと思ったのですが本体自体しっかりとした重みがあり、音質もMaxSoundのXBASS無し状態以上に出てます。パッと聞いて驚いたのは
音場の広さと言うか、臨場感でした。本体がブルブルと揺れる程度にしっかりとしたベースを奏でながらも設置している棚への余計な共振をさせない作りとコンパクトながらも豊
かな音の広がりはDENONのDSB150BTを彷彿とさせます。筐体は似てもにつきませんがサイズ的にユニットとか流用してるのかなと思うくらいです。バッテリーもコン
パクトながら10時間というのは十分合格点。充電端子はtype-Cなので充電時間もあまりかかりません。　地味にAUX端子もついているのが嬉しい。いらないとは言わな
いが、低音はそこそこで良い、中高音は刺さらないまでもハッキリ出てほしいという人におすすめ。以下不満な点・音量の段階が荒いこの手の製品にありがちですがあと1レベル
でちょうどいい音量なのに一気に音量が上がっていくのでちょっとうるさいかちょっと静かな音量になりがちです。・色が黒のみこれもありがちですが濃いめのグレーやグリーン
、明るめのオレンジ等のカラバリが1色でもあると有り難いです。特にこの機種はTWSが可能なので右左の区別をつけるためにも是非カラバリが欲しい所。
    私の使用用途は社用車でスマホの音楽をBluetoothで聞く為に買いました。社用車は、TOYOTAプロボックスガソリン車(23万km走行)で結構エンジン
音、ロードノイズ、風斬り音が大きい為にまず音量が必要でした。音量は、ノイズに負けずバッチリクリアーです。次に大事なのが、スマホ(HUAWEI Mate 20
lite SIMフリー)でのナビの音声ですが最初の一言めからしっかり聞こえてBluetooth特有の最初の音が聞こえないと言う事はありませんでした。もちろん、音
楽も最初の音から再生されていました。低音は自宅で音楽を聞く様な普通の音量用途ではなく、車の中でスピーカーから近い位置で大音量で聞く分には十分です。一つだけ厄介な
所は、充電のシリコン蓋が防水の気密性を維持する為に大変開けにくい所です。充電の度開閉する所ですので、もう少し工夫して開けやすい様にして頂けたら最高です。耐久性は
使用したばかりなので不明ですが、壊れたらまた同じメーカー(Tribit)さんの商品を買いたいです。価格に対する満足度は最高です。
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      屋外で音楽を楽しみたいので買いました。まず、この価格で
この音はめちゃくちゃ良いと思います！低音もしっかりと効いてるし、音量を上げても音割れはしませんでした。屋外で使用した感じはこのスピーカー1つだけでかなりの音量が
出るので周りに気を使いながら使用する程、音のボリュームがあります。車の中でも使ってみましたが車のスピーカー(純正品)よりもかなり良い音質だと思いました。Blue
toothにもすぐに繋がるので今はスマホでAmazonプライムのミュージックアプリを再生して使っています。YouTube等の動画を再生してもなかなか良い音が出ま
した。
    旧モデルのX sound go を約2年使って、音割れが始まったので買い替えました。X sounds go は低音がキツすぎるのと、電池の持ちがハンパな
いことから、屋外向けのモデルだと思うので、今度は軽くて電池の持ちも半分くらいのsurfにしてみました。大音量で聞かない私にとっては、こちらの方が聞きやすいですね
。ただし迫力は数段劣ります。こちらは見た目通りの小型スピーカーでX -は見た目を裏切った中型スピーカーと云う印象ですね。ただし今回はセールでお手頃だったので2個
買ってステレオ接続が出来てるので、音質は相当良くなりました。（迫力はやっぱりありませんが笑笑）ほぼ期待どおりの商品でした。
    音にこだわりがある訳ではないので、音質云々については評価を差し控えますが、購入して手元に届いてから使い始めまでの取り扱い、使用感はすこぶる快適(スマホと
BT接続も問題なく設定できました。説明書は最小限の記述なれど他で経験があれば悩まないでしょう)。約1ヶ月間の使用では、①風呂場で音を聞く(ほぼコレ目的で購入)に
は音質音量に不満なし、②スマホスピーカーで聞くくらいなら買ったほうがよい、③起動音、BT接続音、立下げ音？が大きめ、④この値段でこの性能であればコスパ良すぎでは
？、⑤頑丈。気になるところは、①充電には相性がありそう。詳細不明なれど、充電器、ケーブルそれぞれでできたりできなかったり。PCのUSBコネクタから付属ケーブルで
あれば失敗なく充電できています、②端子部の閉止フタ(ゴム製)がものすごくキツ目で防水的には安心感強いけど爪をはぐんじゃないか心配するほど開けるとき気を使うが工具
が必要と言う訳でもない。以上、手前の感想は、大変よろしい買い物でした。
    初めてBluetoothのスピーカーを購入。色々検索して、悩み悩んでこれにしました。x sound goとも悩みましたが、2台繋げてペアリングして聞きた
かったのでこちらに。まずは開封してこんなに小さいのか。と驚き、一台のみで音楽を聞いてみると…ちょっとガックリ。こちらのメーカーは結構好評だったので、素人ながらに
も期待しすぎてたようです。低音も音を大きくしなければ全然普通。部屋で聞くレベルでは低音なんてぜんぜん。これでは他の安いやつでも事足りるような気がします。ラジオや
お話系を聞くには聞きやすいと思いました。そして今度はペアリングして聞こうと、取扱い説明書を見ながらやると、ペアリングはすぐに出来るも、携帯に繋がらなく何度やって
も片方しかから音がな鳴らない。一度携帯のBluetoothを切ってもう一度検索してと何回かやっているうちに突然繋がりやっと2台で聞くことが出来た。2台繋げばやは
り迫力は増すが、でも音量を上げないと低音の良さは感じられず。一度電源オフしてまた接続しようとするとまた鳴らず…そして、携帯から再度選択して繋がる…まだBluet
ooth初心者なので、把握出来てない部分も多いかも知れないが、こんなもんなのか？説明書も日本語は一番最後に書いてあって、本当に必要最小限。自分自身もう少し勉強が
必要かも知れない。ただ、国産のメーカーや昔から名の知れているメーカーのスピーカーの値段と比べると2台買っても一台分にもならない事を考えると、高音もキレイに出てる
と思うのでトータル的には良い買い物だったと思います。他の色もあるとちょっとテンション上がるかな(笑)でも、本当に低音にはガッカリ。まぁ、ウーハー付きな訳では無い
ので、しょうがないのかな～あと、夜静かな時に気になったのが曲と曲の間に微かにピーピーと言う音が聞こえたくらい。電源オンオフする時の音の方が全然大きいですけどね。
    フルレンジスピーカーですので超高音の再生は難しいでしょうボックスの容量から超低音も難しいでしょうそれを前提に購入する人にとってこれほど面白いものはないで
しょう良い音を室内で聞くならデジタルアンプ（5000円程度）と好みのスピーカーの組み合わせが最良だと思いますこの製品の魅力は携帯性の良さ、気軽に使えることです枕
もとで小音量だと中域が強調され聞きやすいです大音量で使うと低音が強調される傾向にありますブルートゥースで聞いてますが、再生ソフト側のイコライザーを弄ることで籠り
気味な音を改善することができますただエージングがまだですので音の評価は下せませんが、もう少し上下に音が出る感じはしますが現状ではフルレンジスピーカーの短所が目立
ってますキンキン、カチャカチャ、ドンドンを期待してる人にはがっかりかもしれません中域の聴きやすさは疲れない聞きやすさです3000円程度のおもちゃとしては最高だと
思います
    届いてから1週間以上使ってますが、小さいのに意外と低音の音質がパワフルで良いです。実は取説を読んでないですが、ボタン（電源とBluetooth接続と音量
）がシンプルなユニバーサルデザインなので、すぐ使うことができました。使いたいタイミングに合わせて、パソコン、スマホA、スマホBと複数台の機器と接続しています。今
のところ、問題なく使えています。（Bluetooth接続をやり直さないといけないスマホと、やらずに使えるスマホがあるのは謎ですが、ボタンを１つ押すだけでいいので
困るほどではありません。総じて、良いお買い物だったと思います。
    見た目は小さい割にズッシリしていて質感は良いです。ブルートゥースの接続も問題なしです。ただし、SBC接続が禍いしてか、高音が弱く籠もった音質になっていま
す。今回は割引で約3000円で買えましたが、この音質なら2000円くらいが妥当だと思います。
    風呂場で音楽を聴きたいなと思いましてこちらの防水スピーカーを購入しました^
^風呂場で使ってますが防水なんで風呂場の湿気くらいは、特に問題なく作動しますね^ ^肝心な音質はというとノイズも入る事なくクリアに音が響いてます^
^風呂の楽しみに使ってます^_^
    今回初めてBluetoothスピーカーを購入しました。初めてなので試しにという感じであまり期待をせず安価な物を選びました。中学生の子供用(スマホのスピー
カーでは満足できずイヤホンをずっとつけてると耳に悪そうなので)に探していました。説明書を参考に操作しましたが簡単で大した知識もないオジサンにもすぐ使えました。音
質は言い出したら切りはないので満足と言えるレベルです。放水面もお風呂では普通に聞けるしスピーカー面(全体を沈めるのは怖くてやっていません)を湯船に浸けても壊れま
せんでした。値段もお手頃で小さい割には音も出て満足しています。
    ノートPC15型のキーボードと画面の間に置けるサイズのスピーカーとして選びました。音質に関しては素人なので...ただ、安いイヤホンとかより断然綺麗に聞こ
えます。悪い点・起動・終了・接続音が思ったよりも大きかった。傍に居た人を驚かせてしまったし、これ必要なのかな？・本体の音量調節が使いにくい。一段上げると大きすぎ
、下げると小さすぎと感じることがあります。
    このサイズでこの音質はコスパがよい不満点としては音量調節が細かくできない点+1回押したのと-1回押したのとでは結構音量が違うその真ん中の音量がほしい
初、スピーカー！簡単操作で、音にも満足！更に、1000円offで安く買えました。午前中に注文してまさかの午後に受けとれ、超満足してます。ありがとうございます。
    いままでは、ipadで音楽を流しながらお皿洗いをしていましたがipadと流し台が遠いためにあまり聞こえていませんでした。ポータブルスピーカーをすぐそばに
置くことができて、とってもいい感じです。当然のことながら、ipad単体より音質はいいです。
    以前から欲しいと思っていたBluetoothスピーカーを購入しました。価格も手ごろで大きさもあまり大きくないのでシャカシャカした音が再生されると思ってい
ましたが、スマホとペアリングをして再生を始めると重低音の重厚な音がなりはじめました。びっくりです。買って良かったと思います。
    このサイズでこの音質と音量なら十分ですね、ただ個人的好みで言うと低音が強いと思います、二段階で良いので低音が強い設定とフラットな設定で切り替えできればも
っといいのですが。
    とにかくペアリングが簡単で、何も考えず繋がりフツーに使えました。質感もデザインもチープな感じはなく、気に入りました。
    風呂でも使え、Bluetoothもスムーズで、納得して使用しています。音質については、まあまあです。もう少しづつ期待値は高かったのですが、価格を考えると
必要十分です。
    このお値段で、総合的に満足です。クオリティもいいですし、買って正解です。ずっしりとした重みが逆に良さを感じます。
    スマホ経由で楽しむときは、スマホ側のサウンド設定で音質がとても良くなります。是非、試してください！
1個買って聞いた感想は普通。コスパは良いと思います！2個でステレオモードになるのを知りもう1個購入…かなり音質が向上しました！！セール中に買ったので大満足です！
    風呂場で使っています。Wi-Fi接続は良いですし、操作も簡単でバスタイムが快適になりました。ただ、音がこもったような音質なので、質を求める方にはオススメ
しません。でも、普通に防水で音楽が風呂場で楽しめるので、個人的には良い買い物が出来ました。
    とても接続しやすく、この値段帯のBluetoothスピーカーでの音質としては、非常に良好です。私はテレビに繋げて使用しましたが、気持ちよく映画を鑑賞する
ことが出来ました，音はクリアで、とても良い。大きさも小さすぎず、大きすぎず、安定感があり。
    ずっと欲しいかった。やっと買いました。いろいろ調べてたけど，これは一番安いです，3日間ぐらい使ってた，音楽を聴いた時音質すごく良いです。選んで良かった。
    値段を考えると良い商品と思います。
    コスパは文句ないです。低音重視で使い方によっては音質に満足できない時もあります。でも気になりません。
    GOに比べてこちらは、低音が全く出ていない！
    睡眠時に音楽を聴くために使っておりますが特に問題はありません。ただ光が出てるので真っ暗だと少し眩しく感じます
    個人差があるので、参考までに、音ははっきり小さな音までしっかり出ます。残念なのは、低音は軽い感じです。でも、24時間再生なので、コスパは良いです。
    金額の割に音質はいいので満足しています。
    音質のことはあまり良くわからないですがコスパはいいと思います。通話用には向いていないかなと思いました。スピーカーホンモードでスマホのみで通話した時より自
分側の音が拾えていないきがします。
    こもった音が嫌いなので、あえて売りの低音を少し切って使用していますお風呂で音楽や映画、料理や草刈りなど手軽に便利！楽しさが増えました♪
音は結構綺麗でした。といいますが、私はあまり他と比較したことがないので適当ですｗ。接続も良好ですが、音楽を止めていると直に切れてしまうので、若干不便でした。
    外殻が厚く堅牢な作りである。デザイン性も大変良い。音質はクリアで満足している。
    iPhoneと Bluetooth接続をして湯船や台所で音楽を聴くのにとても良いです。風呂で使うくらいなら何日も充電しなくても使え、重宝しています。
    外で使う用で買いましたBBQなどアウトドアでよく使いますバッテリーも10時間も持つので安心して使えます重低音も綺麗に鳴っています
    音質は期待はずれ 5年以上前に購入した同価格帯のスピーカーの方が良いくらい。ブルートゥースの感度は最悪です。部屋を移動すると全くつながらない。
    音がいい充電もよく持ちます！
    値段の割に良い音質だと思います。
    値段にしてはいいと思う。ただ、思ってたより少し小さかった。
    家族で便利に使えてるみたいです(自分はぜんぜん使ってないですが…💦)
    音めちゃいい！
    なにも問題ない良い
    期待外れ　値段相応の商品
    私はBluetoothスピーカーは、Boss、JBL、ソニー、Ankerなど複数台待っているのですが、アメリカやヨーロッパでの人気もあるという事で一度試
したかったので購入やはり、この商品はペアリングでの使用が良いですねBluetooth5という事もあり再生時の遅延もなく、電源を入れると直ぐにスマホとペアリングし
てくれますし、各ボタンも押しやすいソニーのペアリングモードでは今まで途切れたことも無は無かったが、JBLでは途中で途切れたり繋がらなかったりした事があったこのX
Sound Surfはペアリングも素早く、途中で繋がらなかったり途切れたり無く遅延もありません音質として、低音はBossやソニーに比べてあまり出ないがこもった低
音で無く抜けの良い低音ですねただ中高音はクリアでボーカルなどハッキリしていて良いと思う最近の音楽シーンでは低音のブースト機能が持て囃されますが自分はこれで十分あ
まり低音を強調されない音楽の本来の音が聴けるんじゃないでしょうかこの低価格ですし2台買っても1万円しないコスパ的には本当にGoodですね低音はあまり出ないと書き
ましたがステレオペアリングモードで聴けばそこそこでていますちゃんと右のスピーカーからパーカッション、左のスピーカーからはドラムって感じで完全なステレオ再生で聴け
ますこれはかなりの買いですよ！
    音質：可もなく不可もなく（求め過ぎかもしれない）低音：頼りない。これが一番残念。（ボリューム大ならある程度OK）高音：OK。参考：　車内での利用は、最大
音量にして顔の近くにすると、充分と言えますが、少しでも離すと、残念な感じです。2,000円程度なら割り切れますが、3,990円（1,000円引）なのでもう少し、
と言ったところか。操作性：良いです　他メーカーでは音量±の長押しがあるようですが、これはステップアップ／ダウンで使い易い。また、一時停止、再開、一曲飛ばしが「▷
」ボタン一つで操作でき、説明書なしで使えました。作り：良いね　これは、期待以上です。もう少しチャチイかと思っていたら、作りは、とても良いです。その後、他の製品と
比較して：　音が細かく出ている方なのだと分かった。★+１　TWS の為、タイムセールで追加購入。届いたら、レビューします。その後、TWS ：　設定は難しくないは
ずですが、上手く繋がらず数回やり直し。　ステレオモードとして動きました。やはり2台の方が、音が広がり、いい感じになりました。　但し、スピーカーを床に置き、立ち上
がると、音が曇ります。仕方ないのですが…
    昨日届きました，お家で作業のため購入，音量がすごし低音もよく出ている，IPX7完全防水なので，シャワーのときも使える楽しかった，バッテリー10時間以上聞
ける，この値段で満足です
    最近、ゴルフ場でカラスによる被害が多く、その対策として購入しました。カートの後ろに積んで音楽を鳴らしているとカラスはカートに近寄りません。効果は抜群です
。また、防水なので急な雨でも心配は無く、アウトドア向けと言えます。音質は個人差やジャンルによって好みが分かれますが、クラッシック・イタリアンPOP・FAD・JA
ZZなどを聞く私は満足しており、ゴルフ仲間に勧めています。
    今度、バーベキューに行くのでスピーカーで盛り上げたくて購入しました(^^)こスピーカーは、2 台のスピーカーを組み合わせて、臨場感のあるステレオサウンド
になっているので、音質もとてもいいです🎶低音もそれなりに効いてるので、かなりテンションも上がりますよ！！防水機能もついてるので、雨が降っても大丈夫だし、川の近く
でのバーベキュー等も気にせずに使えるのでとても楽しみです🎶
    部屋で手軽に音楽が聴きたいと思い購入しました！想像以上に低音が効いてます！バッテリーの持ちも大満足。良い感じでした。
    購入前に一番気にしていたのが音質なのですが、重低音がよく効いていて、私好みの音質でした！また、使用時間もとても長く使えるので、重宝しております。
    軽くて携帯しやすいので、公園とかに持っていくのが楽しみです！　この値段で音質もいいし、バッテリの持ち時間も結構長いです。
    2020年版になり、USBが「type-C」、Bluetoothは「5.0」とアップ。曲の頭が切れる現象も、今のところありません。音質は前バージョンと比
較すると、バランスが良くボーカルが聴きやすい感じです。前バージョンの方が低音重視のようですが低音は音漏れしやすいので、マンション住まいの方なら丁度良いレベルだと
思います。（※それでもフローリングや浴槽に置くと、かなり響きますので注意が必要です。）再生時間が24時間から、10時間と大幅にダウンしましたが個人的に問題ありま
せん。この価格でレベルが高く、人気商品なのもうなずけます。
    Speaker arrived a few days ago and I connected to it just to make sure it
worked. The set up was very easy. Today I actually listened to music on it. To
be brutally honest, I didn't have much in terms of expectations. I needed
something that I can take on the deck or the porch that was better than my
cellphone speakers. But I did watch YouTube videos to get an idea of what I was
getting. There was nothing on this model just the XS which is what I made my
buying decision on.Well, I got a bit of a surprise. For one, the sound was
great. If you are lucky to have an older Chromecast audio and connect it to
other speakers...even better. It's really light with a simple and functional
design. What sold me was the Bluetooth 5.0 and the USB-C connection.Sound is
really good. Now, the bass is punchy but be mindful of your expectations. These
drivers are not going to give you the thumping bass of a home audio set up but
does offer clarity and a full range of sound. Chromecast allows a great sound
because it uses WiFi and in my experience WiFi always gives a better sound. If
you have ever used Android Auto you know what I'm saying. On this device you
will not be able to hear that distinction, the Bluetooth is solid and the range
is far better than prior Bluetooth versions.I've listed to all genres of music
and I found the speaker to adapt to all. Overall this speaker is perfect for its
application and the sound is what you might expect from a larger speaker. You
can play it while it's plugged in.I'm happy with the purchase and I am looking
to get another speaker for a fuller sound experience. When I do have that second
speaker I'm going to update this review on the connectivity using the TWS and
sound characteristics.
    Pro:Good quality of the sounds and bass,Price,Compact size,Stereo mode (with
2 Surf speakers)Good customer serviceCons:Battery life; not even close to 10hrs,
more likely 4.5-5hrs with a bit higher than medium volume. :(Connectivity;
continuously loosing connection with source and with each other in stereo mode,
need to be very close to each other and in good weather condition (without any
wind, or walking peoples between (my are located on 2 separate window frames, 3
m apart, one speaker continuesly going Off, small wind - loosing source also)).
:(Will use for inside, for outside is not good choice (for me), or need to be
close proximity and without  any opsticals.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This is a small speaker
with generally great sound.  I've had it and used it for a month and here's what
I found:The sound is great IF you pick the right blue tooth connection (where
applicable). The video attached shows my computer has two selections to connect
and they are not the same! Listen to them and see.  The first was "headset" the
second was "headphones".  Big difference!  Never had this issue with my phone,
Sansung A50, or an Alcatel A30 Tablet.  Those two only had one choice.
Important note, you need to disconnect the pairing first, before connecting to
another.  Otherwise it doesn't like to switch pairing.  To do it all I had to do
is turn off the bluetooth connection you don't want it paired to or pressing the
bluetooth button on the speaker to disconnect and pair with the new connection.
Use the button, it's easiest!On to the other features;The battery life is good,
8-9 hours, but only at 50% volume (45 or 52% level seen on my computer).
Otherwise you don't know what the volume setting is unless determined by number
of clicks on the speaker to max.  There are no LED light indicators.  I found
the range is 16, so 8 is middle.To charge I found I could use my phone USB-C or
a USB mini cable with an adapter.  The adapter didn't matter (charging only or
OTG capable). It does take a few hours to charge fully, no quick charging.  I
don't recommend the supplied cord, it's way to short!I tested the water
resistance only once (used it the shower) and it worked fine then and is still
works.  I did have to dry it with a cloth which can be a pain because of the
mesh front protecting the speakers.  I'm not sure I want to test full water
submersion due to the flap that covers the USB-C and 3.5 headphone jack.  I'm
sure it will work for a time until the flap wears out (opening and closing to
charge).The range varies depending on the device I used.  My computer was about
10ft, my phone/tablet were about 30ft with objects in the way ( That's
through/around walls, chairs, desks, etc). Keep in mind my computer is on the
ground and phone/tablet were placed on a table.  When I tested line sign, it
worked well over 50ft for music.Bluetooth lag.  I found no lag with my computer
playing movies or games.  I also found no lag with my phone or Tablet, didn't
matter the quality of the movie or the bluetooth connection type (phone is 5.0
and tablet is 4.1).  But lag started with the distance from the speaker and
objects in the way.Phone calls;  I took one call over the speaker and the person
was clean on my end through the speaker.  However I wasn't super clean for them.
They said I was distance and had some "noise" like in a car using hands free.
At the time I was in a quit place, so it was works, but only ok.Overall I'd say
it's a great buy at the prices of under $40 with a few quirks.  I'd recommend if
you want a decent speak that's small, portable, sound good and has a pretty good
battery.  This one's great!
    Bluetooth speaker received. Just like the picture, the small speaker with
beautiful appearance is of good quality, loud voice and no noise. The size is
only the palm of the hand, and the weight is not heavy. It is very suitable for
carrying. Mobile phones and computers can be used. The cost performance can be
said to be very high. It is easy to operate and the sound quality is very good.
Now I can do housework while listening to songs. Children also like to listen to
songs in the backyard Dancing, kids love this Bluetooth speaker.
    I'm not an audiophile, so these speakers sound great to me.  What's more, I
bought two.  Why?  Well, having listened so much to music from small speakers in
the car, through Alexa, and elsewhere I had forgotten what stereo sounded
like.Stereo.  Sounds like something from the 1960's doesn't it?  Who needs it?
Everyone.  I was amazed at how easy it was to pair two of these speakers up and
stream an orchestra in my living room!So don't just buy one speaker.  Get two.
Guaranteed that two of these inexpensive speakers will sound better than just
one that costs twice as much!
    I bought this so i could listen to music at work in my office. the sound
quality is pretty good, it easily connect to my laptop as soon as they power up.
Since i only bought on i cannot comment on the double speaker in stereo mode.
Battery last easily 8 hours as i usually work late. most of the time i just plug
it to my laptop when i use it.
    I've never repackaged anything to be returned so fast. Literally took it out
to test it and put it back in. Already had the packaging in the garbage because
I did not expect it to be this terrible.Volume distorts right around 60% which
is SO low.. I've had $20 speakers in the past that distort around 90% that blow
this thing out of the water. I hope I don't have to pay to send it back.
    This speaker is great. It is built very well, effortlessly connects to your
bluetooth and has a pretty good battery. The sound is very good. It is nice and
clear and it doesn't seem to be lacking in any way. The only thing that I can
think of is that the bass is a little lacking at the highest volume but with a
speaker this size that is to be expected. The water rating is great too since it
means you won't have to worry if get caught in the rain or something similar. I
definitely recommend this speaker.
    This speaker works well for the price. I have used it as both a computer
speaker as well as going out to the lake and playing music for our group of
friends.The volume gets quite loud, and if you are taking it camping or
something, it is great for that purpose. As a cheap computer speaker, it does
well. I mostly use it just for youtube videos or casual gaming. The only
criticism I have is that the treble can be a little soft, and you have to turn
the volume up quite a bit to understand what people are saying.For example, on
my headphones I turn the volume to about 15-20%. On these speakers I have to be
between 40-60% to have the same level of clarity.It has an AUX port, a USB-C
port, and bluetooth. It pairs quickly. I have an android and my friend had an
iPhone, and both phones synced without issues. We had music playing from about
0930-1530, and it was still going strong.
    Meh, it's alright for under 30. Battery doesn't last anywhere near what they
claim. Lucky to get 4 hours out of it just watching TV at medium volume. The
build quality is excellent but the sound quality is very lacking. I would've
given it 4 stars if you could charge it and use the speakers thru the aux port
at the same time but you cannot.
    Update, Jan 8th, 2021Received the replacement. Really appreciate it and
thank you for the great customer service!Will update this comment if it stops
working withing 6 months.To be honest, the sound quality is very satisfied. Hope
it lasts.==========================Bought this 5 months ago. Enjoyed it when
watching movies with my phone.I also use it for conference calls or team
meetings.However, since a few weeks ago, it stops working when connecting to my
windows laptop, or mac pc, with cable or bluetooth. It seems like the problem is
with the mic, which is trying to compete with the speaker. Then I cannot hear
anything, and I cannot power it off. Even after I unlug it, or turn off the
bluetooth on the pc. Can you imagine when I was presenting in the middle of a
critical meeting with my client?Therefore, I cannot use it to connec to pc
anymore.I guees, very soon, I cannot use it to connect to my phone either.Well,
I enjoyed it for 4 months.
    As stated, more like 30 ft instead of 100ft. reception.  Bluetooth paired
quickly with my laptop..but failed to pair with my Samsung Android. Product
arrived on time and seems well made with great sound,but the poor reception and
disappointing failure to pair with my phone,  equals 2 star overall rating.
    Needed a new speaker. Wanted BT5.0 and USB-C, to make charging easier with
one cable and charger.Surf did not charge or work with my Pixel 3A PD charger.
Tried a different PD charger and will not work.So now, have to use a different
cable and charger.Better option would be a larger battery from 2200mah and a
hook to hang.Overall the sound is fantastic and fills a small room at low volume
at about 30%\Spoke with Tribit about charging issue with PD chargers. They have
been very helpful and mentioned they will hopefully fix this on future versions
and other fixes.Changing from 3 too 4 star. just only lack of PD charging. Rest
is great.
    I like this soundbar and its worth product.Pros:1) Bass quality and output
sound, both are fantastic, beyond the expectations.2) Small, handy and light
weight.3) Water proof.4) After completing full battery charge, it works for at
least 5 or 5:30 hours.Cons:1) Charging cable is too small.
    I’ve owned Sonos One, (terrible connection problem) owned Google Nest
(terrible latency problem). This 35 dollar speaker blows them out of the water.
No latency or chattering with watching videos off of Bluetooth connections to
computers (except for when you have 4+ Bluetooth device connections at the same
time). I bought 2 and the stereo mode works magically. Base is a tiny bit light
when compared to $300 sonos, but still better than Google Nest. This is such a
good buy and if you’re buying, buy 2.
    A great outdoor speaker fairly small but with a BIG sound.
    Very affordable speaker that's waterproof and compact. Bought it to replace
an old portable Polk Audio speaker in the shower that's no longer working. The
Tribit Surf sounds great for its price. Sound is very bass-heavy - good for
music but may not be the right choice for listening to spoken voice (ie.
podcast, newscast, etc).The speaker is backed by excellent service from Tribit.
Had an issue with a sticky volume button. After contacting support, a
replacement was sent within a week. Hight recommended.
    Very impressed with the quality of sound. High quality Bass and clear sound.
Very stable connection with Bluetooth and haven’t had any connection issues so
far. I like the fact that’s it’s water proof and dustproof so fun to use
outdoor. Charges quickly and happy with battery life. Overall great speaker.
    This excellent little speaker is perfect for my needs. Whenever I'm
listening to music or speakers from a webinar I turn the speaker on and am soo
pleased with the improved sound and volume. And to top it off, the price is
right!
    Pros:  Sound quality is pretty good for what it is. Decent bass for a small
speaker, and pretty good clarity. Customer service is very friendly and
attentive. The first one I received was damaged and they completely replaced it
free of charge.Cons: The battery life is a joke. Only lasts a couple of hours
(literally) before the "battery low" warning comes on, and then dies shortly
after. You will spend more time charging this thing than actually using it.
    The packaging was in good condition.  Unit would not turn on so I pugged it
in to charge but no red light.  I left it for awhile to see if it would recover
but after 15min all it does is power up for a couple seconds then powers off.
Stays off for about 10 seconds then turns itself on, repeat.  Only one other
similar complaint in reviews so I'm hoping an exchange will fix it.
    I've had many backyard speakers in my life, and this one has by far been the
best bet for my buck. And many of the speakers I've lost have been due to water
damage, so the fact that I don't have to worry about it around water is awesome.
I totally recommend.
    Good size not big not small, the speakers power excellent for indoor and
outdoor, charging port is Usb-C that very important because the micro usb cable
always got loose.
    I've had this product for a few months and at first it sounded great great
quality of sound base so on so forth but now a few months later it seems I blew
a speaker so not very happy
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      The packaging was intact
when I received the goods, but when I pressed the power button, it did not work
and the instruction light did not turn on. I thought it might be because the
product is out of power. Even if it is connected to the power cord to charge,
the indicator light still does not light up. The goods sent to me is broken.
    Item arrivée bien emballé. C'est une grosseur convenable pour trimbaler
partout. Le son est vraiment bon! Pour le prix, c'est un excellent produit. Je
recommande fortement. J'en ai acheté plus que un et mes ados les adorent!
    I use 2 of these Tribit speakers around the house, and I've sold a few more
to customers. For the price, the sound is very good, the distance is very good
and the connectivity seems very responsive. Dollar for dollar I won't hesitate
to buy more of this brand when customers are looking for a bluetooth speaker.
    This little speaker is deceiving. The sound it puts out is anazing. Clear,
good base and treble. Streaming a podcast through the speacker and BF thought
the sound was coming from our sound bar.
    Sound is great. Sleek look. I am disappointed at the Bluetooth. I chose the
surf over the older model mostly for the Bluetooth distance. No where near 100
feet. I loose signal at 40 feet. Having a longer lasting battery in the older
model is money better spent. I’ll try to return this one
    Merveilleux produit à petit prix!  Mes premiers haut parleurs Bluetooth
stéréo.  Je suggère vraiment la paire!  Le son est riche et les basses et les
hautes sont savamment bien mélangées.  Petit mais efficace!  Wow!
    This speaker functions well and has a pretty good battery life. The sound
quality is OK , but I'm happy with it, considering it's size and price.
    Decent bass and sound quality for the price. Works well for a few hours and
pairs well with my iPhone 12.
    Battery life I believe it's abit less than advertised, but the sound is
fantastic and pairs very quickly.The microphone works very well, other person
hears me very well.
    Great sound that's full of base and volume.  The battery life is really good
as well.  I highly recommend this speaker.
    Like: compactDislike: could be a wee bit louder. A friend who listens to old
radio broadcasts with me, wears hearing aids, and still finds this too quiet.
    de ma télé j'ai de la musique au choix que je transfer sur mon tribit X
soundSUPERBE
    i just love this speaker, the sound is good and i got what i wanted for my
money!
    This speaker is great. Works great, is small and compact. Highly recommend
this product!
    Used it twice. So far it's been good...Decent bass sound.. satisfied for the
price.
    This speaker blue-tooths very easy to my i-phone.It has a nice deep sound
not tinny like other speakers.Very good quality for the price you pay
    Just got it! Sound quality is good and bass is decent for the size of the
speaker no complaints! Nice size easy to carry with you everywhere.
    Easy to pair bluetooth, excellent tone quality, compact to carry in car
    Twelve watts is more than enough power to drive this speaker.
    I was always looking for a small Bluetooth speaker that is affordable and
easy to be carried all over on our outings.I recommend this is ideal size and
gives sufficient clear sound for the purpose I use it for.
    I have mounted this speaker on my bike and find myself often having to lower
the volume because of how loud it can get, with really good quality audio and
it's price I do recommend this product.
    Pretty impressed with the sound out of this. I wasn't expecting much for
this price, but it sounds good. It connected fast and I'm happy with it.
Charging cable is a bit short.
    Works as advertised. Simple to use and good sound quality for outside on the
patio without being too loud and annoying the neighbours.
    It’s compact, easy to set up and use. Sound quality is good and clear. I
charged it up when I received it and haven’t had to charge it again yet after 3
weeks of limited use. Very good value for the price.
    I have used many Bluetooth products and over all this is a great deal
    It’s a very good little unit but the base on it is out of control and
battery life is not as expectedIt does have very good connectivity and range
    Excellent speaker for the money.
    Ma fille aime beaucoup et utilise tous les jours pendant la douche et dans
sa chambre.
    Bonne qualité du son. Bon rapport qualité prix. Il ne reste qu'à voir si la
batterie dure longtemps. Très satisfait jusqu'à maintenant.
    Great sound! Very well built!
    I'm in my backyard & garage working quite a bit and these are great.
Perfect!!
    very good would buy it again
    It is very good. It has very good sound.
    This bluetooth speaker was perfect to use in my exercise room. The sound is
great and it’s small and durable. I am very happy with it.
    Beau bon pas chère
    Great highs & mids,Very poor bass reproduction.Had to return.Good for
    It's very compact and set up in seconds. Works very well and is a great
value. Although it does not play anywhere close to 10 hours as advertised.
    The speaker started sounded really bad with lots of static noise after two
days of use.
    I bought two to do stereo. Not bad for this price.
    Great product. Sounds a lot better than expected.
    Great price, delivery and quality. Stoked!!
    Seems great
    Honestly for the price I enjoy it good bang for the buck
    For the price? I have had zero issues with the product. Light weight. Easy
to connect to. For its size, the sound quality is just fine.
    This speaker isn't loud at all. I have another one about half the size that
sounds just as loud and with better bass. This was a waste of money
    Se connecte facilement avec Android et ma table tournante Sony
    Great sound and easy to set up. Only took 30 minutes for a full charge.
Recommend it highly.
    Bonne qualité sonore et durée de vie de la batterie très satisfaisante. Je
n’ai pas testé l’imperméabilité.
    Awesome sound for such a tiny price.
    Gteat price
    Amazing speaker, the quality is so clear at high volume and bass is very
good. Good speaker for the price!!
    It is a great quality for the size
    Very loud and easy to connect
    Was really impressed by this speaker...good sound quality.
    Nothing bad to say use it everyday in our hottub
    Great product...has better sound than expected....good range and good value!
    very nice, very helpful
    Volume is excellent.  Charges quickly and battery lasts.
    Très satisfait. Rapport qualité prix imbattable. Parfait pour mon
utilisation.
    I returned this item and upgraded. This one I have to daughter.
    👍👍👍
    Excellent little speaker great soind
    Sounds good. Definitely better then expected for the price point
    It has a nice sound quality. Handy to carry anywhere.
    Great quality. Awesome sound and battery life
    Très petit mais très puissant !!
    I thought I could pair them with my tv but no.
    Great sound, couldn’t charge
    Great speaker, big sound for the price.
    Easy to pair and sounds great.
    A well made item. Easy to operate.
    bon petit appareilsatisfaite de m’on achat
    Great sound , long battery life! Super love it,
    Excelent
    It has a great sound. I use it in my workshop.
    Très bon son !
    Good product, good price
    Très satisfait de ce produit
    Excellent product
    battery last for 3 hr only
    Great sound quality!
    Works great!
    Looks good
    Great sound for the price
    Loisirs
    Fantastic
    Good
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      We absolutely love this
Bluetooth speaker,It’s portable, light weight, easy to use, connects in seconds
to the phone.The sounds is so good and clear. It’s very high quality. (Check
video) we were only at level 4-5 and still goes higher however we have never
been able to play at it’s loudest. It can go really high volume. It charges in
couple of hours, battery is ok, it last about 5 days of about an hour or two use
each day before it required to be charged again.Overall, we are very satisfied
with the purchase and highly recommend it if you are looking for an affordable,
yet high quality item.
    Any one giving this speaker less than 5 stars has slightly skewed
expectations. The sound coming from this little speaker is amazing, especially
when you consider the price and size... I have the Tribit XSound Go and I love
that speaker. Mainly because of the clarity and size. The XSound Surf picks up
where that speaker left off and ups the bass, my only grievance with the XSG.
Another big feature the XSS has over the XSG is you can pair 2 for true wireless
stereo. Not being able to pair was something that pissed my off about the XSG.
So with that said I will be getting another XSS. My only grievance with the XSS
is the battery. You’ll be lucky if you can get 5 hours on full volume. Also,
bass diminishes at full but clarity is retained. XSS plenty loud though so going
to full isn’t necessary, at least not for me, 70% is the sweet spot, unless
you’re taking it outdoors. So, with all that said, please cop, you won’t be
disappointed. Trust!Addendum: I jump the gun on my review of the XSound Surf. I
should’ve lived with it a couple of weeks, at least, before reviewing. Now that
I have, I have to say that I’m not as blown away as I was initially. Mind you I
think it still sounds good, especially when price is considered. But there’s a
slight hollowness to the sound that’s slightly off putting. That hollow gets
more pronounced the higher up you go on the volume scale. Above 70% and the
hollowness starts to get annoying. I also said that the XSS has the same sound
signature as the XSound Go but with more bass. I was wrong about that too. The
XSG has a clearer cleaner sound that become even more evident when you play at
maximum volume. I’m still going to stay with the 5 stars I gave initially
because of the value, I paid $21, which is a steal 😊
    I wanted a small speaker to play music at home since we're all working from
these days. I was looking around for different speakers and I came down to this
one (Tribit Xsound Surf) or the Anker Soundcore 2. The 2 major reasons I ended
up choosing this speaker is:1. USB-C charging2. Ability to rewind  the
trackInitial thoughts:Nice packaging without too much excess waste. It came with
USB-A to USB-C charging cord. Connecting the speaker to your phone is easy.
Pairing a second phone, you just need to pretty the bluetooth signal, wait for
the light to flash can begin your pair process. Sound is loud and clear in my
living room - I got about 20ft away and the speaker was able fill the space. It
did get a little muddled when I cranked it up to 100% but I'm not sure of any
speaker that doesn't do that - it could possibly get better over time when the
speaker breaks in.  I haven't tested the battery life yet but will update this
review when I do. I also haven't dunked it underwater though I don't really have
any plans to have it around a lot of water, possibly the wettest it will get is
if I spill coffee or water on it on my desk.One big surprise is how heavy this
sucker is. I'm not sure if it's the battery or the internals for the speaker but
it's heavier than you'd think it is. It's still a very portal speaker and I
wouldn't say the weight should deter you more of it was a bit of a surprise. I
think it would have been a nice touch to get a 3.5mm to 3.5mm cord included  but
for the price, I think it's ok.So far, I'm very happy with the product.**Edit 1I
used this on a trip and it filled up the room. The battery lasted about 8hrs on
consecutively which is exactly what I was looking for. I docked it one star
because even though it's usb-c it doesn't support PD and I, luckily, had spare
charger that was a usb-a to usb-c which I had to use to charge. I came home and
try to charge the speaker with 2 other usb-c PD chargers and none of them work.
I'll give one more update after I try some conference calls.
    This is such a nice speaker! Exceeded my expectations. I was only looking
for another speaker to put in my car, so I was planning to buy another Soundcore
I since it’s also such a quality for the price. But then I’ve seen this new one
at much cheaper price tag, yet I’m not that confident since it’s relatively new
(I believe) with no reviews. But I’m already familiar with the brand and heard
good things on their speakers- mostly on Maxsound plus, so I hit checkout. Lol.
In comparison with the Soundcore I, this one definitely sounds better. The
soundcore I sounded flat beside this speaker. Holding the two speakers at the
same time on max volume will make you feel the difference in power and bass. The
clarity is also still there on max! I even compared it to my beloved Flip 4 and
it can challenge my beloved baby, which I’m trying hard to accept. Though not
all the time! Lol. The only problem I’ve experienced was that it kind of
slightly heated during testing while charging, warm but not hot or alarming. Oh
and yes, this is waterproof- which I also tried. Lol
    I was searching the market for a new portable speaker and chose this speaker
over other. Loud and very compact. Has a nice suede feel to it and has a very
sturdy built.
    We enjoy listening to music outdoors, but our WiFi signal doesn't reach too
far outside our home. I almost bought their older version of this device that
"only" reaches 66 ft. This one is farther-reaching, plus less expensive! Now
Alexa can join us in the garden. The sound is great (I am no audiophile,
though). We also wanted something to hook up to our outdoor movie projector for
better and louder sound. It works and pairs perfectly with everything we've
tried so far!
    Though it weighs just under a pound (under half a Kilo) it puts out good
sound and you can have music you never thought of having it before and if it
gets wet in a creek no problem .I have a friend who kayaks in our (Oregon)
beautiful rivers mostly it would seem like "oh you shouldn't be playing music in
the forest" but in a river or creek I found it easy to become sunburst just
grooving on some music the sun a real surprise in fact I have 3 Tribit speakers
each for a different setting and 2 of these give you a nice stereo sound ,I
haven't figured how they do it but Tribit gets an A from me ,I never would have
thought 2 inexpensive speakers at $42 could sound so good ,I'm used to getting 2
speakers but being able to get one and if I like it I get another so it works
out
    I couldn't decide between the XSound Surf and XSound Go models. This one was
cheaper and had very similar specs. So I tested both next to each other. The
XSound Go is a bit expensive ($9 more) but there was definitely a big difference
in the sound quality. At higher volumes the XSound Go sound much better than the
XSound Surf.For the price the Surf is a pretty decent speaker for the price.
Wouldn't pay more than $20 for it though.
    I bought this piece of garbage on September 19. Did it sound ok? Yeah, what
do you want? It's a speaker. It plays music from your phone a little louder than
your phone. That's all. I played with it for half an hour, turned it off, and
put it on a shelf.Well, today, it started turning on and off every few seconds,
every time making a very loud sound. I figured it needed charging -- but why, if
I had turned it off? -- so I plugged it in (oh, and what a joy, it uses a
special USB cable, not your standard USB; it took me twenty minutes to find the
damn thing). But charging it didn't stop it from turning on and off every few
seconds, every time making a very loud chime.There was no place I could put it
in the office. All my coworkers were giving me the evil eye and like, please
shut your speaker up. Except I couldn't! Then I had a flash of inspiration.
Since I can't return it (how can you mail something that's making noise?), I
figured I would short it out with water. I found a vase in the break room at
work, filled it with water, and put the speaker in. Alas and alack! The damn
thing is waterproof! As heavy as it feels, it floats, and it still turns on and
off under water!What a total rip-off!
    So I'm going to keep this short and to the point. The whole reason I bought
this was because I thought I could use my phones USB type-c charger on it.
Absolutely not the case. Must be that it sends too much voltage because it's a
rapid charger. I have a Pixel 3A XL phone and the charger does not work with it.
When I plug it in the charge light will not come on. If I plug it into a old
charger the charge light comes on no problem. I'm highly disappointed because
now I'm still going to have to carry around an extra charger. Other than that
the speaker seems to be top notch. No complaints other than that so far. Nice
heavy construction, but I figure there's probably many people that are thinking
the same thing that I thought.  So very likely if you have a modern charger it
will likely not work. Hope this helps.  Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong,
I'd like to be.Update: I just tried it with a Motorola Turbo Charger and it
works. For what it's worth, I've tried multiple Pixel 3A XL chargers, all to no
avail.
    I bought this because the old micro-usb speaker from tribit was a great
value.  But these days pretty much everything I own charges off of USB-C.
Unfortunately, this does not allow me to pack one less cable in my bag because
it isn't actually up to the USB-C spec.  It charges fine off of any old school
USB-A rectangle charger but all of my USB-C chargers won't work.  The sound is
decent but I'd rather just have a small USB-C to micro-usb adapter than a
separate charger for this thing.
    Item was received quickly from vendor. It's in good condition without any
damage. The sound of the speaker is very good for it's size. The speaker does
not hold a charge very long. I will play some music for an hour or so while I
prepare the food to go out to the grill. The speaker will not last more then 4
hours before it needs charging. I have other brand speakers that will last all
the way until I finish smoking my meats. In case you are wondering, I do not
play the speaker at full volume. It will be around 50%. I'm disappointed as I
really like the sound that comes out. I have fully charged and drained and have
even unplugged it right before going out. Maybe I received one with a short
battery life.Revised 01-21-2021:After full charging and let it run out to empty,
the capacity got way better. I have been enjoying the speaker for a while now. I
decided to order a second speaker as I read it can pair with two of them from
one source. It was easy to set up and it makes a difference. Gives a true left
and right sound. My wife doesn't care much for quality of sound and as long as
the music plays, then it's good enough. Even she said the sound was amazing. I
can't wait for the weekend to grill and play my jams. Would definitely
recommend, you will not be disappointed.
    I compared: * Monster S110* XSound Surf* Oontz Angle 3 Ultra* XSound Go*
SoundCore 2Summary is I found the Monster S110 absolutely horrible with
distortion and a harsh tinny sound and no low end whatsoever. The Surf was for
the savings vs. the more expensive ones not a bargain. The Angle 3 had an
annoying boomy nature to the attempt at bass (although for some music this was
OK). The XSound Go was close to the SoundCore 2 and from some songs better, but
overall the SoundCore 2 was my favorite. Those two were much better than the
others (unless you like the Angle 3 style of boomy bass).The Go was more compact
that the SoundCore with a wrist strap, but the buttons were a bother to press
vs. the SoundCore. I did not try two in stereo. I only had one of each.I stopped
comparing the Monster for songs as it was so bad on every single thing I tried.
I also stopped compared the Surf when it was clear it was not worth the savings
over the Go.Here are my feelings on a variety of songs.======= Lord Randall /
Steeleye SpanMonster S110 naXSound Surf naOontz Angle 3 Ultra naXSound Go vs.
SoundCore 2XSound Go better here with richer and deeper overall as well as more
clarity and for tiny speakers "soundstage" ======= Little Sir Hugh / Steeleye
SpanMonster S110 naXSound Surf naOontz Angle 3 Ultra naXSound Go vs. SoundCore
2Here the XSound Go sounds a great deal more rich and natural while the
SoundCore 2 is more hollow and harsh with worse separation======= The Highwayman
/ Loreena MMonster S110 Bad in the usual way sibilant and shallow and
harshXSound GoBetter than Surf, but not quite as good as SoundCore 2 but they
are very closeXSound SurfAs usual, decent but XSound Go is better. A little
closed sounding as well.SoundCore 2Best as it beats XSound Go by a bit overall
but very closeOontz Angle 3 UltraSame problem as always - too much attempt to
add bass which then works its way into everything======= The Dutchman / Liam
ClancyMonster S110 Bad as usual - harsh and tinny and badXSound Go 2nd BEST
Close to SoundCore 2 but a bit more hollow and nasalXSound Surf A bit hollow
with some sibilance as wellSoundCore 2 BEST A little bit pinched and nasal, but
acceptableOontz Angle 3 Ultra As usual, the murky bass effect overlays most
everything in a bad way enough to make it a loser======= How Fortunate the Man
with None / DCDMonster S110 naXSound Go Quite a bit more hollow than SoundCore
2, better than Surf XSound Surf Catches sibilance and roughness but without the
feeling of detailSoundCore 2 BEST Better than Surf more natural and cleanHear
the chimes or whatever they are in the first 30 seconds the best Clearly best of
all on this songOontz Angle 3 Ultra Again, not clear and detailed with the
overlay of the bass "resonance chamber"======= The Wind that Shakes the Barley /
DCDMonster S110 Tinny and harsh with not good vocals and no bassXSound Go vs.
SoundCore 2 more detailed and hear more of the echo of the space where the
singer is singing but vocals a little bit less rich and mellowXSound Surf vs. Go
and SoundCore 2 vocals are also nice but the breath is put very forcefully and
un-naturally in the foreground on SurfSoundCore 2 Very rich vocals and breath
sounds apparent as wellOontz Angle 3 Ultra Here bass effect does not wreck it,
sounds good===== Cats in the Cradle / Harry ChapinMonster S110 Very tinny and
harsh compared to both XSounds and sibilant and at higher volume gets ever more
tinny and harsh and sibilant and hissyXSound Go Best vocals most naturalGets
worse in quality at higher volumes but somewhat tolerable and tries to make bass
Buttons hard to press properlyXSound SurfLike Go but a bit more nasal Higher
volumes get hollow without any real bass (Go makes an effort at bass)SoundCore 2
At low volumes harsher and more tinny than SoundGo on this song.Higher volumes
is much better than XSoundsNo real bass as is tiny, but does not degrade at
higher volume nearly as much as Go.Oontz Angle 3 Ultra Different but as nice as
XSounds but at anything but low volumes murky muddy bass wrecks it.Higher
volumes the bass effect takes over even more and wrecks it ever more.
    I have both this Surf model and the XSound Go. I like them both. Lately
though I find I'm listening to the Surf more. It has a more focused stereo sound
and better bass.  Plus it can be paired with another Surf for a true stereo
sound. It's a very nice and cheap bluetooth speaker. Much better than my little
JBL clip.
    Actually quite happy with the sound and battery life given the cost!Sure,
don't expect more than what is to be expected of a $20 something speaker...
well, this one does perform very well and the most important part is the fast
powe on/off and fast connection to phone.I had tried other speakers...some will
take up to 30 seconds to fully boot up, link up, pair up and then working.  This
one..wow..  a quick press on the power button it takes 3-5 seconds to fully boot
up and link up to the phone.  That's it.  For all intents and purposes... that's
practically instantaneous for a small handheld device of this price range.The
volume is significant for the size of the speaker...  base too.  I just want to
report that the sound, crispness, base depth, and volume projection was above
the expectations.  I wasn't expecting much so this speaker blew me away.  No
pun...or yes pun intended.I am not able to test how waterproof it is..  I
splashed some water on it while showering because I took the thing to shower
with me.  I didn't want to soak it... I just want it near.  And some watet got
splashed on it but zero impact to the device operation and function.Anyway..
all things considered,  very good buy!
    This is strictly for my case.I got this to use as a computer speaker and one
function turned out to be a minor annoyance.It has an auto off (The speaker will
power off automatically when the Bluetooth disconnected AND the aux unplugged at
the same time for about 30 minutes.)When the computer is off, the speaker also
goes into power-off mode.When I turn the computer on... it does not
automatically turn on and connects to it. I have to press the power button again
to turn it on.The auto power-off function is good to have (definitely) if you
use it originally intended; a portable speaker that you can take everywhere.But
I wish I could turn it off for my need.By the way, Oontz automatically wakes up
(or never goes to sleep when connected to a power source).A good speaker, decent
sound for the price but it just is not for me.FYI, 4 stars has nothing to do
with my issue. It's good but not 5-star good.
    This is a great little speaker that can put out some serious sound for it's
size. Love that it uses usb-c charging. Only issue is it will not accept usb-c
to usb-c fast charging which is fine but just know that you need to use usb-a to
usb-c cable. For the price you can't go wrong!
    The description says "uses the latest USB-C charging port for wider
compatibility". No true!  It has a USB C connector, but won't charge from USB C
chargers as they come in modern phones or laptops. Instead they provide a USB C
to old USB A cable adapter, so you can connect to classic old 5V chargers. The
new chargers with USB C  need to identify a true USB C device before even
putting power out. This is inconvenient because you must keep these old cables
and chargers along with your new devices.Other than that that sounds very decent
for the price. But bothers me is that hey explicitly lie about this, and then
you for sure will find is incompatible with whatever new USB C charger in the
most inconvenient time when you don't have the old cable adapter around.*update:
Customer service contacted me and they offered me a better model free with micro
USB that makes wider use of current USB cables and adapters. Great CS and
upgrading my review to 5*
    I bought this to have a little speaker for background music while I work a
part time job in a 8' x 8' office. This little guy easily fills the room and
would probably be able to tackle a much larger area. You aren't going to blast
out a pool party with this speaker, but it would easily fill in some tunes with
a small gathering around a campfire.One drawback to small speakers like this is
trying to get some bass out of it. Put it on a bookshelf in a corner and you'll
improve the performance. If you place it out in the open and try to push the
volume the bass will get a little flatulent sounding. Keep it dialed back and
you should be fine. Good value!
    I bought this for around $20 b/c I wanted another Bluetooth speaker so I
don't have to go from different device to device with my Bugani M99. The bass is
good and the sound clarity is crisp on Tribit XSound Surf. My one complaint with
the speaker is the battery life, it lasts only 7 hours. However I do like that
it shuts off after 15 minutes when it's not being used. When the battery is low
you'll hear a voice say "battery low" and will say that 3 times before it shuts
off. Overall I am happy with this purchase.
    Bought 2 based on Amazon reviews for use in bedroom.  I've given them some
break-in time and have to acknowledge buying them was a mistake.  If you listen
to music with dynamic range or vocals, please look elsewhere.  The overboosted
bass creates a very muddy sound.  Vocals become a background sound instead of
being "up front.". I tried various types of music...classical, rock, jazz, and
blues, the only tracks that are half way decent are low frequency pieces without
vocals.  Both speakers sound the same to my ear individually and do not improve
with stereo pairing.  The price was inexpensive so it's not really worthwhile
for me to make a 60 mile round trip to return them via UPS.  Save your money and
look elsewhere for portable bluetooth speakers.  These disappoint.
    I got this speaker due to the ratings I read on it, and after my laptop
speaker had gone out.It is a good speaker with nice sound at all volume levels.
It is capable of some nice high volume without much distortion.My only negative
is the charging port.  After charging it once, the thin strip of metal inside
the port broke in half.  While it is still possible to charge it, it takes a lot
of wiggling it around to get the metal piece to fit correctly into the cord.  I
am sure half of the piece will fall out eventually, rendering the speaker
useless.I thought it was a great price for a speaker rated so well, now I guess
I know where the corners were cut.
    Great value, fast shipping, fast charge, and the sound quality is pretty
amazing for it to be so small.Couldn't give it 5 stars because although it
sounds good because you have to keep your phone very close to it within 1-2
feet.  You can't take it to another room or even extend your arm away from it
with your phone in your hand because the sound completely stops until you put it
closer.I've already had it replaced, so I'm just completely returning it.  I
can't be the only one experiencing this, so now I think these great reviews must
be friends and family of the company or something.  It's a lot of dishonesty
even in the description.  Very sad.I was just trying to replace an old bluetooth
speaker I have from another company, but it actually still works so I'll just
use it until I find the right one.
    I'm surprised I saw so many good reviews on the sound quality. Mine did
sound well on high volume, without distortions or noises, however it sounded as
if came with an internal equalization that gives less favor to medium and low
frequencies, like voice, guitar and keyboard. So I tried to listen to rock and
heavy metal orchestrated and it had too much brightness and  emphasis on the
drums cymbals sounds. I have a Novasat speaker on the same price range that
sounded better, although it recently started to show some beep issues after 2 or
3 years of use, perhaps due to the battery life.PROSVery nice designButtons can
be "sensed" in the dark (touch)No distortions in the soundPriceEasy to connect
to iPhoneCONSSound preset equalization (ok sound)Very small charging cableIt
makes a noise every time it turns on/off or connects/disconnects to bluetooth
    I bought this for a beach day and left the speaker to charge overnight the
day before. It worked great for about four hours, then just kept turning itself
off and on. I thought maybe the battery life was just A LOT shorter than I
anticipated, but no red or blue light comes on to indicate it’s charging when
plugged in and it won’t play music even if I have it plugged in. It will
however, tell me the battery is low or turn itself off and on repeatedly without
my pressing anything and randomly flash red and blue lights just because. So
annoyed.
    I have the tribit max sound and stormbox. Tried the surf because of sale
price. Immediately bought a 2nd for the true stereo pairing.  I have several
Bluetooth speakers and nothing comes close to Tribit sound, quality and value.
The surf for its size is truly amazing. Stereo mode is icing on the cake. Don't
really care if you purchase this product. Just giving Tribit the credit its due.
    This is a gift for a friend who is challenged.  He tends to jam charging
cords into devices if they don't go in right, so normal USB connectors are
completely destroyed since they have a specific orientation.  With USB-C, there
is no orientation so this should be perfect.  I can't review battery life since
I am not keeping it, but I tried it out and the sound quality is pretty decent
for something at this price.  Good response across the range with enough bass to
be relevant.  Gets a bit of distortion at higher volume but it's not necessarily
a high fidelity item anyway!
    I've only ever bought one bluetooth speaker before this one, and that one
was a main brand clip speaker. I bought this one for the garage so my hubby
could play music of choice from his phone instead of always listening to his
radio. The quality and volume was surprising for the little speaker!  It was
heavier than expected, and I don't know if that has to do with more quality
parts. Battery life was as expected, nothing to write home about. I like what
I've read about the brand in general, and may check out more of their products
because I am def a fan of this speaker. Was worth it, would purchase again.
    Even my husband was impressed with the sound quality of these small
speakers. We recently upgraded with an Onkyo system with Polk speakers, so he
tends to be a sound critic. LOL.  I purchased 4 speakers so my two daughters
could listen to decent stereo sound in their apartments instead of with earbuds
or the tiny phone speakers.  Absolutely a great value!  Can’t comment on battery
life because I’m gifting them. I found that top volume was adequate, but not as
loud as I‘d like when listening to “Free Bird”, but that may be a good thing for
thin apartment walls.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      My order arrived on time.
It was in very good condition.I put it on to charge right away, it was fully
charged inone hour. I read the directions ( always a good thing) I turned it on
and paired it with my Echo show 8. It took about 25 seconds.Wow!!! The sound
from this little powerhouse did not disappoint! I am going to get a few more, to
make my entire apartment stereo. And a few I will give for Christmas gifts. I am
not sure about battery life yetI will update this review in three weeks.Until
then I give this punchy speaker 4 stars.
    I think this is a great speaker for what I use it for. I like some music
while sitting around the pool or working in the garage. I can't find stations
that I like on the radio. I hook up to Pandora type sites and get the music I
want. I didn't realize that this speaker has 2 speakers in it and plays in
stereo. Aerosmith probably doesn't use them but they are a nice speaker for
lower volumes.
    Sounds amazing. Way better than the xsound go.  Definitely not a bass
thumper but very well balanced highs, mids, and lows. If you're wanting to bump
bass this might be for you. But if you're looking for clarity and balanced sound
I highly recommend it.
    I am in love! This speaker was smaller than expected, louder and clearer
than expected, and soooooo easy to link with my phone.Sound is great - good loud
volume (outside music), good low volume (Moshi kids sleep app sounded
great!).Finish is lovely - nice soft touch.Linking could NOT be easier -
literally turned it on, opened my Bluetooth settings on my phone, tapped the
speaker on my phone's list, and done.Packaging was minimal and easy to open. All
recyclable, which is definitely a plus and a thoughtful decision by the company.
    Sometimes something inexpensive exceeds your expectations. With this item
that wouldn't be the case. The sound is CHEAP, tinty and lack dynamics. Remember
the old transistor AM radios with that little speaker, well this isn't far from
that LITTLE sound. I purchased based on reviews and was so disappointed. Don't
waste your time, just an inexpensive lousy sounding speaker!
    OK, let me explain why I gave a "fair" rating. The sound is good, BUT I
don't like the way the volume works. The volume MUST be handled on the speaker
itself.  I had an other speaker, where I put the speaker volume on 100% and if I
would like to lower the sound volume, I do this on my laptop.This one, even if
the speaker volume is 100% and I want to lower it...I need to press it on the
speaker itself.* UPdate, I changed the rating to 5 stars, due to a super
customer service.
    I am on the road a lot during the Christmas season. I like good sound from
my Apple iPod and this little speaker is both portable and sounds great. The
battery life is very good, as well. I suggest you get a longer USB cable for it
because the one that it comes with is not long enough for me. I also suggest the
case for it. I was amazed how much big sound comes from such a compact unit. I
have recommended this speaker to all of friends and family.
    I am not on an expert on sound nor have I purchased some of the higher end
Bluetooth speakers, but I love this little speaker.  I don't have an aux cable
in my vehicle and I have used a Bluetooth FM Transmitter that I was just not
happy with.  My alternative was to buy a speaker  and keep it in my car so I
could listen to music streamed from my phone and podcasts.  Well, the music
sounds crisp and the bass sounds low.  I love listening to music on low volume
but I also crank it up with no distortion.  I keep it in a cup holder and when
it gets to low on bass I can hear the vibration, but that is not a knock on the
speaker.  I also enjoy listening to podcasts on the speaker, I have listened on
other speakers and sometimes it sounds to low, but I am surprised how clear it
sounds.  I have even used it in the kitchen as I cook, a gym to play a pick up
game of basketball and outdoors.  It has worked very nicely.
    I just received the second speaker...I was listening to musicand realized
how selfish I was, listening to my favorite songs with two Tribit Surfs, left
channel and right channel.  Two light-weight speakers with awesome sound, an 8"
tablet and internet..I could live in a hollow tree stump and be happy.
    For what you pay, this little speaker is pretty great. I’ve only had it for
a couple of days, so I can’t comment on the battery, but the sound is very good
and the volume is more than adequate for my garage.The bass on this thing packs
quite a punch. Maybe too much of a punch, but finding the right equalizer
settings in Spotify will probably help.I’ll probably buy a couple more of these
to keep in different parts of the house. So far, great value.
    I have other similar bt speakers and so far this small beast has the best
sound quality of all.Deeper bass, clearer medium and high range.Battery life is
great, I keep forgetting to charge it because I go multiple days without needing
to recharge it.My typical use is a couple of hours per day, sometimes not using
it for a couple of days, then using it again.for the price you can't go wrong.
    I was surprised with this speaker today as it seems to be well made and it
has a pretty good quality sound for a little box. Pairs to my phone very easy
and it can get loud for a room. I was comparing tribit to other brands with
similar price and it seems that this one is a good value.
    Sound quality is great. Bass is nice and deep for a unit so small. Has
enough power to motivate a decent boogie gathering in any bedroom or medium
sized room. Does get loud but not obnoxious! I've noticed no distortion at
higher volumes. Excellent value for the price! This little speaker is dope and
small enough to stash in a jacket pocket and go! I may get another and create
some cheap bluetooth surround sound!
    Oh boy, this speaker can get loud, not just loud but without loosing sound
quality or bass. It's small, sleak but feels solid, sturdy and bit bulky for its
size. Battery life is good but can't confirm on 10 hours battery life, for me it
lasted abt 6-7 hours on different volume levels. USB type C charging is plus to
me. Connects fast and did not notice any lag or drop in sound quality while
connected from approx 50ft distance.
    For something the size of a pencil pouch, this speaker is AMAZING!  it
produces deep base that is on par with much more expensive speakers of this
class.  I have this in my office and it fills the room with perfect sound.  The
bluetooth pairing is extremely easy.  I did pair it with an iPod instead of my
phone. When I paired it with my phone, the music cut out every time I received a
text.  I agree with other reviewers that this speaker gives you great bang for
your buck!
    Pros: Slim & compact, sounds great for its size even at max volume), USB-C
charging, aux-in jack, durable, price, IPX7 rating, party mode, BT 5.0Cons: No
battery level indicator, charging door is difficult to open (I need to pry it
open with something, like a key), no 3D sound.Battery life is around 5 hours at
max volume in my testing, neither a pro or con... given its cost & size. It's
fine for my daily use, but I wish it lasts a little longer.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Don't judge this speaker by
its size. It's about the size of a 12oz purell bottle. But the sounds is of a
much bigger speaker. It is a bit heavy on the bass but in a good way. Because of
the size and long battery life it is now my go to speaker for everything. We use
it indoors, in the backyard and take it on bicycle rides around the
neighborhood. Awesome buy.
    For a small speaker it has good sound quality, especially for the price. I
have a small quibble that there is no way to keep it from falling asleep when
not in constant use. Yes, that improved me battery life, but I use it in
presentations where it might be a few minutes between songs. It makes a sound
turning off and another turning on, which is unfortunate. Otherwise, a great
portable speaker.
    I'm not an expert at sound, so I couldn't tell you if the sound balance was
off or anything, but I have really enjoyed this little speaker. Connecting to
bluetooth was super fast and easy, and the battery lasts a long time (6+ hours
at least). I'm very pleased with this! One thing I do wish was that it didn't
have the brand name right on the front, but that isn't that big of a deal with
regard to functionality.
    Having other brands of small speakers, I was excited to try these because of
the ability to pair them to make "stereo" speakers.  The sound quality is best
described as "blah", not crisp like higher priced speakers I have.  For roughly
$20.00 each, I bought 2 and will probably just use them camping or such.  Not
the sound quality I want in my office for listening all the time.
    It funny hoebi ended up with this one, because I thought I was ordering the
larger Tribit and I got this XSOUND, oh boy this thing pack a punch. Compact,
big volume and clarity is unbelievable.
    19 Sep 2020Excellent speaker for the money. I am very happy with it and it
was super easy to connect. The external buttons makes adjusting the volume and
switching songs a snap when your phone is in your pocket or your hands are
dirty.  I used my Amazon flex with this and turned it into a smart speaker for
my garage. It now functions like a smart speaker at half the price.
    Not happy with it. Battery only last about two hours and it overheats and
shuts down if played at full volume.
    I was looking for an inexpensive waterproof bluetooth speaker for an
upcoming fishing trip to Alaska and with the Amazon coupon and free Prime
shipping, this was less than $20.  First impressions is this is NOT a $20
speaker.  Great sound and volume, super easy setup, compact yet has some weight.
Haven't checked the waterproof feature but I'm sure it will survive some rain
while we're fishing on the boat!
    I like the fact that you can play while charging something my JBL Flip 4
cannot. Given the fact that the Flip's battery goes bad rather quickly, and it
eats replacements as well, this is a much better solution. Not quite as loud as
the Flip 4, but a battery powered speaker that eats its battery and makes you
wait hours to recharge has a decibel output of ZERO.
    I love these little guys, they are solid, sound very good, plenty of volume
for our boat and the price is right. If you want more bass you can move up to
the max Now, I needed universal speaker holders for the Tribit but could not
find any. I found an inexpensive cup holder on Amazon that works great and they
are flexible. They are the Accmor stroller cup holder.
    I was looking for a new speaker because all the others kept dying on me
after mild use. A cousin had a Tribit speaker for poolside and it was an awesome
speaker.This made me look for Tribit on Amazon and I found this one and snapped
it up. Great sound, longer battery life than many others I have had and it is
water proof. Price point was great especially when you consider the quality of
the speaker.I liked it so much I went out and bought Tribit headphones. Same
awesome quality and battery life. they are also water proof for outdoor use.I
won't buy another brand name.
    This product looks very cool. Setting is super easy. Just press the
bluetooth button and pair it from your iphone, that's it.  The speaker is very
stylish,  not very big in size, very light, but it has "rich" sound.  The bass
sound is ok too.  Overall, I am very happy with this product.  Given this price,
I don't think you can find anything better than this speaker!
    I bought this unit back in Oct to use while I'm working in my basement or
outside on a project. It works great, has good sound for the money...however, it
developed a really annoying issue. It will randomly turn itself on and off
without touching any buttons or anything paired with it. I heard the speaker
turning on and trying to pair itself, and then turning off.  I went into the
room and you see the power button light up, the pairing sound, then turn off.
This will go on for 15-20 min at a time at completely random
times.Unfortunately, there's no battery to remove to turn the damn thing off for
good and stop this from happening. I guess it'll be doing its thing in the
landfill until the battery finally dies.
    Wow! I went from looking at a Bose to this and decided to give this brand a
try and I’m sure glad I did. For a fraction of the price, this speaker is
exactly what I need. Maybe this won’t be for everyone, but if you’re like me and
only need this to use while cleaning and enjoying some music or with a projector
for movie nights, this is the speaker for you!
    Easily Bluetooth paired with my Samsung phone. The sound is more than
satisfactory from such a small device. I’m trying to be an environmentally
conscientious consumer and wish the manufacturer made the speaker with a battery
that could be replaced by the owner or had a recycling program. Mine came with a
usb cable for charging, but, no wall charger included.
    This speaker connects very quickly to my iPhone, but it also tweeks the
volume up when it connects. It starts playing VERY loudly, so recommend you
check the volume first. also the speaker will disconnect by itself and turn
itself off if you stop playing for more than a few minutes. This is very
annoying hence the three stars.
    The clarity of sound at both the high and low end of this little speaker is
truly amazing. Additionally, you can really crank up the volume and not get the
heavy distortion you might expect. It can really fill the room with great sound.
If you are looking for a small speaker that really delivers, this one does on
many levels.
    This is a nice portable speaker which you can use at home as well as carry
with you while outside. The bluetooth connectivity is excellent and sound
quality is amazing. It can go pretty loud as well in case you need. The battery
life I am getting is 4-4.5 hours which is good.My only gripe with this is its
AUX connectivity. While connected to the aux input it gives a load feedback.  I
tried connecting it to my pc, iphone and as well as ipad but the feedback is
still there. The feedback becomes unbearable at some point. As my main usage for
this is for my pc so I will be returning this but its an excellent choice if
your usage is limited to bluetooth only.
    Tribit XSound Surf was just what I needed. My new laptop has weak speakers.
Plus I'm a bit hard of hearing. This speaker bridges the void. Sounds nice and
is plenty loud enough to cover my computers audio inadequacy. Easy to connect
but you'll likely need a magnifying glass to read the instruction manual.
    My laptop PC speakers aren't loud enough for some Youtube videos even when
the volume is turned fully up.  The Tribit speaker solves this problem.  I'm not
looking for studio quality sound, just something to help increase the volume.
The Tribit connects easily with my PC via Bluetooth, charges through my PC USB
port, and for its compact size has a heavy, well-built feel.  It's too early to
know how long the battery will run before recharging.  The sound is more full
than the PC speakers, so I rate that highly for the cost of the external
speaker.
    I have another wireless speaker that I bought awhile back and wanted to get
another one,  but the price had increased so I saw this on Amazon for $25.  It
doesn't have the high volume like the first one I bought but it has a nice base
sound that I really like, so I decided to keep it to play indoors. With my cel
phone.
    POOR QUALITY - NEVER TOOK OUT OF THE HOUSE AND STOPPED HOLDING A CHARGE AND
THEN JUSTS STOPPED WORKING - VERY DISAPPOINTED - DON'T WASTE YOUR $$
    I did not expect a low end Bluetooth speaker costing $20 (granted, it is
discounted) can perform so well. This small speaker has very good bass, better
than several low end Bluetooth speakers I had owned in the past, and pretty much
on par with the much more expensive Bose Soundlink Mini that I bought 3 years
ago. The main shortcoming of the sound is that it rolls off in the high
frequencies fairly early so music sounds a bit dark. Depending on the music you
play, this could be a problem. It seems very well made and the battery life is
decent but not great. I had not tried the waterproof capability but that is a
welcome feature.
    Very good speaker for the priceJust enough lows to not sound flat. The audio
is clear. bluetooth works flawlessly and great range.USB - C is a plus!The bad:I
wish the buttons were a different color as it is hard to the symbols in certain
lightings
    This is one powerful sound box. It’s small, lightweight and easy to carry
around from room to room when desired. I haven’t turned it up all the way but it
has great sound quality and is loud. It was easy to synch up and arrived
promptly. And, all that with a fantastic price!
    I had read a review that stated there was no next track or previous.
WRONG!!!!! Double click the Play button for Next and triple click for Previous.
This is a great product. It's small but does it pack an incredible sound. I'm
thinking of buying another one so I can link them for true stereo sound.
    last speaker i got off amazon i only spent $9 and it lasted for about a year
and a half...spent a little more for this one and i must say i am in love with
it.
    This is literally the most crappy item I’ve received from Amazon in years.
Don’t do it. It looks so pretty and makes pretty bleeps sounds but doesn’t play
any music for more than 1.5 seconds. It shuts off immediately after I turn it on
even after it being plugged in for a while. I’m astounded that other reviews
were so positive. It’s complete garbage.
    Seriously. I have a Bose Mini Soundlink.This. Is. Fabulous.Great bass.
Clear upper. I freaking love it.  And so does my 92 year old mama,  who has a
$$$$ Bose house system.I honestly thought it would just be...ok. But it's SO
much more.
    I bought this speaker for online meetings and for streaming facebook live
sessions.  It is easy to use, a nice size, surprisingly good battery life, and
decent sound reproduction for voice.  I haven't tried it for music.  It is a
great value for the price.
    I purchased one, and I was well pleased with the sound quality for it to be
such a small device. Once I read in the Q&A that you could pair them I grabbled
another one, and it I must say it sounds like a mini concert in my office. My
wife wants some now for her she shed to enjoy her private space. I have higher
end speakers, but these are great for those on a budget.
    Very bass heavy - hardly any high end. When I use this the volume controls
on my laptop are automatically disabled so I have to use the volume controls on
the speaker. Very annoying although not sure if the problem is with the speaker
itself.
    This is my 2nd purchase of Tribit BT speaker. This recent one has wonderful
sound quality. Bluetooth connection is very quick and automatic via my Pixel 4A
phone. I really like the USB C charging, same as my cellphone. Highly
recommended. Very reasonable price.
    A mobile speaker for listening to podcasts in the shower! Bluetooth
connection easier than my more expensive Bose speaker. Sound is a bit “tinny”
for music and base is overdone but... it’s much better than other cheap mobile
speakers I’ve owned. Took outside and it’s nice and loud for listening to music.
Again, a great speaker for the price. May give them as Christmas gifts this
year!
    The speaker gets loud. The bass is loud but very distorted. The high and
mid-frequency are very limited to the point that it cuts off notes in the music
on the top end. The mid-frequency has the same issue. The build quality on the
exterior seems good but I question how well the internal components would hold
up in a drop. The outer shell is coated in a rubber finish that adds a nice
grip/feel but picks up dust that results in a chalky look, though it's easy
enough to clean with a damp cloth. Overall for the price it's ok but I wish they
had put a better audio chip/speaker in the unit. I'd recommend spending a bit
more for the next model up.
    Exactly what I was looking for at un unbelievable price. I bought it to play
a little music while I garden.  The only reason I gave it four stars is because
when the volume is super low I hear lots of base.  However, if I turn it up a
little more the sound evens itself out.
    I've been using these for the past couple of days to enjoy the hot and sunny
days by the pool. Overall great build quality and feels very sturdy. Charge
holds for a decent while and charges fast with the USB C cable it comes with.
Sounds great and crisp, but is lacking a little bit on the base side. Great
potable speaker and excellent prive/value!
    This speaker sounds great for the size and the price. I was surprised at how
small it is, smaller than it looked in the product photo. Yet it still packs a
sonic punch. Plus it's even waterproof! This is a great portable speaker to take
anywhere to play music from your phone.
    This speaker connected to an ipad quickly and without any problems. I was
surprised by the sound quality; I had a highly rated speaker from another
manufacturer and this was hands down superior in audio performance. Great choice
for the under $50 group available!
    Love it, purchased because my laptop speakers suck. But use it on my phone
while working out because "wham: wont play itself.Pro'sLoudClearBass80s
popConsRap and Rock from the 80s
    I have been using Anker soundcore and need another one for my home office.
This one is as good as Anker soundcore, with lower price. Very satisfied with
this purchase.Update: the battery life is in the ball park of 4,5 hours. Knocked
off 1 star.
    I like to listen to radio programs from around the world.  This little
speaker sounds decent and has good volume control.  It also has a C USB port.
The Bluetooth function pairs with my android phone quickly.
    I bought these to use as speakers for my old laptop that can’t connect via
Bluetooth so I only use them with an aux cable. The battery lasts *3* hours and
that’s all! 3 measly hours after a full charge! The sound quality is so so.
Also, the charging cord that comes with it is all of 18” long.
    Overall, a great speaker for the price. It is tuned for heavy bass, so if
you like music that has more high and mid-range, this speaker will sound muddy.
Unlike most speakers in this price range, however, this one charges via USB-C.
    My apartment is not huge but I had this speaker on in the kitchen and
passing the hallway I was cleaning the bathroom and still was able to clearly
listen to the music well with good quality.I didn't put the volume the highest.
It's not just about the loudness from this small speaker but also the clearness!
I love it! :D
    I bought this speaker as a gift and apparently within some indeterminate
amount of time, the charger ceased to function. I guessed that maybe a contact
between the charging port and the circuit board came loose or something. Either
way, I don't have the expertise to take this device apart and put it back
together again. I suggest you use it daily until the return period expires to
make sure that it can handle rigorous use. Otherwise it functioned properly,
save the malfunctioning charger. Maybe I got a defective unit, who knows.
    Wow! This thing sounds better than I expected. Great value. Looks and feels
sturdy and well-made too. I like it so much I bought another to pair them in
stereo mode. Then I bought a couple as gifts!
    Sound quality is good.  Not tinny.  I have owned another brand that had more
bass - but it cost three times as much so this one is a bargain.  I would buy
this again due to affordability.
    Have been very impressed with the sound quality of such a small speaker.
The sound is very rich and full. It’s a perfect size for my desk.  The spreader
is a great value and would definitely buy again.
    Pleasantly surprised by this little unit.
    If you I don’t want an expensive Bluetooth speaker this would be the one the
sound that comes out of this is pretty good not a whole Lotta vibration or Eco
and this is a great speaker for the price
    NOT Hi fidelity: WAY TOO MUCH BASS!!!Has its OWN "BASTARD" CHARGING WIRE:
CAN ONLY USE IT !!!!
    I like its compact design. Use for picnic. Smooth bass, distortion free
sound so clear sound effects. It has a good battery life. Upto 24hrs continue
uses. Overall good item with reasonable price.
    It has a great and easy link up to my iPad and gives great sound. The plus
is it that it can handle the moisture. Buttons on top are easy enough to
understand and use.
    Small wireless speaker than can be stupidly loud.Best use is for some
background music.Fast Bluetooth connection.Build quality is there for sure.Got
four little vibrations absorber that helps the sound and stabilized the speaker.
    Having two of these would be optimal. With one, its good for the money. One
thing I'd love about this is if it had an attached string or something to tie or
hook onto wrist/backpack etc.
    I just received my speaker and put it to the test. I needed a speaker that
could run for 3 hours straight. This speaker did not give me any trouble all
night. It ran for the entire evening. The sizes great the price was wonderful
and affordable and overall sounds great. I'm very happy I got the speaker.
    This is awesome. Better than the clever bright I got for twice the price.
Nice sound, bassy, and battery last at least 8 hours. Plus it's so small and
cute.
    Sounds great! But the battery life seems short to me. Would be great for a
party with the bass and clarity of sound but that charge just won't stay
long...hope its a short party!
    Lot of sounds out the box,  great that I can use it with usb-c to charge. I
did not think such a little speaker can make such loud volume. Paired right up
to my phone.
    Sound quality is great and price is amazing. I'm shocked how much better it
is than my previous bluetooth speaker which was actually a little larger. This
is smaller, louder and clearer.  Cannot go wrong for under $25.
    Picks up music, voicemail, phone ringing, etc. Whatever sound the
bluetoothed device plays this little speaker improves it.  so pleased with the
speaker and the price.
    This is a great choice if your priority is to spend as little money as
possible. I am particularly impressed with the bass output from this little guy;
very boomy! Great battery life too.
    I may order another speaker to make it stereo.  I use it with Amazon Prime
music.  The battery lasts about 10 hours but it will charge while using it.
    After having some technical problems with the initial speaker I received,
the seller contacted me and addressed the issue immediately. Highly recommended
for very good customer service
    I love love love this. The sounds is excellent and with the case it travels
great!! I've used it at home, in the yard and at the beach. One of the best
things I bought this year!!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Was looking for a Bluetooth
speaker that I could easily attach to my bike and jam the new Mick Hayes album.
The music sounds great on this speaker.  The sound is full, the bass has a great
punch, and the overall clarity is great!  Love that it has USB C and Bluetooth
5.0. The only downside is a slightly low battery life , but for the price it is
a really good deal and is perfect bicycle speaker!
    It's compact but very powerful. The syncing is fast, I like the noise when
it starts, syncs and turns off. BONUS it has type C charging. The sound is
excellent for its size. The mids n high are good and bass falls perfect. It has
a good weight to it. The buttons are easy to access. Battery life is great. Must
buy if you're looking for a small speaker.
    Sounds really great.Seems like the battery needs to be charged every two
weeks or so but I guess that would depend on usage also
    Nice sound and decent value but the battery life is eaten up very quickly
and has to be recharged frequently if you use them a lot like I do
    I needed to upgrade my shower speaker that served me for 6 years.  Wow!
This $22 speaker is so impressive and i hiope will serve me well for the future.
    The sound quality and volume rivals the $129 Sony SRS-XB2 extra bass
wireless speaker I bought for my wife. The sound coming from this small package
is impressive. At this price point you really can't go wrong.
    The sound isn’t very good when I turn the volume past 3/4 but up to that
point it’s not bad. The price made it worth trying! I’ll be trying some more of
their products.  The fly 2 earbuds are next! They are waterproof and I want to
try them in the hot tub!
    This little speaker is the best! It connects easily to bluetooth and has
amazingly good sound for such a tiny sound bar. Love it!
    I was excited to see a USB-C port on this device as I'm trying to get all my
new devices on one standard. I was very disappointed to find out that it will
only charge with the included USB-A to USB-C cable, and will not charge from
USB-C charger or Mac Mini USB-C port.Sound is decent for the size though.
    Speaker arrived on time and packaged well. Instructions easy to follow.
charged unit before use. Sound is amazing for a small speaker. Blue tooth
connected without issues. Seems to be well constructed and simple controls. Very
pleased with speaker and believe it is excellent value for the money. Sound
quality better than several other bluetooth portable speakers I have used.
    Great value for the money. Good bass for a low price. Got it for a speaker
phone during lockdown and it didn’t disappoint.
    Awesome Bluetooth speakers. Get 2 of them and they easily pair for Left and
Right channels. Great true stereo from a small package.
    This arrived in 1 day!  I connected it to my Kindle Fire and pulled up Prime
music.  I listened to it the rest of the afternoon.  Terrific sound.  I'm
looking forward to cranking it up while I'm on my treadmill.  Perfect and at a
super price too!
    Pretty decent but battery needs charging daily. Pleasant voice tells you
it's time to recharge.
    I love the ease of using this product, and the great sound quality.  It has
a great battery life, and is a fantastic value for the price.
    Very good sound quality and battery life is good. Only drawback is mic
sensitivity is less. So you should have it close to you if you want to use as
handsfree. But as a bluetooth speaker it is great.
    Bought a pair of these for stereo playback. In a word...awesome.Had a low
battery twice already, hence the 4 stars. Otherwise great little speakers. Solid
sound, no boxy or rattling sounds.Easy to connect BT. Good job Tribit!
    Fantastic price, good sound quality, easy set up, easy connection and it’s
water proof! The battery lasts for days without needing a charge! It’s amazing!
    Very good sound and bluetooth 5 are nice features to me, battery life per
charging can be improved for longer hrs of playing.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I bought this so I can take
with me when I’m doing outside activities. It sounds ok and can fit in my
backpack but Does not work with all USB-C chargers. The cord that came with it
is short and pretty much useless. I will probably return it. I don’t feel like
buying multiple chargers to see which one the speaker likes. I rather just spend
that extra money on a better speaker
    Very good sound for podcasts, sports talk, and music. Bluetooth is stable at
long distances with no fall out.
    I received it today and I'm still amazed by the overall quality of
materials, design, sound and even the packaging. Only thing I would add to the
box is an ac adapter for the wall, since I had to use the one of my mobile phone
which worked great, but the plugging and unplugging between my phone cable and
the speaker one is going to outwear it faster.
    This is a very nice speaker.  Sound quality is excellent.  Easy to operate.
I purchased it to use by the Swimming Pool.  It's really worth purchasing.  Very
very pleased with this product
    It looses connection for 3-4 seconds very often.Also I could not connect it
to my Windows 7 laptop because of the driver issue.
    A very good value. Sound is good but not quite loud enough if I were to have
guests in a large open space. Still very happy. Great value
    Impressed! Great sound quality coming from this little device, nice deep
bass as well.
    Wife uses this for her yoga sessions and sounds great, without distortion.
Bluetooth range is a plus as well
    Great overall at this price point. Pairing two together for stereo can be
tricky but it works.
    This item is an incredible value links up well with Bluetooth sound quality
is excellent great Adam and quality and price
    I used it for water aerobics. It is louder than the $10 one I bought and the
sound quality is good, but not great.
    As advertised nice sound for low price. Easy Bluetooth Pairing.  Surprising
bass quality
    I was not sure if it would be as I expected. It exceeded my expectations and
the sound and size are perfect. Good value for the price.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      for the price and sound
quality was amazing. actually it’s for my mom and now I’m buying another for
myself. comparing this to my Bose can’t tell the difference except for the price
yes big difference thanks tribit!
    good sound quality. I like to use it when I am cooking, it really a good
company for me
    Priduct is a great vakue and tge quality is superior.  I am using for my
laptop and 4g smart TV
    Smaller than I expected but it works for small spaces
    Impressive volume and bass for such a small speaker.
    Got for my sons birthday so could take to his work. Great sound quality,
nice and compact size he loves it. Flawless connectivity.
    Crazy sound quality, it has more bass for its size than anything i have seen
before,,
    This little speaker has AMAZING sound.  I got it to bring to work with me (I
work in construction), and I am totally impressed.  At home, I can hear this
small speaker from one end of the house to the other, with no distortion.  At
work, I can hear my music over a lot of the other equipment.  Totally impressed.
    For the price I was blown away with the quality and the sound. Great tactile
feel on the buttons. They did not skimp on the craftsmanship.
    I was looking for a speaker that would operate in my shower without me
having to worry about it getting wet. This served my purpose perfectly. Sounds
great!
    Great value, superior sound quality and battery life.
    Love this speaker.great sound and so easy to connect to my phone.. exactly
what I was looking for
    Great sound from a powerful little speaker. Worth the price.
    I’ve been using this speaker for my outdoor workouts. It’s light, portable,
and the sound is surprisingly good! So far I am very happy with this purchase.
Great value for the price!
    Excellent quality for the money
    100% ... Value for moneyOutput more than expected ...Small suggestion to
product(body) designer, the rubber cap that covers charging port and headphone
jack is hard to open(gripless).
    Small box with big sound. We like it!
    Excellent Sound
    Great sound! Great shape!
    I highly recommend this product!!
    The sound quality is really good
    This thing sounds amazing!
    I love these speakers. I bought two to use in stereo mode, my favorite
speakers I’ve bought especially for the money. The battery life isn’t the
greatest in my opinion but they still work while charging so it doesn’t bother
me at all!
    Perfect size. Easy to use.  Great sound.
    Very small speaker and awesome soundness.
    Awesome speaker light durable easy to use plays really well.Very awesome
little gadget!!👍👍
    Easy to setup and works as advertised
    👌
    Works perfectly and sound quality is good! 😁
    Sound worse than iPhone speakers
    After a while the speaker became distorted like it was blown.
    This Bluetooth speaker's is better than I expected. The sound quality is
pretty good and it sounds like a bit larger than its size. The battery lasts a
long enough for my daily use. I'm very happy with it.
    Terrible battery life
    Carry it around the house and live the quality of sound over just an iPhone
or ipad
    Love the sound, easy blue tooth set up. Will buy again!
    Very good BT speaker,nice compact size, excellent construction, excellent
sound, excellent price. Very pleased with this product.
    So happy with this purchase!
    I DID receive my item. I’m very happy with my item, so I don’t see any
reason to receive a refund.
    Love it
    Inexpensive and ok for the price.  Lacks low end and bass vs a JBL flip
speaker.  Really no comparison in sound quality between the two.  But its a nice
little speaker for when I don't want to take my JBL flip somewhere.
    Poor battery life.
    This wireless speaker can be charged over USB-C port, and quite easy to
connect with my iPhone and Macbook using bluetooth. The sound quality is not bad
even I leave it in the bathroom. Hope the battery can last as long as days.
    Great sound quality and good value for the money.
    Is easy to set up and the volume is great to use in a car for Kindle audio
books without having to deal with cables.
    I bought this because it said long lasting battery and great sound. It
doesn't even last 1 hour.....
    great sound for the size.
    Great quality, great sound. Recommended it.
    After couple weeks use, it will no longer sync with pad
    I like it sounds great bass is lit and waterproof
    The sound is Awesome. Bass is better than much more expensive speakers.
    Overall, this is a good speaker. What we don't care for is that you can't
skip songs from the speaker itself.
    Great for the price and the size of the unit.
    As someone trying to limit how many cords I need, USB C was the first
requirement in my shopping.There was no USB C speaker in the same price range.
    There is nothing to dislike. Works great.
    Great speaker for the price!
    Good quality for the price. Works great in house
    The sound is excellent.  I use it to stream XM from my iPhone and it works
great for 4 hours.  I had hoped it would play longer but for the cost it is
worth it.
    EXCELENTE SONIDO, LA BATERIA DURA MUCHO TIEMPO, PRECIO EXCELENTE, TIENE LAS
3 B, BUENO, BONITO Y BARATO.
    Great sound, great price, very happy with this purchase.
    Just blown away with the sound (especially the base) coming from this small
speaker. Looking for a quality replacement and this is more than enough.
Connection is smooth sailing.
    Perfect and good value for the price.
    This little Tribit XSound is incredible! The power of the dual 6W speakers
is not to be believed. Beautiful bass response without buzz, and nice highs.
Simple tones to indicate activation; no talking. And the price...I am thrilled!
    Sound is 10/10!Battery life is just terrible. I get maybe 2hrs at 50%
volume.
    Works just fine.
    como me gusta esos speak
    We bought this solely to use at our pool. The sound is robust and rich. We
really love the longevity of the battery as we’re usually out for 4-6 hours at a
time. For the price, this speaker is absolutely worth it.
    Great sound, even the lows.  Really well made.
    Only used it one night at work, so far, as I got it yesterday. Seems like a
good speaker for the price. Links up with my phone quickly......good enough
sound.
    Great sound , easy bluetooth connection, great price!! Definitely recommend
!!
    Absolutely awesome little speaker! Small and sounds great. Connects fast to
everything I have. The quality of this thing more than meets my standards. Get
one and see. It'll make you smile and head nod😊
    Works really good. Great sound, great for the price.
    Nice little speaker.  Good value.  My only complaint is difficulty in
inserting charger  Also charger wire is ridiculously short.
    Wow it's awesome. Small but sound quality  and bass are incredible 😍
    I use this on my back porch while social distancing with friends, the sound
quality is surprising considering the price. Great battery life and I can listen
to music in the rain, no problem.
    The speaker sucks does not work at all! On for 5 seconds and then shuts done
    Excellent sound, works great, easy to pair up
    This has incredible sound quality for the size and price of the unit. I
would absolutely purchase again.
    This product was perfect.  Exacting what I was looking for.  Sound is
fantastic! Price was right
    Speakers are great for the price, they run circles around other speakers in
this price range/ headphones connect extremely quick and easy
    Use this at work. The sound quality is amazing. Have to keep it plugged in
though because the battery doesn’t last long. Overall I would recommend
    This is a very good speaker for listening to audio eBooks or listening to
music while working around the house. Decent quality at a very reasonable price.
    Surprisingly loud for its size! Works well, paired quickly and easily and
seems durable!
    Like
    I just get this item sound quality good .
    Stereo mode could be easier to achieve
    This speaker was impressive for the price! Would definitely recommend it.
    Fast shipping!! A lot of sound for a small price
    I'm hoping it performs well for my online lectures.
    Great sound for the sizeClear and crisp, decent bassUSB-C charging!!
    Synced to my iPhone X no problem and has a great sound!!!!
    Just for areas where tunes were needed
    Excellent battery life
    Like
    Great Speaker Love It
    Better than the other tribit product I purchased 3 months ago.It is STILL
working.
    Got this for my work office.  I cant attest for high volume, however sounds
very good at low volumes.  I like it.
    Great surprise. Sounds and performs like a speaker that costs 3x the price.
    A nice little speaker I use it for music and my television I don’t care for
the plug-in on the charger it is real wobbly and goes off real easy
    Love this portable speaker.  Worked right out of the box!  Everything was
easy and a great price too.
    Excellent
    Great for the price I bought two
    Excelente calidad muy buen sonido good inversión
    Good speaker, bought two speakers for stereo pairing and working ok.
    There is not enough bass, sounds a little tinny
    Excellent sound and battery life, very recommended.
    Awesome speaker for the value, great sound and long battery life.
    Small but mighty
    I love this speaker. Sound is great. Battery like is ok.
    Sound quality and volume are pretty good for a speaker that is inexpensive.
I am happy with this.
    Muy practico se escucha muy bien y c buen volumen
    Amazing sound in a small package
    Super handy. Good bass and clear overall sound quality.
    Great Item loud great battery life and sounds great too
    They are great!  That’s all I need to say...
    Very happy with price and sound quality.Plus i love the size. Great for gift
    Nice speaker for the great price..
    like everything about it
    Great sound from such a small size speaker
    Excellent
    Awesome sound and battery life is 7 hours!
    Good sound for a small speaker
    Great little speaker, exactly what I needed and expected.
    Excelente
    Great sound!
    like it
    Excelente
    Hate this product!!!
    GOOD SOUND
    Definitely worth the buy....
