    折りたたみ傘としては開いたときに非常に大きくて、大雨でも安心してさすことができます。少し、重いので持ち運ぶにはちょっと大変かもしれませんが、ガッツリ雨が
降ったときでも、普通の傘と同様の防御力を発揮しそうです。さらに、使用後のかさばり方は、普通の傘とは段違いです。電車の中で他の人に迷惑をかけることはありません。折
りたたみ傘の魅力はここだと思うんですよね。使ったあとの電車やバスで、他人に迷惑をかけないことです。ケースもしっかりしていますしね。携帯性は軽量の折りたたみ傘に劣
るのですが、普通の傘よりは持ちやすいので、雨が降る確率が高いときに、家から持って出るのはこの傘のほうが楽だと思います。というわけで、この傘は、突発的な雨の対抗策
として毎日持ち歩くのはきつい。でも、朝の天気予報で確率が高いときにこの傘を使えば、普通の傘より軽くて、普通の折りたたみ傘より大きいいいとこ取りの傘となります。
    以前、リアル店舗で折りたたみ傘購入したのですが男の私には小さすぎて、大きめの折り畳み傘を探していました。サイズが128CMあるので雨をしのぐには充分です
ね。その分通常の折り畳み傘より折りたたんだ時、若干大きめなのですがバッグには収まるので満足しています。あと気にして購入はしていなかったのですが、ワンタッチで開閉
できるのでその点もよかったです。
    自動開閉傘購入しました。思っていたよりしっかりしていました。大きさもグッドです。直径が112cmの超大サイズで、2人でも豪雨でも、体を濡らすことなく、実
用性が抜群です。常に持ち歩いているので少しでも軽いものが良いのですが、自動開閉はやはり重たいですが便利です。丈夫そうです。満足してます。
    雨が降ってきたので傘をさすと、大小3箇所も穴があいていてびっくり！ひどい品質です。使ってしまったので返品は難しいだろうと思いますが、これからは折りたたみ
傘を購入した時は、到着直後に開いて検品しなければならないようですね。
    商品について到着後、まだ雨が降ってないので使用できていませんが思った通りの大きさでした。重量もそれなりで重くもなくです。ひらいた際に、張り付いている感が
して焦りましたがなんとか開閉。室内で証明にかざしたところ、何カ所か明かりがみえるという。回答の箇所を触ってみると、見えなくなった箇所もありますがちょっと一抹の不
安もあります。実際に雨の日に使ってみて、漏れなければ良いかとは思います。あとは耐久性がどこまで持つかは、使ってみないとなんともです。
    開いた大きさや傘を開く動作は文句なしの5つ星です。しかし、少し太いのと、なんといっても重い！そしてワンプッシュで傘を畳んだ後に柄を短くするのですが、その
バネが強すぎて年寄りには向かないと思われます。そのような点からすると、若い男性向きの商品だと思います。よって、星をマイナス1して★4つで。
    totesで検索したら宣伝で出てきて間違って購入。安さと急いでたので思わず　ポチっていってしまいました。totesでは　ないので要注意。私は　なんとか使
えてるので返品はしませんでした。硬いし、重いし、開きにくいし　totesとは比べものにならないくらい　使い勝手が悪いですが、唯一　大雪　大雨のときは　良いです。
丈夫そうなとこは良いですがまだ　あんまり使用していないので今後は分かりません。
    4月末に届いて複数回の使用で６月梅雨入り初日に開かなくなりました。やはりワンタッチ式はだめですね。大きくて気に入っていたのですが、この耐久性では購入は控
えた方が良いと思います。今まで購入した折りたたみ傘では最速で壊れました。
    大きい直径の物を探し、こちらの傘は傘下直径112cmとあったので購入しかし届いた物は直径105cmしかありませんでした虚偽の説明記載ですよね？すぐ返品手
配しました大きい傘を探している方は気をつけて
    自動開閉の傘は初めてでしたが、これ便利ですね。手が塞がってる時、片手でボタンを押すだけで開くので助かります。閉じる時もボタン一つで傘が閉じるので、良いで
す。開閉も楽で、丈夫なつくりで大満足です！若干重目ですが、傘袋と合皮のケースが付いており、濡れた傘を収める時に重宝しそうです。雨で手が濡れずに閉じれるのでこれは
本当に買いだと思います。この値段でこの機能買って良かった！
    思っていたより軽量で、使いやすいです。ワンタッチで、片手で操作でき便利です。縮めるときには、そこそこ力が必要ですが作りがしっかりしているので不安なく使え
ます。車に常備していますが場所を取らず便利です。
    翌日に届きました！使っていた日傘が壊れてすぐ使いたくかったので本当に助かりました。以前の日傘より100ｇ重いですが、使っている間はまったく気になりません
でした。ワンタッチの傘がこんなに楽とは…早く買えば良かった。確かに固めです。大きいです。閉じているときは本当にコンパクトです。こちらの骨組みはアルミ合金製のよう
で、以前の傘より頑丈です。この値段で、とにかく買ってよかった！大満足です。
    折りたたみ傘をさすのに便利な開閉式ですので、荷物が多い時などに非常に便利で心配もありません。若干重目ですが、傘袋と合皮が付いており、濡れた傘を収める時に
重宝しそうです。 頑丈な10本骨ですし、超大128cm もあります。いいです。耐久性はどれほどかわかりませんが、今問題がないです。満足です。
    購入してから1ヶ月もしないうち壊れました。安かろう悪かろうの典型です。
    注文した商品わ．直径112センチ.届いた商品わ108㎝.しかしながら.108㎝の方が扱いやすい気がします。のではないかと思いますので.届いた傘で.よしと
します。それではよろしくお願いいたします。
    通勤用に購入して、雨天時使用、今のところ1ヶ月経過、ワンプッシュで開閉ができています、
    風がやや強い時など、傘を雨の方向に維持しようと柄の部分を握り替えたり、風に煽られないよう支えているときに柄のボタンに触れて閉じてしまうことが度々あり、閉
じた瞬間、傘の雨しずくと雨とのダブル攻撃に晒されます。柄の部分をもう少し長くし、ボタンの位置を変更してほしいです。
    折りたたみ傘でこの大きさであれば大人二人が入っても十分です。突然雨が降っても、この傘が一本あれば安心できるとおもいます。ワンタッチで傘の開閉が出来ます。
思ったよりも大きくて2人で使うことも出来るので、デート中に雨が降ったときに重宝してます。
    迅速な対応でした。傘が広くて、安定して使えます。（傘のサイズは128cmです。大きいがいいと思います。）10本骨ですから、風が大きくても心配しないです。
使用後の感想：やはり、10本骨傘良いですね！丈夫な感じです。これで安心です！低価格で購入できたので、大変満足してます。
    最初から不良品、開かなっかた、閉まらない
    ちゃんと開閉すれば、大きくて便利ですが、買って1ヶ月ほど、数回しか使っていないのに、開閉のボタンが押せなくなりました。当然開きません。残念。
    とても頑丈かつ綺麗です！大きさも丁度良く沢山使っていきたいと思います。
    購入しました。折り畳み傘にしては少し大きめですが、その分大きく丈夫な作りです。ワンタッチで開閉します、購入後早速強めの雨の中使用してみました。とても大き
い傘で大柄の私も余裕で傘に収まりますので濡れませんでした。風が近づいているせいか風もありましたが、うまく受け流しているようです。
    携帯用に購入しました。注文してすぐ届きました。ショップの対応も迅速丁寧な対応でよかったです。傘は軽くて持ち運びに便利です。シンプルで良かったです。折り畳
む時難しくないです。問題なく使えています。ちょうどいい大きさで満足してます。
    開閉のアクションが雑で、傘の生地もビニール感が強く匂いがあります。持ち手や収納袋もチープ感があります。捻り方向の強度は、かなり無さそうです。
    軽いし、小さめだし、ケースも裏地しっかりしてるしいいと思いました！
    10本骨の傘がこのお値段はお得です。そして、128CM超大サイズがあるので、いいと思います。到着したばかりでまだ使用していませんが、屋内で差してみたとこ
ろ、勢いよくバンと音がして開きました。大きさは男性でも十分だと思いますし、しっかりした作りです。見た感じで良いと思います。
    今まで使っていた傘は小さかったので大きさと１年保証が付いている事が決めてで購入しました。商品はまだ使っていないので耐久性等はわかりませんが大きさ、重さ、
見ためも申し分ない商品です。
    大きくてシンプルなデザインがとても気に入りました！早速使用してますが、開閉もスムーズで使いやすいでした。傘は広く遮光しっかりなので、重宝しそうです。傘袋
の口が広くなるので入れやすいのと、バッグに着けることができるところも気に入ってます♪
    車に常時置いていて突然雨が降ったときにも役立っています。ワンタッチも地味に良い機能です。10本骨なので、作りはかなり丈夫そうです。開閉用のボタンもしっか
り反応してくれます。今もバリバリ活躍してくれています！コスパもよかったので助かっています！
    骨組みがしっかりしてるので、強風が吹いたときも大丈夫でした！開閉もスムーズで、撥水性も高く収納の際も水滴が落としやすく使い勝手が良いです。自動車からの乗
り降りの際の傘の開閉がボタン一つでできるのであまり濡れなくて済むというのが一番有難いです。
    この傘を選択したよかった、日本の風はずっと強いですから、耐風性に強い傘をほしい。頑丈な10本傘骨は耐久性が強いです。自動開閉できますので、使いやすい。折
り畳むとたった持ち運び、いつもカバンに入れてます。晴雨兼用なのでとても便利です。
    レビューの中にある、「少し重い」「閉じるときに力がいる」ということはあまり苦にならない。厚い生地のケースは不要です。
    注文して翌日に届きました。とっても早いです。写真通りに骨が１０本あり風が強くても大丈夫だ。しっかりしてます！雨傘として十分だ、撥水性に優れるし、サイズも
大きいし。でもね、日傘としてちょうどね...、遮光性はまあまあと思います。。
    丈夫なので、安心です。傘は大きくて、3人も入れると思います。手持ちやすくて便利です。基本スペックは高いですしコスパもいいと思います。とてもしっかりしてて
、使いやすいです。もう一本欲しいですね。買いだと思います。いい買い物でした。お勧めです。
    注文して翌日に届きました。折りたたみ傘を今回初めて使用しました。広げるのもたたむのもワンタッチですので大変便利です。傘骨の靭性が強くて、強風でも使えます
。今までのより幅が広い為カバンまで傘の中に収まりかなりいい感じです！買ってよかった！
    ボタンが固くて開かなかったのと、やっと開いても穴が開いていた。交換申請しようと思います。
    値段が安い割にしっかりしているし、撥水性もいいし、使いやすいです。生地の撥水性は本当に驚いたわ、ただ数回で軽く揺さぶるだけで水が振り払えた、撥水性はめち
ゃくちゃ強かった！強風に耐性がありそうで、大満足な買い物だ。重宝してる！
    10本骨なので、とっても丈夫です。耐久性と撥水性が最高です。大きくてしっかりしてるので、子供連れや大人２人でもカバーできます。折り畳める長傘だと思えばこ
れも納得。値段も安いし、値段以上の商品、お買い得です。
    質感もかなりよく、大きくて、ボタン一つで開け閉めができるし、使いやすいです。傘骨が10本がありますのできっと風に強いです。とてもしっかりした作りで、雨風
が強い日でも安心して使えるそうです。お買い得です。
    ちょっと折りたたみをするときに、カバーが小さいのでしまいにくい。しかし、全体的には、骨組みもしっかりしていて使い易いでした。
    この折りたたみ傘を持って、雨でも日焼けでも大丈夫です。品質は確かに言うこのの無い物です。何より、撥水性もあるので安い傘と比べ、中からしみ落ちてくることも
ないです。全体的には悪くないです。満足です。
    少し、グラグラします。折りたたみ時もボタンプッシュなのですが、通常は便利ですが、さしているときに間違えて押すと、閉じてしまうのでびっくりします。大雨時は
突然びしょ濡れになりました。
    めちゃめちゃ気に入っています！雨の日が楽しくなるでしょう！！カバーが二つ付いていて最初はいらないと思いましたが今は便利だと思ってます。
    このサイズの自動開閉の傘を初めて購入しましたが、作りも良く満足しています。カバンに入れて持ち運べるので重宝しています。
    サイズが大きいため、濡れにくいです。ずいぶん丈夫だし、傘の収納も付いてあります。も便利です。大きさに満足してます！
    not bad
    濡れたままカバンにしまうための防水ケース付きのワンタッチ自動開閉できる折りたたみ傘を探して、この商品にたどり着きました。実際に開いてみると、傘の骨10本
はかなり丈夫そうで、安心感があります。大きさも128cmと大きいので、通常の折りたたみでない傘と比べても遜色がなく、身体の大きい男性の私にはうれしいポイントです
。持ち手部分が9cmあるので、風の強い日でも安定して握って持つことができるのも、高ポイントです。テフロン加工で防水機能もバッチリで、しばらく防水スプレーは必要な
さそうです。商品写真には載っていませんが、防水ケースの他に、通常の折りたたみ傘と同じく、薄い外袋も付いてました。Amazon発送で送料も無料の上、１年保証付きと
のことで、安心して購入できました。とても良い買い物をしました。大満足です。
    子どもの送迎用に購入しますた。幅広の傘を探していました。暫く使って感想はさすが１０本傘骨です、丈夫です。大風でも安心に使えるできます。そして、普通の傘よ
り大きいです、この傘は128cmがあるので、二人でも体を濡れることはないです。今は問題がないです。満足です。
    子どもに折り畳み傘を購入しました。重いです‼️重い分かさばる‼️風が吹いて雨が降って、片手で持てないです。開け閉めもガシャン！バン！と結構な音がして、ビ
ックリしました。滑りがわるいのか、バネが強すぎるのか、片手で押し下げられません。結局綺麗に一枚一枚折り畳んでベルトをしないと、カバーに入らないし、普通の折り畳み
傘と同じ...縫製もピローんと糸が、垂れ下がっているし、結局普通の折り畳み傘の方がコンパクトでバックに入れて持ち歩けるので、後悔してます。
    折りたたみ傘を購入しました。ボタンを押すと開いたり閉まったりするので便利ですが大きいサイズの傘を選んだので少し重いです。骨組みもしっかりしているので強風
でも負けずに使えています。カバーも2種類付いているので雨の降る日の使った傘をカバンに入れる時にも安心です。
    普通の折りたたみより重いですが、重いなりのしっかり感はあまり感じません。決して悪くは無いですがずば抜けて良い事も無いです。自動で閉じる機能と傘の生地はし
っかりしてますが、骨組みは普通です。グリップが太いのでしっかりと握れますが、少しカタカタと遊びが有ります
    発送が早くて、使う予定に間に合いました。商品紹介通りの商品です。バスの乗り降り、公共の施設の出入りなど、多くの人が行き来して、傘の開閉が難しい場所でも、
スマートに使用できて良かったです。また、折りたたみ傘なので、閉じた後も周りが濡れにくくて良かったです。折り畳んだ時、濡れている部分が内側になるのですごくいいです
。色は、ブラックです。撥水は今問題ないです。いいです。
    身体の大きな私にとっては、ありがたいですね。大事に使おうと思います。サイズは128ｃｍがあります、傘骨は１０本です、折り畳み傘としては、かなり大きく、結
構強い雨でも濡れません。また、風が相当強い日もありましたが、しっかり壊れませんでした。丈夫です。満足してます。
    晴雨兼用折り畳み傘を探していました。午前中に注文し、翌日お昼には届きました！対応早くして頂きありがとうございます。折りたたみ傘ですが、体も荷物もスッポリ
入る大きさで、雨、紫外線から十分守れそうです。畳んだ時の大きさも普通の折りたたみサイズで、特に大きすぎると感じません。デザインもシンプルです。気に入りました！
    大きくてシンプルなデザインがとても気に入りました！早速使用してますが、開閉もスムーズで使いやすいです。傘袋も口が広いので出し入れしやすいです。布も適度に
厚みとハリがあり、畳み安いと思います。何よりデザインもシンプルで品があり、重宝しています。丈夫な分、多少重さ大きさはありますが、十分価値はあると思います。買って
よかったです！
    折りたたみの割には面積が大きいのであまり濡れません。耐強風ですが、けっこう強い風にも耐えてくれましたが、さすがに台風クラスは無理だなと感じました。
    前も折り畳み自動だったんですが、どこかに忘れた、今度も折り畳み傘にしました。広げたら大きいですが、畳んだら結構コンパクトになりますね。重さも意外に重いで
すが、カバンに常時入れてても邪魔になりませんね。雨の日に便利と思います。折り畳みなので、ビニール袋に入れてカバンに入れておくのも、気を使わないのが良いです。後は
今後の耐久性に期待します。
    逆さ傘の折り畳みを探してて購入しました。発送も早いです。傘の大きさに満足しています。また、逆さ傘だからあまり濡れることは気にせず使えます。車とか乗るとき
座席に置いてもさほど気にならないレベルです。やや重たいのと閉じる時の音が気になりますが、傘が大きくコスパの良い商品だと思います。総合的にはコスパが良い品だと思い
ます。
    晴雨兼用が欲しかったのでちょうど良かったです。ワンタッチで開いて簡単です。強度は12本骨に匹敵するくらい頑丈さを感じるが、それよりは軽いです。自動開閉の
中ではオススメできます。商品の発送も早く、天気不安的なこの時期に助かりました。長く使えることを祈ります。価格と物のバランスがよいです。
    ビル風が強い地域で使用するため、重宝しています。今までの物は、すぐに骨が曲がって使えなくなってしまいましたが、こちらは風を受けて反り返ることはあっても、
しなやかなので曲がったり折れたりは今のところありません。手頃な値段し、生地もしっかりしているし、二人でもいいです。大満足です。
    以前、使っていた物が錆びてきたので新たに購入しました。少し重いですが、超大サイズ128cmがある、いいと思います。スムーズで使いやすいです。見た目もよく
気に入ってます。雨の日に使ってみました。傘を開いたり閉じたりする部分が指が痛くならないようになっており、非常に快適です。
    購入して1か月で開かなくなる。最悪の傘。絶対購入しない方がいい。
    ボタンを押したらバッと開き、再度押したらバッと閉じます。やはりワンタッチ式の傘が便利です。生地の撥水性がいいようです。好きです。値段も安いし、この値段な
ら、お買い得です。
    注文後迅速に届き品質にも大変満足しております。ボタン一つで簡単に開閉できることはとても便利でこれなら雨天時もスムーズに使えそうです、そして折り畳み傘とし
て遜色ないほどコンパクトで置き場所にも困りません。
    This is a pretty decent umbrella. The water resistant canopy really works,
it's light, the automatic open/close mechanism works great, consistently
powerful for the 3 months of british winter i've been using it.Unfortunately, I
bought this umbrella on the promise that it was wind-resistant, and
unfortunately, that is not the case.I've had three seperate occasions where I've
been walking in moderately strong winds (not strong enough to seriously impede
walking, but enough to buffet you occasionally. In these circumstances, this
umbrella almost immediately inverted.once i got it back inside it was easy to
flip the right way out, but by then I was very wet.A good umbrella, but good
enough not for the money they're asking.
    I have one in the drivers door pocket of each of my cars because of their
size and convenience of use.
    A nice looking umbrella. But after a month of ownership and having only been
used twice, I can see that parts of the umbrella are made from iron and are
therefore rusting! Whoever thought it was a good idea to make this umbrella from
a material that reacts with water?In summary this would be an amazing umbrella
as long as you don’t get it wet!. Now I know this I wish I had not purchased
this. I will be contacting Amazon for a refund!
    This was for my 14 year old daughter to take back and forth to school.  It
was heavier than we expected but soooo much better than others we have had.  It
really works - no wonder it gets good reviews.  I’d recommend.
    Is much sturdier than previous umbrellas I’ve had. It did go inside out once
but went back ok. It is quite heavy but I guess that’s to be expected. Would
certainly recommend.
    This umbrellas opening mechanism broke on first occasion of use. It was
opened less than 5 times. That was unfortunate as it otherwise appeared sturdy
    Umbrella broke after a few uses, the metal at the metal at the bottom
swelled and now it's unusable
    Previously purchased one for my child to really test the durabilty. I
figured if it was durable enough to withstand a child and constant use plus
neglect it should be fine for normal use by an adult.
    This umbrella is lovely, strong, lovely colours and well made.
    Good, solid, easy to open and close, fits in my bag and isn’t too heavy....
what’s not to like? It’s 5 stars from me
    The umbrella itself feels very sturdy, however it's sleeve ripped after a
few uses when putting it away.
    Arrived earlier than expected and looks good quality and robust in
construction. Not yet had any strong winds to test it in but looks like it will
cope with most things thrown its way.
    Excellent product.
    Seems well built held its own on windy days. Not too big and comfy handle.
    Excellent product, very well made, easy to use.  Being able to open the
umbrella up with one hand when raining is so useful especially if carrying
parcels etc.
    Heavy solid umbrella. Haven't tested in strong wind. However, the outer bag
had thread off when I opened the package. It won't last.
    So good quality
    super sturdy, folds well. Great value, IMHO.
    Good product
    Good
    I've had this umbrella for about a year and a half, and I've appreciated its
small folded size, nice opening/closing functions, and good wind resistance. The
top cap of my umbrella has cracked, however, and through this have discovered
that Repel does not cover umbrellas that are not bought directly from them. So
all the glowing press about the bulletproof warranty for this umbrella don't
apply if you buy through Amazon. And while the part that broke on my umbrella is
a simple threaded cap, there aren't replacement parts available. Without this
cap, there's a hole in the top of the umbrella so water can fill the shaft and I
doubt it will last long. So I'm left with finding some kind of kludge fix to
keep it functional. Bit of a bummer since otherwise its been a great umbrella.
    Umbrella is good, however don’t believe brand is as specified. I bought a
grey and yellow umbrella, both of which are different- one with Mandarin
branding the other English. Probably a copy of Repel brand. I guess you get what
you pay for....
    at my place in vancouver it rains almost everyday in winters, and sometimes
winds go to tge speed of 80-90kmph. it has withstand that and is easy to
open/close.also it becomes compact and goes inside my purse when closed
    This is a well made & design umbrella, nice size, and folded down quite
small.But I wouldn't take it to a trip because of the weight...it's a bit on the
heavy side.But for every day use it's great !
    Muy bonito y por ahora parece resistente. La tela tiene una ranura (quizas
sea para resistir el viento. No se)
    En dos o tres días de usar la lluvia, ya han aparecido manchas de óxido,
algo que nunca debería suceder, y mucho menos en unos días !!
    good stability and Sturdiness. its big enough for one person for heavy rain.
    It's perfect! Very sturdy
    One of the 9 ribs has broken after being used for less than 15 times in
Jan/Feb 2020. The other one is still in tact though. However still usable and
still opens/retracts.
    Product worked well in the first few weeks. However, after 2 weeks I found
that one of the hinges had broken off. This has caused the umbrella to be rather
troublesome when I’m trying to keep it.
    It does the job.
    Buena relación calidad precio.
    Upon unboxing , realise there are strands of thread popping out near to the
open cap of umbrella . Overall quality is still acceptable .
    Lo he abierto, y es para niños. Muy pequeño.No lo recomendaría para adultos.
    Es compacto y sólido
    Good quality
    Very good umbrella. Its good for windy weather
    Great umbrella
    This was a cheap Chinese copy and not the product advertised.
    Just bought two of these umbrellas. The quality seems very sturdy and well
made compared to the current ones I have been using. I will be using the new one
tomorrow as heavy rain is expected where I live.  I bought it to take to Ireland
this summer because I needed a light weight travel umbrella that I could carry
and needed something windproof. I contacted the seller to make an exchange for a
different color and they responded very quickly and were very accommodating. I
received the exchange very quickly. I would definitely recommend this seller
because of their excellent customer service. I have no doubt that the umbrella
will great.
    You will not be sorry for investing in this quality product! The repel easy
touch umbrella is lightweight and compact, yet strong enough to withstand heavy
winds.  Push button auto open with manual close,  strap attached to handle for
easy carrying and a carrying case included. I love its Instant dry feature with
the Dupont teflon technology.  It keeps you dry and it stays dry! Best of all
this umbrella comes with a lifetime guarantee.  If anything happens to it, you
receive a replacement at no cost to you.
    This umbrella is quite light, fast drying, easy to carry, and good for a
light drizzle when you are in a pinch. In general if you are a foot commuter to
work in a city or something, this is a great umbrella to just keep in your bag
for those moments you forgot to check the weather. However, I just had to use
this in a torrential downpour, and it quite frankly fails at that. The only
think it kept dry was my torso. Shoes soaked, legs soaked, bag I was carrying
soaked. It is just far too small to deal with actual rains.Update: The customer
service department personally reached out to me because of my review and issued
a refund. That kind of attention to customer satisfaction makes this review bump
up to a five star. Also they informed me they are in the process of making a
golf-size umbrella, and that will no doubt be one of the best umbrellas on the
market.
    I bought this umbrella for a recent trip to England and Ireland where rainy
weather is often part of the day. My trip was fifteen days and for most of the
time I was there, it rained heavily off and on. I was glad to have this handy
little umbrella in an outer pocket of my tote bag for those unpredictable
changes in weather. The push button open was super convenient when caught in a
sudden storm, no fumbling to get it open, just push and viola!It is not
completely windproof however. In Ireland, it rained often, accompanied by strong
gusts of wind. The umbrella would billow upward so if it weren't for my hooded
jacket, I would have gotten wet. It is also kind of heavy to hold for long
periods of time. My arm would get tired of holding it during longer bouts of
rain.Overall though, this umbrella keeps you dry and is very durable despite
being blown upward in the wind.
    I originally ordered this umbrella because I liked the color. So far I've
used it twice and I'm really happy with it.  It very lightweight and sturdy and
the auto open/auto close helps because you are not fumbling in the rain to open
or close.  I live in New York City so I do a lot of walking, umbrellas are
pretty much essential.  It's small enough to carry on those days when there is a
chance of rain without being weighed down by a big umbrella. I ordered the small
size becuase it is easier to carry but if you want to make sure you are
completely covered I would suggest the larger size.
    **Edit: 20MPH wind and it went inside out. Time to return.Took this umbrella
to a theme park, and it didn't perform quite as well as I would have hoped,
given the reviews.The auto open/collapse was helpful, although it did fail to
open one time. I had to compact it to try opening it again. The small size was
appreciated so I could just tuck in my jacket's inside pocket; however, it can
be a bit small if you have a backpack on.The main disappointment was that after
about and hour or so of using in light-medium rain, water started to seep
through the umbrella and dripped on me.It's not a bad option for a quick walk
from car to office, or something, but I'll consider something else if I need
something for an extended period of time. Seems like you could get away with
something cheaper if you only need coverage for a few minutes at a time.
    I ordered two (2) of these umbrellas; one red and one grey (this one).  I
ordered them as gifts for my daughter to have one in her car and one in her
office, so that she is always protected going and coming, during April
showers.The red one she used immediately, but she didn't need the use of the
grey one until arriving at a store in May...the grey on she kept in her car
would not stay up. And wouldn't you know it...now I am having trouble trouble
returning it, because it seems, Amazon; who I have grown to appreciate and use
as my 'go to store, for all things'; will not take it back due to their time
limit for my returning or exchange was in February, and I bought these items in
January... I'm rethinking my 'go to store'
    Very high quality--never saw this much in a small collapsable one.  Works
exactly as advertised.  Many colors to chose from.
    My big complaint is that it is ridiculously hard to collapse.  Not
difficult-- you just push the thing--but HARD. As in I thought it was broken or
I was gonna break it because the stupid thing wouldn't collapse.  Clicking the
button wouldn't make it expand or collapse at this point. Finally, I tried
twisting slightly while collapsing and that did it.
    Keep in mind that this if you're going to buy this umbrella, you'll be using
it in very light rain. I've used this on multiple occasions and have gotten
soaked almost every time. The only way you'll possibly remain dry under this
umbrella is if you're a small child, or you're standing perfectly still and not
moving. Overall very dissatisfied with this product and would not recommend it.
    I walk an average of two hours a day in the City of Newark, New Jersey, and
sometimes it rains.  I had a Repel umbrella, and it lasted about 9 months....
One day (while I was camel-spotting) a squall suddenly descended and the darn
spring thingamabob on my Repel umbrella experienced sudden mechanical failure.
Dark clouds were gathering, and I immediately obtained another Repel,
registering my product after I noticed the generous warranty.  Eight months
later, when one of the eight arms of my umbrella catastrophically failed, I was
able to reach them in the middle of the night, in a storm, out in the ocean, via
satellite phone, and sent them a copy of my invoice.  SHAZAM:  they sent me a
new umbrella, via submarine drone.
    I've been using this umbrella now for about two months in Soggy Seattle
Washington so It's been given a good workout and here is what I've found
out.First, it IS a nice umbrella and is for the most part, as rain repellent as
an umbrella could be. After giving it the 'rain shake' there is just a light
coat of moisture on the surface of the top of the umbrella. And opened inside it
dries withing 7 or so minutes just sitting there-very nice.The one 'Bad' thing
is after using the Umbrella in 40-49 degree weather, pushing the button to
'close' the umbrella 8 out of 10 times it doesn't close properly, it looks like
it's 'trying' to fold but needs a couple of hard jerks to coax it into going
into it's 'fold me up now' position.the other thing is the pad of velcro on the
'belt' is very cheap, like less than an inch, I could already see that it's not
mating well with the other part of the velcro and the strap has started to just
pop open. A real annoyance.Other than that though, the build quality is very
very good. It's just in real world use, it has it's bugs.Gerard Masters
    Just got back from a trip to London and Paris and bought this just for the
trip. Used it a couple of times and it worked great! It felt sturdy and made of
good quality against the rain and wind. My husband bought the same one in a
different color and the wind flipped his. He just flipped it back the correct
way and carried on. it worked perfectly fine after that too, Would highly
recommend this brand!
    This is a very good umbrella.  However I have to say that on the very first
day of use, during my travel to Columbus where it was raining in June, the
rainy/windy day storm flipped (reversed) my umbrella during the very first day I
used it. Still, it was very easy to flip it back to its normal shape and I did
not notice any damage (or broken spines) on the umbrella itself. So yes, I would
say it is sturdy.  The umbrella is fairly lightweight, but not super-light like
some of the cheaper/flimsier umbrellas. It seems like this would last for a few
more years so definitely a good value.
    This is an excellent umbrella. I’ve purchased one for my each of my
elementary-aged sons and a third for my wife. I often ask one of my sons to lend
me their umbrella while they’re at school on rainy days so I can use it instead
of my old junker. We live in NYC where gusts of wind are known to destroy cheap
umbrellas in a hurry. This model is designed well (vents, rigid octagonal shaft,
Teflon, etc.) and made well. The price also makes it an excellent value. Highly
recommend.
    Handles moderate to heavy rains in stride. Fits in side door pocket of
vehicle and fits nicely in briefcase/backpack.Winds can be tricky with ANY
umbrella. So far, this device has handled up to 50mph wind gusts without
issue.The automatic openings and collapsing mechanism has worked flawlessly...My
only complaint, observation really,  is that the model I picked is a bit small
for two, so for TWO people, half of each will get damp or one will be much
wetter than the other !!...  It is not advertised as a TWO person or Golf sized
devices, so NO ISSUE, just pointing out it is a personal sized umbrella.
    This umbrella is exactly as described, came in perfect condition, and works
just fine.I was a little concerned based upon some reviews about how easy it is
to retract and return to it's sleeve. It's very easy to do this; just look at it
before you open it and then follow the clear instructions.I haven't used it
nearly enough yet to test it in wind but will update this review after I have.
The warranty registration process is dead simple; just read and follow the
instructions that come with the umbrella.
    I bought this umbrella because it seemed perfect. And it was until I found
out some parts of its structure get RUSTY and stain the cloth.Would buy it again
if they solved this. If this does not get fixed, I would NOT buy it again.
    I finally got fed-up with folding/travel umbrellas that were flimsy & hard
to open & close.  When caught in pouring rain last week, I couldn't open my
current folding umbrella -- lot of good that umbrella did!  I did a bit of
research online & this product got very good reviews.  Although it costs twice
as much as my previous crappy umbrellas, I decided it was worth it.  I was
right!  You push the button to open it and then push the same button to close
it.  Oh, and it has a lifetime warranty -- right! -- a lifetime warranty!!!  Who
would believe it?  Thank you, Repel, for making a very good product.
    Ordered two new umbrellas (to color coordinate with car - LOL) and they came
the day before we had a huge downpour.  We had to be in and out numerous times
so the umbrellas got a workout.  Very pleased.  They are quick to open and
easier to close than other umbrellas we have.
    Best travel umbrella ever. Will add to my "travel package"-those things that
always go with me.  I have a nice backpack I use to walk around and this
umbrella will fit right in. The last time I got caught in the rain was in
Glasgow-who knew.  From the high street had to jump from store to store. Having
this small light yet very good and functional umbrella will solve that.
    I have updated my rating to 5 stars as a result of the quality and timely
response received from the manufacturer.  A replacement umbrella is on the way
just because I indicated it appeared the umbrella had been used.  I appreciate
the response from the manufacturer.The umbrella is very well constructed.  Was
concerned when I opened the package as the umbrella looked like it had been
opened before and the handle was slightly loose.  Nothing I can't live with.
    I live in Miami-Beach and have about a 10 minute walk to work. from about
November to February you need to have an umbrella on you.  Across the street
from the hotel I work at (maintenance) is a Publix. Last month I went 4 days
straight buying an umbrella at Publix and throwing it in a dumpster at my
apartment complex because it was destroyed by the time I got it home. This
umbrella is a little expensive but it really pays for itself.
    The only travel umbrella I've ever had that is both compact enough to fit in
my bag everyday and sturdy enough to withstand even hurricane winds. I liked my
first one so much that I bought a second one to keep in another bag so I'm never
without an umbrella. Never once has it flipped with a strong wind or been
anything but reliable in the rain.Recently, one of the ribs of my umbrella broke
when I accidentally slammed it against a table partially closed. The  company's
customer service was unbelievable! Because they offer a lifetime guarantee on
their umbrellas, they replaced my umbrella no questions asked. The
representative was incredibly kind. I won't buy an umbrella from any other
company!
    I got this umbrella to replace an old one.  Unfortunately it hasn't rained
since I got it so I can't attest to how well it works in rain.  However, it does
open and close nicely by itself and seems to be well made.  I do look forward to
using it in rain and I do believe it will work very well.
    This has proven to be a great little umbrella.  The mechanical action works
well and seems sturdy and robust -- very different experience than many of the
cheap drugstore umbrellas I've purchased in the past.  The coating is also quite
nice -- the umbrella fabric itself doesn't get soaked even when it's raining,
and with a few shakes to get the big water droplets off, it dries very quickly.
It's not the most compact of umbrellas, but, as stated before, it seems less
flimsy than my super compact umbrella.Great product.  The first one I bought
worked so well that I purchased a second.
    This is a sturdy umbrella, if you are going out in a heavy rainfall it would
be a good choice.  For me though it weighs too much to just carry around in case
it rains.  I will take my light, easy to carry umbrellas with me in case of
unexpected rain, but this one is too heavy unless its a down pour.
    Bought this spring 2019 and liked it - does invert but you can then just
turn in the other direction and it will reverse and work again - however now
noting rust at the end of the ribs - bummer!!!! Not stainless I guess. Beware if
gets wet often and not able to dry out right away or fully due to circumstances
(at a restaurant, shopping, etc.)Will not buy again!!!!
    I bought this umbrella on the recommendation of The Sweethome/Wirecutter.
I've been very happy with the build quality so far, and it opens with little to
no effort.  The only negative that would have to say is that it does require
some force to close it.  I don't have any issues pushing it closed, but my wife
commented on it when I showed it to her the first time.Here's the important
part.  It keeps me as dry as an umbrella can be expected to, and it holds up to
the fall winds that I've had it in so far.  I immediately purchased a second one
for my wife after receiving this one and trying it out, albeit in pink.   Repel
Windproof Travel Umbrella with Teflon Coating (Pink)
Repel Windproof Travel Umbrella with Teflon Coating (Pink)
    I got this umbrella because my favorite umbrella broke. It’s identical to
the one I had accept this one is “windproof”. I live in FL & work by the beach &
so far, so good! I got it after the height of the hurricane season so I will
give another update in several weeks. For now, I recommend buying!!!
    the umbrella frame is very poorly made and materials are weak. normal use
the umbrella ribs broke already and the spring broke loose. paid $23 for it.
samsonite umbrellas are much much sturdy and few bucks cheaper. i had samsonite
umbrella and used it for years with no issue at.
    Seems like a decent umbrella sized perfectly for one person but it doesn’t
open all the way upon first click of the button. I have to push the spindle part
lightly to extend the umbrella to its fullest open position. Closing is no
problem with a second push of the button. I have another of the same umbrella in
black and that one opens just fine so this one must be defective, just not bad
enough for me to return the product.
    I’m sorry i can’t really give you a better answer.  I receive so many review
requests either before the item arrives or before I can use the item.  In this
case, the umbrella goes up and down.  Going up it is a powerful jolt.  We have
had NO RAIN forever but because I keep getting these requests I am answering you
before testing it out.
    The second time I used it, this umbrella broke.  Push a button and it
extends but the umbrella doesn't open.  I contacted the manufacturer.  No
response.  None.  Tried again.  The warranty doesn't take effect until you
"register" the product; I thought I'd just register my objection here instead.
    Have used this umbrella half a dozen times so far. The mechanics work
smoothly to open and close. I hadn't realized it can close sing the button. My
mistake for hitting it accidentally during a storm. Ha. Will be more mindful
about that now. Haven't had it for too long. Will update if anything changes.
Summer rain on the east coast is sporadic so I'm curious how it'll hold up in
colder months.
    Read the reviews of this umbrella and ordered one. It is sturdy and well
made. The quality of this umbrella is so much better than the lightweight ones
found at big box stores. Have yet to go through a rainy season with it, but
right out of the package it looks like it will stand up to the wind and rain.
    One gust of Manhattan wind and this thing is now junk. Usually when an
umbrella inverts it'll snap back no problem. This one inverted and upon
investigation had bent. It now  remains deformed and is basically so much trash.
    I've bought three or four of these and they've generally been good. The only
bad thing was that one of them broke somewhat more easily than expected. I
opened it to dry inside, set it down, and the branch that touched the ground
broke (snapped at the joint, I think?). I wasn't necessarily handling it with
the utmost care, but I certainly wasn't manhandling it either. In any case, the
company replaced it for free, and everything else has been great. I especially
like the button. Making it work for both opening *and* closing the umbrella is a
pretty nifty touch.
    Got some moderate use of this umbrella during a month trip to SE Asia. It is
very small and light, making it easy to take out and about in case of rain.
    Love the Repel umbrella. Ordered another one for each van. Couldn't be
happier with our Repel. Opens quickly and are able to get into van and collapse
it just as quickly. So very handy.
    Umbrella is heavier than I expected and I wish the handle was a bit longer.
But the heft indicates the quality metal used. Each rib also has a spring built
in which assists with the auto-opening, which adds some weight. I'd probably
look elsewhere if you're looking for a small travel umbrella due to the
weight.Overall a very high quality umbrella.
    Decent umbrella, but it’s too short. It collapses to about a foot, but fully
extended, it has to be held at an awkward angle because the pole is not long
enough. And I’m only a 5’5” woman.
    This is my second time purchasing this umbrella.  The first was for my
daughter to keep in her backpack at school.  I finally had to get one for
myself.  It is very sturdy, stands up quite well to wind and dries quickly.
Yes, I would buy more!  Just get it it is great!
    I put this umbrella to the test in Portland. It obviously handle water fine.
The wind is the reason for the four stars. It did flip up a couple of times in
higher altitude rain and wind. It's very compact and I will continue using it,
hopefully this was a rare occurrence.
    4-20-19 update:  I finally took time out of my crazy life to contact the
seller about the problem I had with my first purchase.  They got back to me
immediately and once I provided proof of purchase, honored their warranty.  Took
the umbrella out for a spin today and it worked great.  Thank you!!!
    This umbrella is great! I needed a small one to keep in my work bag and this
works well. It's big enough for me and my backpack, and doesn't hold water much.
Dries quickly once I'm at work.
    I had mine for about a month and accidentally left it in Target... HOWEVER
this umbrella is super useful for a student like me. Being on the go and having
to quickly duck in a building or in to my car, the auto-close function with the
button is outstanding. First, it lets me get in quickly with out getting wet or
bumping in to anyone with my umbrella. Second, you can use the function to kinda
fling the extra water off.Being that this umbrella is water proof, there is very
little water still on it when entering a building or my car and I stay dry. I've
already ordered another one to replace the one I lost.
    Bought it for a trip to Oregon. It can not hold up to the wind and rain at
the coast. Push open button is cool though.
    Bought this to replace my aging Blunt XS Metro, so I'll use the XS Metro as
a benchmark. Dimension wise, shorter than XS Metro, but heavier than XS Metro.
Fabric is on the thin side, thinner than XS Metro. Pressing the "deploy" button
also works to collapse the umbrella, which is a nice feature that XS Metro don't
have. The teflon treatment on the fabric is nice to have.Now, the bad part. I
had a chance to test it under very heavy rain with moderate wind. The frame hold
up pretty well, but 15 mins after exposure to the rain, the fabric soaked the
water and started leaking. The first time I had a leaky umbrella.This may make a
good protection against sunlight, but not against water.
    Very nice umbrella.  Easy to open and close, both by the push of a button.
Makes getting and out of car/buildings easy when it's raining.Note:  I waited to
make sure the umbrella lasted and worked before I wrote this review.  I will
purchase another to keep in my work desk and car.
    A great product. I now own three of them. Well-made, almost indestructible
in the wind. The one time that I had a problem with one it was replaced within
two days without a problem. Great customer service.
    Sturdy and good value at $22/ea. The spring assisted opening works well as
new. The metal frame does seem more robust than similar umbrellas. While the
overall volume is compact, the added frame strength does increase its weight
compared with umbrellas of this size. Secure comfort in rainy windy conditions
are assured.
    Terrible umbrella. I bought it in February and barely used it at all. Sudden
showers in may and I take out my umbrella and one of the bars just breaks.
Pretty expensive for a garbage umbrella. The $10 ones at a store work better.
    After surviving the few weeks CA gets of rain, and the handful of days the
rain gets heavy and wind gets gusty, it survived the test. Only minor gripe is
the velcro weakening after using it a few times. If it was strengthened just a
bit more, it would add the the already perfect design of the product.
    Well made, compact umbrella. It has a rubber grip, not that cheap plastic.
Opening and closing mechanism is very smooth. I like the color variety even
though I got grey. Sue me. Carry it with me every day in work bag. It's very
light, so you barely notice it's there.
    This is an incredibly sturdy umbrella, which is exactly what I was looking
for. I typically only use a rain jacket as most umbrellas that I had in the past
would break easily because of wind. Thus far, this one has withstood a few
strong storms with strong winds. It’s also very compact, easy to store in my
backpack or purse. I really love how easy it is to close and open! Would
definitely recommend.
    I needed a smaller, lightweight umbrella for the Florida summer, and this
fit the profile. It seemed a little pricey for a travel umbrella, but I'm a firm
believer in "you get what you pay for." This seems to be the case with this
umbrella, because everything about it is really nice! The handle feels great,
the button opens and closes it, the material feels durable, and the size is
perfect. You won't be disappointed.
    Bought this to take on a trip. Mainly used for sun shade but will carry
around in car for rain. Small size means easy to carry. Auto open and close are
nice features. Easy to roll up and put back in bag.
    This is my second time ordering the same umbrella. I left the first at a
restaurant but had it for well over a year. I have gone through many umbrellas
that could not handle the gusty boston winds. Even if the umbrella flips over
(does happen but rarely) it goes right back without any harm to the spokes. My
only “complaint” has been mentioned in other reviews— it takes some effort when
closing it.
    It is perfect, light weight and durable amazingI have to mention that the
cover is not tight enough and I have lost it after first use, just fell off the
umbrella
    REALLY does what it says it does-repel water & NOT flip up/out. I use the
metro to travel to/from work, so get to use it on a regular basis. I
particularly remember when I used it during a flash flood & wind storm. it kept
me dry& didn’t flip up! My colleague bought one after he saw me using it that
day :o)
    It’s windy & wet in middle California where I live and my boyfriend lives in
San Francisco where it’s the same. It’s sturdy but it has rusted a bit. It came
off easily but still, is disappointing. Also during one high wind in SF it came
up. It only happened once but i don’t know- it was brand new and I’m skeptical
about the longevity of this product if it did that as new as it was.
    Only tested so far but seems well built and has flexible fiberglass ribs so
should pop back if the wind flips it inside out.Folds down to less than 12
inches and very light.
    It worked great, until it broke.  Umbrella no longer stays open.  Not sure
what happened.  It is supposed to have a lifetime guarantee, I guess we shall
see if there s is true ..it won't let me contact seller via Amazon, says the
return window has closed.  Not sure how to get my replacement??
    My umbrella arrived a few days ago and I haven't had a chance to use it in
the rain yet, but I opened and closed it a few times.  It seems to be sturdy and
I love that the button not only opens it, bug closes it too.  The company has
e-mailed me a few times to make sure I'm happy with the product and make sure
I'm aware of the lifetime guarantee.  All in all, this is probably the nicest
umbrella I've ever owned.
    Smaller than my last umbrella & the pushing it shut from the top(wet side)
isn't great.The overall garentee is great.Hilo(where I live) is supposed to have
the largest rain drops🤨.I only used it today.
    Works great so far. Like the grey color but a darker charcoal grey would be
nice too. We will see how long this holds up as most umbrellas don't seem to
last. Fingers crossed this one does.
    Did some research and saw this was supposed to be a good umbrella. Love the
button push to close as well as the quick drying. It dries REALLY fast.
    I bought this to replace a $50 "wind-proof" umbrella which eventually
succumbed to strong winds.  So far, so good with this much less expensive
version. Seems very sturdy and works well.
    Our fave umbrella, thanks to the Wirecutter article! We have it in white,
orange, grey, and rainbow. Not a single incident of flipping over or spokes
breaking the material like cheap brellas.
    When I first got this umbrella, I thought I'd see how well it was built.
I'm pleasantly surprised that it does look like it can survive a reasonable
amount of wind and rain which, for Seattle, is a must.
    Umbrella is exactly what I needed for my trip to Cuba! Small, yet sturdy and
covers two people well in rain or sunshine. Product was received as expected and
ahead of schedule. Highly recommend!
    When I saw the Teflon thing, I was imagining that water would just roll off
of this. It's fine, just like any other umbrella but don't expect anything
dramatic or unusual in the water-rolling-off department.
    Great strong umbrella! Pretty great in the wind. Bought for a trip to
Amsterdam. I don’t like how hard it is to close it back up, it’s too hard for my
kids to do it and my 65 year old mother can’t do it either, but I deal with it.
With they made a bigger version too!
    This umbrella is fantastic. I never thought I would have a favorite umbrella
but now I do. I've bought two of them so far and will probably buy more. Super
light weight. Drys super fast. I really like this umbrella.
    Great umbrella; works much better than the cheap ones I usually get.  I
bought two; one for my son who works uptown and one for myself.  My son's broke
during a bad wind storm, but they sent us a new one through the warranty.  They
were very helpful and we have had no problems since!  The warranty was the main
reason I purchased it.  Very happy with the product and the customer service!
    This umbrella is really great, works for what you need it to do. It's a
small compact umbrella, won't shield you from everything in heavy rainfall, but
will keep your top half dry.Sturdy in the wind.Only negative was the top piece
of plastic chipped off, a minor cosmetic issue but Upper Echelon Products was
quick to remedy it. Incredible customer service, you don't see that often these
days. Will definitely be referring to all my friends and family.
    Used as sunshade on boat. Worked well.
    Perfect size for keeping in car, bought 3 of these, for myself and friends,
also great for travelling, easy to pack
    Excellent product! I bought two of these umbrellas. I wanted to use it once
before writing a review. Has good grip, is sturdy and can withstand windy
weather. Highly recommended
    Was considering purchasing a more familiar brand name umbrella, but noticed
very mixed reviews about performance.  I selected this product based on the
excellent reviews, and I have not been disappointed.  I've had this umbrella for
several months, and it's performed beautifully in very high winds.  Dries
quickly in my office or garage, and the compact size makes it convenient to
carry in my work backpack.
    I like that it's very compact. It didn't repel water as well as I thought it
would, but still a great umbrella.On a second thought, Costco sells similarly
sized auto open/close umbrellas for about half the price.
    Great quality umbrella! Opens powerfully and easy, and I LOVE the auto close
feature.
    Recently took this on travel with me.  It is a bit heavier than I would have
liked.  Added extra weight to my purse when not needed.  However, it performed
well.  Wind did not cause it turn or bend.  My travel companion had to put his
down due to wind but mine stayed up with no issues.  It also dried faster than
the other one.
    This umbrella is easy to carry and seems sturdy.  The only thing that I
don't like about it is that I have to push it down hard to close it, which takes
some power.  I wonder why we cannot push a button to close this umbrella.  That
is why I'm giving 4 stars.
    Don't tend to comment too much in these sections. I bought this after some
reviews I found on 3rd party sites. The umbrella itself is sturdy and durable as
described, though there is one horrible flaw. After one use in the rain, the
metal frame started rusting and leaving unbearable spots on the inside of my
umbrella. Basically looks like it has spots of mud everywhere. If you don't care
about appearance it serves it's purpose. At least for me, it's an ungodly sight
upon using it once.
    This umbrella works for about a month then stops. I bought two, and they
both suffered the same fate. They are not good.
    Sturdy Umbrella that looks like it should hold up against wind gusts as
well. Yet to try it in an actual gust though.
    Love these umbrellas. Bought several for Christmas particularly for my
college student granddaughters. They're stronger than most.
    Very high quality construction and lightweight are the defining attributes
of this umbrella. With the Teflon coating, the canopy readily sheds water, which
is great when I can shake the umbrella and not bring a lot of water into the car
with me. This is the 3rd one I've bought (one for each car and one at my office)
so clearly, I'm a fan.
    Great umbrella that I've used in heavy rain and only my legs got wet. I
highly recommend the product.
    So far so good with my new Repel Umbrella. I haven't tried it yet in gusty
winds, but looking forward to it. The Umbrella is a nice size and very sturdy.
    done very poorly
    Dries quickly. Seems very sturdy. Haven't had the chance to take her out in
hard rain and wind yet.
    This is a really reliable umbrella that I bought before moving to London.
Definitely wind resistant but the only reason I don't give it 5 Stars is because
it isn't super light (understandable since it is made to be durable) but since
you need to carry an umbrella everywhere in London, as you don't know when it
will rain, I sometimes find myself hesitant to bring this unless it is already
raining when I'm already carrying quite a lot of stuff.
    After opening and closing it a few times it seems much sturdier than most
folding umbrellas but I have not tested it under real rain and wind conditions.
It is heavier than I thought and because of that I would have to think hard
about taking it when traveling by plane.
    Right size, waterproof and the light color works in extreme sunlight as a
parasol.
    Great umbrella!!  Good compact size yet very strong!  Very happy with this
purchase.
    This is a great product! Does exactly what it says...easy to use, sturdy and
easy to store and carry. Glad I pulled the trigger and got this.
    I liked the fabric of umbrella, but it’s really hard to open n close n
especially after folding the travel umbrella ; u can’t get it back in travel bag
which included.
    The umbrella seemed very sturdy and well made but I returned it because it
felt heavier than i expected. I decided to get a lighter one instead because i
wanted it mainly for travel and packing.
    I bought this since it was a Wire Cutter recommendation.  It's a great,
well-made product.  Whatever material they use actually appears to repel water.
Great umbrella in a small package!  Would recommend to anyone needing an
umbrella!
    Very happy with it. It's light. Seems to be fairly wind resistant. No issues
whatsoever. One of my favorite umbrellas I own.
    Probably the best umbrella I've had in terms of keeping me dry. The release
button is super convenient. However, after about 3 uses it became really hard to
push the umbrella back into position. I basically can't do it by hand anymore, I
have to use my body weight and the ground.
    Packable and sturdy. Protected us during New York’s first snow of the season
last week.  A winner!
    I bought this for myself at Christmas so I haven't had many times to use it
since I had to wait for winter to leave the area, but I have used it twice now
and I like it very much.
    I really like how light yet strong this umbrella feels. I received it in the
last few weeks, so I've only had a couple of occasions to use it but I'm happy
with my purchase.
    Love my umbrella. Its a great product
    Great quality umbrella. Feels sturdy, which is important where we live, in
the Pacific Northwest. We actually bought a couple for the family and are really
pleased with the purchase.
    Excellent umbrella, great value. Build quality feels premium, and it works
great. I highly recommend this product!
    AVOID. This seems to be built well but like all umbrellas it will only last
about 6 months. I pressed button to open it today and it launched off the handle
like a rocket. Also very hard to open and close. AVOID
    Great umbrella. Easy to open and close, good protection and nice color.
    I bought this because of good reviews in January 2019. It certainly felt
substantial, and I had high hopes for its durabiIity. In the intervening 10
months, I have used the umbrella certainly less than 10 times. Unfortunately,
when I went to use it yesterday, something happened to the mechanism and it will
neither stay open nor close. Caveat emptor!
    I bought two of these. They are good products and I had a positive
purchasing experience.
    I haven't had the chance to really use the umbrella yet, but it looks good
and sturdy and I love the lifetime warranty factor. I just bought another one
with the 40% discount they gave me when I registered. I don't expect to ever buy
another umbrella again.
    Nice looking and hoping it lasts a long time!
    Very classy easy to handle, open and closed easily. Have used it a few times
now
    Great opening and closing mechanism. Nice portability. A little small, I
found myself adjusting its location a lot to determine what would and would not
stay dry. Good build quality.
    A great umbrella, sturdy, opens easily, nicer variety of colors, worth the
price. I had my first one for 3 years and when I lost it immediately ordered
another. My only complaint is that it takes both hands to close it, a nuisance
especially when you're traveling with luggage and getting in and out of
vehicles.
    Pretty sturdy in the wind. Like the size and the color.
    Came as described. I've never bought an umbrella before, but I remember
before I would always have to push in each of the metal tabs to get my umbrella
back down so the automatic feature is awesome.  I tried it out and it has an
almost terrifyingly strong spring, but if anything happens I'll update.  I also
doubt I'll use the little sleeve it came in because I'm having trouble getting
it back on.  Eh, I don't need that bit anyway.
    So far so good. I’ve had this umbrella for a couple weeks and it works very
well. It seems to be built solid and I expect it to last a long time. I would
highly recommend this umbrella!
    Seems well made, heavy duty. It is a bit heavy for travel at 1 lb. 5oz but
it will do the job. Quick shipping and arrived in excellent condition.
    It's a good quality compact umbrella that you can carry with you at all
times.  It has a robust spring loaded mechanism to both open and close the
umbrella making the umbrella convenient to use in an urban setting where you may
be going in and out of the rain during the course of your excursion.  The Teflon
coating sheds most of the water from the fabric adding to it's convenient use
when going in and out of the rain.
    It is very durable and not that heavy.I like this has a life time
warranty.So far even in a heavy wind and rain, it don't break.
    Very happy with umbrella and customer service returnI ordered the red, but
when I received it, it looked rust colored.  I sent it back for the silver with
no questions asked.  Customer service is awesome!  I received my silver umbrella
within a couple days.  I love it!  Thank you, Repel Umbrella, for an excellent
product and great service!
    This is a durable, light, user-friendly and handy umbrella!
    Top broke after 2 uses. See the attached picture.The umbrellas was gently
handled and wasn't dropped or hit.
    Love the automated opening AND close.  Lightweight yet strong, good looking
too. I spent a lot of time researching and very happy
    Bought this for trips to London and New York and it performed
beautifully...Just the right size for navigating crowded sidewalks in the rain
plus, although it does come with a protective sleeve, I found that with one
shake, it's dry enough to carry into restaurants and galleries on its own.  Also
appreciated the choice of colors.
    Seems sturdy. Time will tell
    Sturdy and compact, has some weight to it.Im 6ft 2in so it doesnt cover much
surface area compared to a normal umbrella. Its great for what it is.
    This is the most I've spent on an unbrella, but I have no regrets! Haven't
really had crazy winds here in Michigan, but it is definitely sturdy with the
wind, and the diameter is pretty nice, can fit 2 person. The repel layer is my
favorite, works like a champ! Girls might find it slight harder to collasp the
umbrella because the spring is rather strong!
    Nice
    These are great umbrellas.  They are compact but are very sturdy in wind and
rain.  They always work properly and are easy to open and close.  We are very
happy with our purchase.
    This umbrella just arrived a few days ago.  I immediately tried to open and
close it to make sure it worked  as described.  I found it very easy to open
close.  It is exactly what  I was looking for!
    Easy up and down, fits easily in its sleeve and dries very quickly! Perfect
size for my work bag
    Velcro on strap is cheap and thin, so umbrella constantly flops open.  Too
difficult to close with one hand.  Impractical, not deserving of high ratings on
Wirecutter.
    Good umbrella. I wish it were a little bigger
    Best umbrella I've owned and great customer service. I lost the 1st one I
owned (bad habit of leaving umbrellas in cabs) and when I purchased the 2nd, the
open/close button was stiff. I contacted Repel and they sent a replacement
without needing the return. I gave the defective one to a friend and sadly lost
mine (yet again). This is my 3rd and I switched it up. Love the gray.
    The canopy is a little small.I haven't yet had an opportunity to really put
it to any wind test yet.Not a bad umbrella, but a little pricey for what it is.
    I purchased the red umbrella 2 years ago and my husband loves borrowing it
so after 2 years of using I decided to buy a 2nd.  I love that it's light weight
and I can carry it in my purse! This would make a nice gift too!
    This is a fine looking umbrella, which I bought due to its claims of being
'windproof.' I got it and of course it didn't rain for 3 weeks. The first day it
did, I took the umbrella with me and it literally was inside out within 15
seconds of use. Windproof? Not so much.
    I love this umbrella! I bought it for a trip to Europe. Takes up very little
room in suitcase and day bag. Opens up nice and wide and really repels the rain
AND wind. I am very happy with this purchase!!!
    Not as sturdy as advertised. I only used it a handful of times and the whole
thing broke. Nothing sucks as much as carrying a heavy umbrella only to have to
walk home in the rain because it broke (not from the wind at all!)
    Everything as promised
    Great.  Sturdy and compact.  Got one for each car.
    This is a great umbrella, and also after they left me two reminders to
review this on amazon they sent me a cute picture of a cat begging so I had to
leave a review. 10/10 cute cat.
    Seems pretty strong. Small enough to take with you. Umbrella is as expected.
    When it’s wet and you hit the button to close, be prepared to get wet!
    SO nice to finally be able to count on an umbrella that functons on all
levels. It opens and closes smoothly and easliy. The Repel umbrella doesn't turn
inside-out on you. Lightweight but feels so solid. Buy a few now!!! We have 3,
one for the car and one at each door.
    I have had this umbrella for about a year now. I have no complaints about
it. No more dollar store umbrellas for me!
    Opens and closes easily.  Seems very firm, strong and well constructed.
Looking forward to using it.
    Compact, convenient and has proven to be durable so far.
    The umbrella is not bad but it’s supposed to be windproof and the wind broke
it anyway
    We now have three of these umbrellas.  Their unique design allows them to
open and close with ease.  Best umbrellas we have owned!  We haven't used them
in a strong wind, but I am guessing they would do as well or better than  any
other product out there.
    My second one of these (I wanted 2). Great size, very easy to open, weather
resistant-only con is it's a bit tough to close. Overall great!
    It stopped raining right after I got the umbrella so I really haven't used
it yet. Opens and closes nicely. A little heavier than I expected.
    Perfect portable size. Easy to use. Opens and closes up quickly
    Well made and made to last.
    I like it.
    Previous reviewers were correct. Weighty and challenging to close .
    Best Umbrella i have ever bought. Stuck with me through the strongest winds
and rain.
    sturdy, stylish, small and light
    Love my umbrella, it is so much better than those old fashion umbrella you
have to manually push up with your hand.  This umbrella is easy to operate, you
just push one button with your thumb to open or closed your umbrella.
    Best umbrella I have owned! Very compact and durable. It also dried off
instantly-
    This umbrella is so hard to close, it’s worthless!
    Super great!
    Compact, yet large umbrella coverage. Just received, but mechanical auto
open and close appears very solid. A good buy with a discount for multiple
items.
    really like this umbrella.  easy to open/easy to close.  does not invert in
strong wind.
    Light weight,  open and close with bottom
    Very happy with the quality of this umbrella and I can't complain about the
lifetime warranty. Great product!
    Easy to use umbrella; only limited use so far but it's working great. Extra
star for great customer service - had an issue with the first umbrella I
received and the seller was extremely responsive and resolved the problem right
away.
    A great umbrella, withstands wind & water rolls right off!!
    The product is as described - lightweight but strong enough to hold its
shape in the wind.  Fair price, too.
    Umbrella works great. Only 4 stars because the picture and description
states double vented but the grey one I got was not double vented.
    Love the umbrella!!! Very easy to use and it iv very convenient that all you
have to do is press the button and the umbrella closes. This is a very handy
feature.
    Great umbrella.  Opens and closes nicely.  Good size canopy.  Perfect for
commuting!
    I live in a very windy area where the wind blows my umbrellas inside out,
but this one doesn’t budge.
    Came as advertised. Feels sturdy, although I haven't had a chance to test it
in the rain.
    Having gone through three cheap travel umbrellas since moving to the Pacific
Northwest since I moved here two years ago, I figured it was time to make an
investment in one with higher ratings.I was excited when my Repel arrived last
week, and tested it out. The quality was as described! I was even more excited
to try it out during the 1.5 mile walk portion of my daily commute to Seattle,
and with a strong, steady rainfall, that day is today.Halfway through my walk, a
sensation caused me to look at my left arm; from shoulder to elbow, my dress
shirt was saturated! I'm right-handed, and carry the umbrella a comfortable 3-4"
from my face. Once I moved the shaft about 1" away from my cheek, upon which it
bounced now and again, I was better covered. None of my cheaper travel umbrellas
had ever allowed my arms to get wet! If my left hand was swinging normally
instead of in my pocket, it got dripped on from the umbrella constantly too.I'm
not a large guy - 6'1", but totally average build.My bag, extending 4-6" from my
back was also pretty wet, but to be fair, it usually got wet with my other
umbrellas too. Setting the shaft on my shoulder helped cover it, but then my
Lumia smartphone got wet whenever I took it out to check the time.Seems like
quality as advertised, but an umbrella that doesn't keep me dry is no umbrella
at all. My multi-leg commute doesn't accommodate a golf umbrella, but any other
10-12" travel umbrella with a larger diameter will earn my business.
    Its holding up against Chicago winds; feels really solid.  Definitely a
great buy!
    No dislikes.  It is not too large; I can fit it in my purse.  It is not
bulky or too long.  I am very happy with this umbrella.
    Excellent quality, 100 % happy with it.
    Smaller than I needed
    So far so good.  Everything works as it suppose to. Really haven't had a
chance to use the umbrella in very windy conditions just yet. Main reason
umbrella was purchase; good in windy conditions. Overall good purchase.
    Super cute umbrella,love the light gray, and  works really well in the rain.
It definitely isn’t windproof though. Winds up to 40mph today and wouldn’t stop
from flipping inside out. So ended up super wet anyway. If you live somewhere
without winds, would definitely recommend.
    The only problem with the umbrella is I left the 1st one in a coffee shop.
That is why I had to buy another
    Seems very strong and it dries instantly. A couple of shakes and no more wet
umbrella.
    Great product, superior quality.
    Very well constructed umbrella. We will be taking with us to Ireland next
week so it should get some use.
    Nice sturdy and compact umbrella that holds up in windy conditions. Keeps me
dry and easily fits in purse.
    Beautiful umbrella; sturdy. Love the color too
    Purchased umbrella for travel and am very pleased.  Durable and lightweight,
easy to open and close.
    I use your product for rain snow fall now get it but  I like it so far
    It's a good product but a little bit heavy. Reason why I bought this, it's
for my son and put it in a backpack..
    It's an umbrella. Just know when fully extended its very shoto. I'm around
6ft and have to hold my hand at my shoulder height to keep it from hitting my
head.
    Great Umbrella. It feels very solid and the action on it is very snappy.
Very happy with my purchase.
    I had this umbrella for less than a month. Used it about 6 times and it
broke!!! I did buy two at the same time and one is fine but really disappointed
that one is already broken. I need to figure out the return policy on this.
    Compact, lightweight, and super durable!
    This thing is great. Sturdy, amazingly simple and easy to use, works well.
    I like that the umbrella is wind proof and is a nice size. I chose gray, and
I am pleased with the color.
    Haven't had a chance to test it in the rain yet, but the umbrella arrived
promptly, looks good and opens and closes easily.
    Sturdy umbrella!  Love it.
    Good quality
    Like every other umbrella, it keeps water off of me, but when it gets windy,
the umbrella tends to open too far and flip.n -> V|  |
    Great, handy umbrella. The color is nice, too.
    Great umbrella. Feels pretty sturdy actually. I thought it would be larger
than I pictured. It is larger than the average but not large enough to notice
    Excellent!!
    Very nice umbrella
    Broke on second use.  Trying to return as there is a lifetime warranty.
Does anyone know who to do that?
    Great product.
    Too small when open. However, it is easy to put into backpack.
    I ordered 2 umbrellas for Christmas presents for our 2 granddaughters.  I
tried them out and they are fantastic.  I know they will come in handy for them
in years to come.
    This umbrella is solid and has really held up so far. I walked through a
windy rainstorm in downtown San Francisco and umbrellas were inverting all
around me. Repel held up. Seems to dry faster too.
    Umbrella does not stay open! Went to use it for the first time and it
doesn’t work!!
    Heavy for traveling but windproofed
    I ordered gray, hoping to be as the picture shows. Not at all. The umbrella
is one solid ugly gray.
    The umbrella looks very durable. I have not tested it myself because it was
too small for me, but I gave it to my mom and she loves it. Still... wish it was
a bit bigger for me and my backpack
    Love this umbrella. I bought two
    Seems very sturdy. Not the tiniest travel umbrella out there but small
enough to fit in my medium sized purse. Would buy again-
    I thought this would be smaller and lighter weight but it is a very sturdy
umbrella.
    Just a good functional umbrella! Exactly as expected.
    Quick service, as described, lifetime warranty
    Amazing. It held up in the tornado storms in Dayton, Ohio.
    AWESOME!!! Umbrella is pretty dry when you go inside.
    Strong umbrella, though not really travel size, more like regular everyday
size.
    One hand control to open & more importantly, close. Perfect. I does
everything as advertised. Left my first one on the public bus so I had to buy
another. Love it & won't use any other until they stop making this.
    Second purchase from this company! Really liked my first one. One hand to
open and close makes running errands in the rain much easier! So far,no problem
with wind gusts either.
    Love this umbrella.  I volunteer at a zoo and someone stole mine there
recently, much to my dismay.  So I ordered the exact same one, same color gray.
    Awesome quality and easy to use, especially for a daily public transit user!
    Not flimsy AT ALL
    It hasn't rained yet but I'll be ready when it does! I've  practice opening
and closing the umbrella and everything works perfectly. Bring on the rain!
    Very pleased with color and durability. Easy to open and close. Fits nicely
in the pocket of my car door and my tote bag. Definite keeper.
    Nice umbrella.  Seems sturdy and nicely fits into your bag .  Love the gray
color
    Fits in my purse and keeps the rain off of me.
    Broke in a week
    I used this umbrella for my commute to and from work it has only lasted for
a few months before the tines broke  Very disappointed.
    Easy to use
    Very well made Umbrella
    Sturdy spacious umbrella which is easy to use
    Excellent umbrella! Fully opens with a press on the button, wide coverage
area, compact, and not very heavy. And it comes with a lifetime guarantee +
excellent customer service. Highly recommended.
    This is a very small umbrella and is very flimsy. Surprised by the positive
reviews
    Sun & Rain
    Strong, well made umbrella! Holds up well in stormy, windy conditions.
    Great umbrella. Just sad that I lost my last one and had to replace it!
    It's a good umbrella, would recommend
    Great product so far. I keep it in my bag with me everywhere I go. It has
good coverage and excellent strength in the wind.
    Excellent product fast delivery. Thank you.
    Loved the sturdiness of the product.
    From the photo you can see that top detail was lost after the very first
usage.
    Unbrella is in new condition. Very happy.
    Very sturdy.
    Handled major rain and wind just great...
    Holding up well so far, and the compact size is great.
    Effectively stops rain from pouring on my head. High quality and compact.
Does the job.
    Well made, small and light weight.  Great for backpack and traveling
    Umbrella arrived well packaged on and time, seems to be of good quality.
    It's just a general nice umbrella that's sturdy for normal rain and winds
    This would be great for my vehicle but not so much as one for my purse
    It hasn't rained yet but the product is very well made and opens and closes
easily. It appears to be quite sturdy and comes with an unconditional guaranty.
I like it.
    Heavy
    The umbrella is heavier than expected
    Works great in all weather and gusty winds.
    Used the umbrella 2-3 times and it completely broke! The whole handle fell
apart! Very disappointed.
    I tried using this umbrella for the first time last night.  It opened once
on my way to the restaurant.  Coming out of the restaurant, the button would not
work and the umbrella would not open.  The umbrella is not damaged in any
way...just won't open.  Terrible umbrella.
    So far so good! Haven't tested it in the wind as of yet but it's well built
!
    Excellent umbrella, compact, strong, well-made, and top notch customer
service from Upper Echelon.
    Great umbrella!
    Good umbrella for the price. I've used it now in two nasty Northwest Indiana
storms with no issue.
    Great product and extremely durable. Customer service was excellent as well.
    Button was broken upon arrival and umbrella wouldn’t stay open. Total waste!
    Easy to open and easy to close.  Very sturdy.
    I bought two of these and used them when it was stormy. They withstood the
hard wind beautifully.Yes you need both hands to close it, but this is expected
with the sturdy construction that it has.
    Ok price
    Nice umbrella but the black button on the top broke off the 1st use
    Bought for a trip to London. Worked flawlessly in wind and rain.
    Extends strongly, with large enough canopy for one person. Using this
umbrella with two people results in both people being partially exposed, but it
retracts to a comfortable, packable size. Excellent.
    No issues, seems good.
    Nice umbrella!
    Very good customer service.
    Just as described. Super compact. Super robust in wind. Best compact
umbrella I have used.
    Lightweight. One touch open and close. Maybe a tad too light.
    High quality
    It’s a very nicely built umbrella
    Well designed, engineered. It does everything an umbrella should do very
well.  Easy to operate.  I’m very happy with it.
    Sturdy, great size
    Perfect for everyday carry for work. Surprisingly large coverage area.
Lightweight but not flimsy. I was a Totes person but this umbrella is better.
    Does exactly what they say. Very solid construction.
    Mechanism feels solid
    Finally an umbrella that works.
    Looks like a great produce, hasn't rained since we purchased it.
    Love the teflon on the fabric, helps the umbrella dry much quicker than
previous. Hard to tell hong long that will last since it's a teflon coating, but
so far so good. The umbrella itself is constructed extremely well for the price.
The underlying ribs feel very solid and although I have not tested it on very
strong winds, for the price of the umbrella, you are really getting a quality
product. The auto open and close work are very crisp and responsive. I've
previously had the senz windproof umbrella, and although it looks super cool and
has withstood some very strong wings the odd shape caused it to get everything
wet when closing it.
    Great compact umbrella.  Feels sturdy and should be able to withstand strong
rain and wind.
    Small, light yet sturdy umbrella
    I like the Teflon fabric; no messy drips when folding the umbrella and it is
easy for me to close.  The size is perfect.
    Perfect
    I used it for the first time today - so far, so good.  Thanks!
    Sturdy, well made
    Nice small size and worked well for travel
    I love it but it’s small
    Excellent product. Excellent service.
    Great product
    Great Umbrella!  Worth the money!
    Product is easy to open and close, but haven't tried it out in the rain &
wind yet.
    great buy! works amazingly and I do not regret buying this product.
    Works great
    great umbrella
    Great product
    So far so good! Very ight weight and has withstood rain with decent winds.
Hasn't flipped over yet! Sometimes there's a seconds lag time to pop open when I
press the button, but not too bad! I'm a happy camper and I'm glad they have
lifetime warranty!!
    very well made.  Not as light and compact as I expected but it will last.
    Nice. Easy to use. Sturdy materials.
    Purchased an umbrella that broke in the wind.  So I got a refund on that one
and purchased this because it said strong.  I am so bummed, it may be durable,
but its so small in diameter.  Its pretty much worthless.  It looks like those
$4.99 Walgreen umbrellas but with good material.  I am not going to return it
because I don't want to upset amazon with a second umbrella return (I heard you
can get kicked out if you have many returns)  But its very very small.  It will
protect your hair only, not your body.  Remember, rain does not come down
straight all the time.
    Havent really been tested yet, but not really liking how short the handle
is. Has a slight color stain about the size of a dime on it too. Havent decided
on returning yet.
    wind in san francisco turned this inside out in about 5 seconds...you get
what you pay for
    Too hard to get umbrella retracted. Tried some WD40 to no avail. My wife
ended up bending the main rod when she pushed down on it in an attempt to
retract the umbrella.
