    浴室でラジオを聴きたく、いろんな製品を試した。結論からいうと、このジャンルにはまともな製品がなかった。音が悪かったり、安っぽかったり。一番良かった大手メ
ーカーの防水ラジオは、なかなか良かったが、１ヶ月で、スイッチが入らなくなった。浴室というのは、難しいのかもしれない。今回のこの製品は、値段が安くてあまり期待して
なかったが、一番良かった。音質がそこそこだし、ボリュームが大きい。シャワーの音に負けない。サイズが小さく、上品。このまま、使い続けられたらよいが。なお、バッテリ
ーは、この手のは電池が多いが、これは充電式である。
    防水のBluetooth小型スピーカーは世に数あれど、これはプラスでFMラジオも聞ける凄いやつ！しかも格安（私は1299円で購入）！！説明書を読まずにス
マホとの接続からラジオの局合わせまで直感的に操作できました。買った値段も値段だったので期待していなかった音は想像を遥かに超えて良く、何よりラジオを聞く際に別途ア
ンテナを接続する必要なく本体のみで電波を拾えて且つ音質がかなりクリアであることに感動しました。
    浴室テレビのスピーカーが壊れたので、購入。起動と終了の音声が不必要にデカくて残念ですが、それ以外は優秀です。安物のトランスミッター(5.0)を繋いだTV
から飛ばしたBluetoothと簡単に繋がってくれて、音質も良好です。遅延も気にならない程度でした。耐久性はこれから。
    今年の２月頃に前機種を購入し、問題なく使えていますが、気に入っているので色違いの改善版を購入しました。Bluetoothモードでストリーミング再生したり
、TFカード（microSD）に落とした音楽を聴くのに重宝しています。手のひらサイズもいいですし、サイズに似合わない高音質だと思います。１度だけ風呂で使いました
が問題なし。いままでも不満がなかったので改善の効果は不明です。
    bluetooth接続は何も考えなくてもあっという間に繋がる！音質も全然問題無し！とてつもなく良い音を期待していた訳ではないけど、想定以上に音質良くて大
満足です。充電ポートを防水しているフラップが締め切られてないまま梱包されてましたが、まぁ、保証もあるし閉めてたらちゃんと基に戻るかな？…と。保証付なのが更にいい
ですね。
    Nice clear sound and a robust design. My child has got hold of it and given
it a test, so its pretty tough. The attachment makes it easy to hang off a belt
loop or a hook in the bathroom. Not for people who like their speakers to be
bass heavy, but delivers a very clean and clear sound.
    農作業や入浴時に使用するために購入しました。SDカードに保存した音楽ファイルやBluetoothでスマホのラジコを聞いてます。音質も申し分ないです。FM
ラジオはワイド帯のみ地方なので1局のみ、おまけですね。防水については蓋のはまり具合が心配ですが、この価格のスピーカーとしてはコスパは良いのではないでしょうか。
    This is a great water-resistant speaker for the price. I've been using it in
my shower for a while now and have had no issues. The speaker is small enough to
fit on the side of my bathtub, yet the sound quality is really nice. I
definitely recommend it!
    お風呂の時に使いたくて購入しました。ONにした時の音質を聞いた時は少し心配しましたがYouTubeを流したら全然きれいに聞こえました！シャワーをがっつり
かけるということはないですが濡れた手でスイッチいれても壊れる様子もなく、スイッチ自体シンプルで分かりやすいので使いやすいです！
    耐水性については風呂場で利用したが湯船に浸けてないのでどこまでの耐水性があるか分からないが現状、音質、低温、操作性については価格見合いで良い。ただ、起動
時の音声が大きいのがたまにきずだが、外では問題ないと思われる。
    毎年3月になるとアマゴ釣りにラジオの入らない渓流に入ります。熊よけに鈴なんかもつけていますが何か良いものが無いか探していたところSDカードも使えるし防水
機能もよい様なので購入しました。一応風呂に落として確認しましたが大丈夫でした。ラジオもオートスキャンで+か-長押しでちゃんと聴くことが出来ました。これで好きな演
歌聴きながらアマゴ釣り出来そうです。
    入浴中と運転中にラジコを聴きたくて購入しました。他のレビューと同様、音が大きく聴きやすい。ただ、本体でのFM
機能は上手くいかず諦めました😅価格もお手頃だし買って正解⭕
    お風呂場でラジオ、音楽を聴き、リラックスしたい。お風呂場はラジオ電波が届きにくく、音質も悪く、良い商品が無かった。これはブルートゥースでラジコ、音楽が聴
ける。スマホを風呂場で使える感じラジコ、ライン電話、音楽など素晴らしい。これから使い始めるが防水性に期待しています。
    他社Bluetoothイヤホンを5種類購入しましたが、すべて使い物にならなかった。今回も価格が安いのでダメもとで注文しましたが、昨日商品が届きました。大
変満足しています。徹夜で音楽を聴いてしまいました。朗読聴いても聞きやすい音質で大満足です。モード切替の時の英語案内の音が少し大きすぎるのが気になります。
    値段を考えたら満足できるレベルだと思います。Bluetoothスピーカー全般に言えるかもしれませんが、起動音が少しうるさいです。AUXへの切り替えが少し
煩わしいのと（物理スイッチにするかAUX接続時は有線優先にしてほしい）、BluetoothとAUXの音量調節の仕様がわかりづらい。
    5年前くらいに似たような商品を購入したが、子供に取られてしまったため自分用に再購入しましたが時代の進歩を感じます。操作も簡単で迷うことはありません。Vo
lは1度、次の曲＆前の曲は2度押しです。背面から低音が出てますので壁に近づけると低域が増します。
    旅行などで家用のスピーカーを持っていく機会が多いので、新しく購入しました。・コンパクトで持ち運びに便利・音質も安定している・防水なので屋外でも使用しやす
い・簡単操作購入してよかったです♪
    安いのに音質は普通に綺麗です。手持ちのスピーカーよりBluetoothの調子も良く音が途切れることも今のところほぼないです。見た目も変にゴテゴテしてなく
ていいですね。
    お風呂場でも問題なく好きな音楽が楽しめます。音も思った以上に良かったです。
    研ぎ澄まされたコンセプトマシン、アルミ製ボディー、機能の斬新な割り切りもグッド。感無量。
    想像以上に音が良く、この価格ならコスパ高い！
    説明書が日本語じゃなくてわかりません
    音が良く音圧も満足
    なかなかよい
    いいよー！
    商品が届いてすぐに数時間充電後、変な日本語の説明書読みながら電源を入れた。キーボタン長押し２秒で爆音のアナウンスが一瞬鳴ったがスマホのブルートゥースのペ
アリングができない。で、電源入ってるのかも切れてるのかもわからない状態なので何度か電源ボタン押したが、もうアナウンスも鳴らない。もう一度充電一晩してみたが、充電
完了すると消えるらしい赤ランプは点いたまま。翌日はマホがそのブルートゥーススピーカーを表示すらしなくなり・・・。これは不具合なの？高評価のレビューがこんなにある
割に全然やん。添付の説明書に『★５つの高評価レビューしてくれたらスピーカーをもう１つプレゼント』て書いてあったので、それでもう１個もらおうかとも考えたが、また不
具合のが届いてもイヤなので結局即返品しました。★はゼロ個だとレビューできないので★１つ仕方なく入れてます。
    買わない方がいいです。すぐ捨てました。まずとっても臭い。IPX7防水規格らしいので流水で洗うと良いでしょう。起動・制止音が音割れ爆音音量固定されているの
で、睡眠時は良い目覚ましになるでしょう。SDカード再生しか試してないですが音は小さくすればそれなり、ただ値段的にぼったくりまつぼっくり。こんなん買うくらいだった
ら、3,000円くらいでかなり良いのがゴロゴロ転がってるのでそちらを買いましょう。
    お風呂のくつろぎ用として購入しました。安いので想定していた通りのレベルかな。■良い点・音楽を聴く分には充分な音量がある。■悪い点・都内ですが、ラジオはま
ともに入りません。・iPhoneとBluetoothペアリング出来たり出来なかったりする。・電話会議で使いましたが、マイクが途切れる。・電源ON/OFFの音が大
きくてびっくりする。
    電源のオンオフの時に爆音の英語が流れる。調整もできないのがマイナスなところです。
    不具合商品でした。
    見てくれと価格で購入。以前アンカー製を使用しており同レベルを想定していましたが音はこもるわ割れるわで最悪です。使用早々USB接続口が破損、充電できなくな
りご臨終。
    Bluetoothの接続がスムーズです。隣の部屋の人から苦情が出そうなくらい大きい音もワレれずに出ます。音質も素人の私には満足のいくものでした。値段は格
段にこちらが安い。もう一台買おうかな。
    使用開始１ヶ月たたずに充電できなくなりました。がっかりです。
    低音はもちろん高音の再生も良い。私は高品質の音楽を連続して再生することができます。音が大きくて、車を運転していても音楽が聞こえます。しかし、モノラルのボ
リュームのデザインはこの価格に合っていると思います。完全無線です。いい製品です。
    I'm very happy with this speaker. It has good volume, and can be set very
high; perfect for listening to music, e-audiobooks, and radio in the shower. It
pairs with my smartphone almost instantly, and lets me keep my phone a safe
distance from the shower steam. The volume controls are simple and responsive.
The sound quality is very decent.It's bigger and chunkier than I expected, but
that's not a negative; it still hangs in my shower easily and doesn't take up
any surface room. I've only used it a few times, so I can't really comment on
the battery life, but it is still going strong after a few long, half-hour
showers, so it's more than adequate for me.I'd recommend this speaker if you're
after something portable and loud.
    So I’m altering my review of this speaker.I gave it five stars because the
product creator offered me a free one if I gave the speaker 5 Stars.I’m altering
it to three three stars, because I didn’t get the speaker.So here is my truthful
review. When playing the music on my phone it sounds Great. Yes it has a solid
build. However, the Bluetooth only works some of the time, and the radio is
rubbish. It doesn’t matter if you put the AUX cable in or not. In AUX mode the
music comes out quieter than it does in Bluetooth mode.Finally considering this
speaker has good reviews, and considering that inside the box there is a card
that says ‘if you give it a five star rating you will get a free speaker’ it
makes me feel that people have only given it five stars in order the get the
free speaker.
    Used it with the original battery charge and it was great, great  sound,
easy to use. I looked forward to taking on my holiday. Today the day before my
flight the battery dies so I go to charge it. The lead provided doesn’t work. I
try another lead I have. It works for a moment but when I put it down the light
goes out. Now all it does is say “battery low, please charge”  then turns off. I
don’t have time to order another speaker and I don’t really want to spend any
more ones when I have already! Really disappointed.
    Bought 3 of these, one to replace our speaker in the shower and the other
two for putting away for Christmas.Opened them all up to test, all bar one
worked, it only buzzed (returned and refunded).The speaker connects via
Bluetooth very easily (fyi if you go for a shower and it does connect, this
means it needs a charge).The sound from it is very very good.Good base on it,
and very clear sound (enough to drown out my singing).We have three corner
shelves in our shower, the top shelf is about at 5'6" and hang it from this, it
does get splashed and the sound has been consistent.The only thing I wish it had
was coloured buttons, as they are black on black, but a wee dot of acrylic paint
helped that.Would buy again
    ***EDIIT*** I bought this item in August 2020 and its now October 2020, the
charge port has fallen inside the unit so cannot charge. Very poor build. Invest
in something better. Photo attached. ***EDIT***Nice little solid speaker. The
sound is not as good as a Bose speaker but it is nice to have some background
noise while working from home. It is also nice that it tells you when it needs
to be charged.I had bought this thinking it had a radio however after reading
the instructions the plain black ones does not have a radio feature. So a little
disappointing but I can't fault it.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      impressive little portable
speaker. its lightweight, extremely travel friendly and flippable to a bag. its
ideal for sharing music when out in the park, garden or even to yourself in your
bedroom.charging takes around 3-4 hours and the battery has lasted me 3 weeks of
almost daily use and not yet died. the bluetooth on this speaker is great too,
pairs pretty much instantly upon turning on (to the last device is was connected
to).as i mentioned earlier, its very travel friendly, and very waterproof. i can
attest to this, having dropped it in not one, but three puddles on a recent
ramble!
    This is now my 3rd speaker the price is so good for such a high quality
speaker after the first speaker I didn’t even try get a free speaker it’s cheap
as it isThe build quality of the product feels excellent, it has a nice weight
to it.  The sound quality is brilliant also.Brilliant base super sound quality
loud had to turn it down a bit in bathroom will be buying more at this priceIt
has a handy clip feature
    This speaker has great sound and works well in the shower. I am particularly
impressed with the speaker having an SD card option as well as FM radio! This
sets it apart from,  and is an improvement on most other available Bluetooth
speakers. The FM radio works, but I was only able to pick up a few stations.
When I first turned it on, I was somewhat startled by a loud voice announcing
that the speaker was in Bluetooth mode. This could have been more subtle.
Otherwise a fantastic product.Update: I have now tried the stereo mode with two
linked speakers with fantastic results!
    This is a really good wireless Bluetooth speaker with a great range, I love
the colour blue but is also available in 2 other colours. The sound quality is
really good & very clear, I like the fact that it’s also waterproof and also has
the added bonus of having fm radio built in too.I would highly recommend if you
are looking for a compact speaker with great sound quality
    I bought this as it was 5w power and had decent reviews while ticking boxes
for shower suitability.Once it arrived and I played music for the first time I
actually grinned and was pleasantly surprised by the sound coming out. For an
inexpensive, small, rechargeable speaker... It packs a decent wee punch.On a
side note, the photo is just advice to be careful putting the carabiner in... My
ones silicone ripped when I wasn't even being harsh with it.Apart from that,
great wee speaker!Perfect for camping or the back garden or similar.
    Bought with a view to enjoying some tunes while in the shower - so the IPX7
rating. Also selected because the reviews of sound quality were good (better
than some speakers 3 x the price) and feedback specifically suggested sound
wasn't bass-heavy. Tried it straight out of the box, paired effortlessly with my
phone...and I was really impressed with the sound! It doesn't have dominant base
- just a decent balanced sound and easy to achieve good volume. It's small but
not tiny and has a solid feel about it. Seems to be good quality for the price.
A test run in the shower where it was splashed but not submerged and all seems
okay. You have to make sure you tightly seal the flap that protects the various
sockets. All in all very pleased with the purchase. Can't comment on battery
life at this stage.
    For its size, this speaker produced a good sound, it’s not too tinny, it’s
not too heavy on the base.it’s made of quality, premium feeling materials, the
rubber does not feel cheap and the metal case provide a sense that it will
withstand the occasional drop or knock (not that I’ve tried this).connecting to
my phone was easy. just turn it on and look for the device on your phone.the
buttons and various connectors as well concealed with the rubber and, while I
would not want to submerge it in the bath, I am confident that you could pour
water on it and it would still work.my only criticism is that that the Bluetooth
can add some extra latency to the audio, so it can seem like the audio has a
slightly delayed. thought this is more of an issue with the Bluetooth technology
that the speaker itself.
    I didn't expect too much from this speaker for the price but was pleasantly
surprised.  It makes a horrible distorted wake up message which I thought would
indicate the sound from the speaker but the quality is actually very good.  I
have another bluetooth speaker which cost me three times as much and the sound
is just as good.  I've not had it long enough to test the battery life, but have
used it for many hours since I got it and it is still on the charge it had in it
when it was delivered.  I also can't vouch for its waterproof abilities either.
But all in all, I would definitely recommend it.
    Ordered this speaker for our 5 year old because it was really cheap and we
thought "he'll only break it anyway". The speaker arrived today and I am really
impressed with it. Not only do I not have to worry about him breaking it ( it's
really robust with a rubberised casing around the edge - although the primary
function of this is to create a waterproof seal, I'm sure it will also provide
some protection against accidental droppages), but at a touch over a tenner,
this speaker has great sound quality and volume - not loud enough to host a full
on disco but plenty loud enough to listen to your tunes or audio books in a
decent sized room quite comfortably.I used the speaker with Bluetooth and Aux in
connections and both worked flawlessly. Volume was controllable from the source
device and the speaker itself in both modes.For a purchase that was flippantly
made for a 5 year old to break, I'm so impressed I'm going to buy another one
for myself.
    So the speaker is heavier than I expected, and made of good quality
materials. The seal around the ports is brilliant - I use mine in the shower
every day!! The sound is louder than I anticipated, which I'm sure my neighbours
appreciate as they can now no longer hear my abysmal singing every morning! It's
easy to set up, and easy to use. The clip is great for keeping the speaker where
you want it. Overall, an amazing speaker for the price and quality. Loving it!!
    This little radio is very compact and has a neat design. It charges up very
quickly via the usb and it linked very easily to Bluetooth .The sound is very
good for such a small radio, as It is neither muffled or tinny and the volume is
adjustable to a suitable level.The instructions included are very easy to follow
but not necessarily in the order you might wish to apply them so it is a good
idea to read them through to the end before attempting to switch the radio on
.We purchased this as a permanent fixture to hang in our Arbour as it is also
waterproof so we can happily leave it out in the garden.Thank you.
    At this price point, this is one of the very best performing speakers I have
had the pleasure to use. Good bass alongside clear higher frequencies. Easy to
pair and use.The auto turn-off is great way of saving battery, but could be
frustrating in some applications.The socket cover is fine against rain/shower
but the IPX7 rating (protection against immersion up to 1m for up to 30 mins) is
reliant on no dust or similar around the seal, which will be difficult to
achieve in a real home. However, even after a period of real-home use it should
still perform to IPX6 (nor harmful ingress under powerful jets of water) - so
still good for use in a shower/bathroom setting.Overall, I'm very pleased with
this purchase and particularly good VFM.
    This speaker is excellent.  The sound quality is surprisingly solid.  It can
handle everything from Abba to ZZ Top, stopping off at Metallica on the way.  It
is waterproof, and although I didn't do the depth or duration (my bath is only
so deep), it was fine after a dip, so if you accidentally drop it in the bath,
it will be fine. It packs a punch with the volume, and does not distort when on
maximum. The range was good, and it reconnected very quickly with no fuss. The
build quality is sturdy, and the carabiner that comes with it is of good
quality.I am very impressed with this speaker.
    This is amazingI bought this to listen to stuff in the shower but I now use
it everywhere it is better than any speaker I have used before .the sound
quality is very good and the sound quality is crisp even in the water .How it
worksIt has a silicone cover almost around the edge of the speaker and over the
charging port which keeps the water out .It is a very sleek design and is very
compact not any bigger than the palm of my hand the climbing clip on the side
means you can hang it up or put it in the ground which is perfectOverall it’s a
brilliant speaker lasts for like 10 hours on medium volume and is water
resistant so no worries about dropping it or splashing it .
    This is the second one I’ve bought because it’s such a good product. The
first one I bought to use at work the new one is for home. I’m a landscape
gardener and can vouch for the dust and waterproofing, it’s quite a tough little
thing. It has very good sound quality with plenty of bass and is quite loud too.
It has a really good Bluetooth range and the fm radio has great reception.
Highly recommend!
    I absolutely love this speaker. I wanted something I could connect to my
laptop for meetings so I could move around the house and something to use
outside for music. This is perfect. The sound is great for spoken word and
music. Build quality feels really good. I’ve been using it solidly for 2 days
and still haven’t needed to charge. I really like the carabiner clip too so much
better than a string.
    Bought this as I needed the aux jack for connecting to a USB turntable,
which my usual (more expensive) speaker doesn't have. Wasn't sure it would work,
but it sounds great and is actually really quite loud. Will also be great
outdoors in the summer where it can be clipped onto garden chair or onto a bag
if going to beach or park.
    Purchased for use in our bathroom while taking a soak! Was a bit dubious
beforehand on what the sound quality would be like with the price but it is
perfect. Clear sound and picks up fine from phone. It’s nice and compact so
doesn’t take up much room but is certainly up to the job. Only use for an hour a
day but the battery life seems fine and haven’t had to recharge. Will be using
out in the garden come summer. Can’t fault anything and would recommend.
    Wow wow WOW! What an impressive sound for such a small product. Sound
quality is fantastic, the build is great quality and feel solid. Battery life
once charged will easily last you the whole day. I’m so impressed...and for the
price I feel I’ve got a bargain. Highly recommended m, 5 stars!
    Sounds great when listening to podcasts in the shower and is a lot louder
then most other Bluetooth speakers I've used,  haven't had to charge in since it
arrived either.  It feels solidly built and has a great feature that turns off
the speaker if it hasn't been used for about 5 minutes.
    It's really good and loud playback smooth from my tf card also Bluetooth, I
am also happy that is waterproof
    Brilliant little speaker. I like to be able to listen to the radio whilst at
work and previous speakers I've had normally need a USB cable plugged to act as
an antenna but this little radio doesn't need it making it perfect.Sound quality
is decent and loud enough for such a tiny unit.Comes with a handy clip to attach
to my toolbox. All in all perfect
    A brilliant little speaker! Well worth the price! Will be buying another to
test the pairing.Perfect for holidays, camping, hiking, out on the boat!Very
impressed
    Quite a chunky little speaker but has excellent sound quality.  The only
thing is there is this horrible voice in French I think, telling you pairing has
taken place. If you don't mind this, then its a good buy.
    There is definitely a reason why it says resistance as only came into
contact with water in bath and no longer works, and yes I have tried charging
several times. This is poorly described or rather effectively vage in their
description!
    Love the speaker, wanted it to be able to play songs in the shower or when
relaxing in the bath and this is perfect. Sound is very good which was something
I worried about for the cost of the device but I was pleased. Bass sounds good
too.
    Powerful little speaker. Very easy to use. Happy with how it was packaged,
instructions easy to understand. Lots of different ways to connect to your media
player (bluetooth and cable options). Physically it feels strong and hard
wearing. Great value for money. I can recommend (and I have high standards!) :-)
    A very good price for such a quality device! Construction is solid and feels
robust. Sound quality surprisingly high for such a price. Easy to pair and
operate. Recommended
    I've previously bought one of these for the bathroom/shower.The water
protection, portability, good battery life and decent volume and sound quality
meant we ended up taking it out for picnics and use in the car (for audio books
and streaming from my phone).I got tired of leaving that speaker in the car when
I needed it in the bathroom, so bought this one to leave in the car. After all,
it's not particularly expensive! Well worth the outlay.
    Great speaker for the price. One thing that could be improved is the ability
to manually enter pairing mode or disconnect from the current device as its
quite annoying when there are multiple people using it. Other than that, its
been under the shower and it works great, cant comment on battery life yet as i
only use it 10 mins at a time in the shower. Sound quality is similar to what
youd get from a TV
    Great little speaker, does exactly what it's supposed to. For a very cheap
speaker the sound quality is great and it can be very loud. Haven't tested the
waterproofness yet but will update if that happens. Seems well made and a sturdy
little unit
    I bought this to replace a shower speaker I'd had for a few years that had
started playing up.This is a great little speaker. Great for the shower. I keep
it as far away from the water as possible.Connects on an instant after the
initial pairing.Good sound quality for the size and price!Love the clip, I
clipped it to my rucksack when roller blading!
    Ordered this for my shed, so I can listen to music while working. Sound
quality is great, and the bluetooth range is fantastic, other speakers would
disconnect when i nipped inside but this one stays connected wherever i go in
the house. can answer my phone through it, skip tracks, go to previous tracks.
and if you have 2 you can connect them together!No complaints :)
    I love this product so much.It’s has perfect sound and volume.The water
resistant is so good.It’s so portable I go for bike rides and it’s perfect.It
connects so easily and I love the way it sounds.
    Excellent little speaker.Looked for ages to find a Bluetooth speaker as I
want something louder than my phone when outdoors. This is perfect.Really
impressed by how robust it seems. It feels very solid.Connects really quickly
and the sound quality and volume is way better than what you would expect at
this price.Recommended.
    This speaker is excellent so far, I've had 0 issues thus far. The Bluetooth
connected instantly and continues to do so. Additionally, the sound quality is
just as good in the shower and not distorted. Great speaker, would 100%
recommend!
    Connected in seconds, amazing sound - way better than my old one! Great
value, the sound is like a much more expensive speaker.
    Meh!Sound is ok. But there are better speakers.You get what you payu
    Neat size and very powerful. I bought for a garden party and I’m very
impressed. I would definitely recommend.
    Love the fact that the music can be loaded onto a memory chip and played
direct without having to use bluetooth from the phone, thereby saving phone
battery.Dependent upon volume level, speaker will last around 9 hours on a full
charge.
    Fantastic little speaker for the shower or anywhereThe carabiner is a lovely
added touch and I love that it has some weight to it 👍Easy to use out of the
box, very basic controls and Bluetooth connectivitySo far so good...I'll update
my review with the battery life details
    Bought for my skateboarding son for Christmas so he can have tunes on the
go, good portable size, good sound quality reasonable price.
    Only had this speaker for a few days but it looks, feels and sounds great to
me.  Only slight issues are the instructions could be clearer and I hadn't
realised the black version does not come with FM. I hadn't bought it for FM use
and it was flagged up on Amazon, so my fault. For the price, I'm very happy with
it.
    This is a very good speaker. It connected very quickly, easily and has
plenty of volume.
    This speaker is fantastic, used as a shower speaker it’s fully waterproof
and the sound is amazing with deep bass and crystal clear sound. Easy to connect
and control and the build is very sturdy. I have had it nearly 3 weeks and still
running on its first charge. This is a great little speaker.
    very good sound and water resistant
    Excellent speaker sound quality is amazing lot better than a hifi speakers
delivery on time next day works perfectly micro sd aux and Bluetooth 5 stars
    The speaker has good quality and volume range.  The clip allows for easy
transport by clipping to a belt loop or bag handle.
    Sound quality is great, very surprised because of the size. Works great in
the bathroom when having a shower.
    after one week the speaker doesn't sound like before . poor quality
    Well built little speaker with a good battery life, and reassuring water
resistance protection. The sound quality is very good for such a small speaker
and turns up quite loud without distortion. Use it round the house every day.
Great product better than my much more expensive speaker!
    I bought this for when I'm working on building sites. I can link it to my
phone and clip it to a belt loop and have music all day with no heavy radio to
lug around. Loud enough for a building site and great sound quality
    Came charged so was able to try it in the shower more easily. Sound is loud
enough to hear in shower for the audiobook that I wanted to listen to
    The speaker is quiet good, however it runs out of battery rather quick and
when its almost done it keeps interrupting the song with "batter low pease
charge".
    This is a sturdy and compact, yet suitably loud speaker with a very helpful
clip. I didn't have any issues connecting to my phone and it has charged pretty
quickly. My shower's very loud so this has finally meant that I can hear my
music again!
    Love this for the Barth room
    Speaker was delivered promptly, and well packaged. Easy to set up and
connect to my Bluetooth devices. Excellent battery life and Sound quality at top
volume is good. For the price, a very good little speaker. Would recommend!
    For the price an excellent speaker! Decent sound quality and battery life -
perfect for throwing in a bag to knock around on the beach!
    Fantastic. Plays my music from my phone very loud and clear.
    Seems well made, battery life and water resistance still to be tested.
Overall, looks to be a good buy!
    Doesn't work as a radio
    This Speaker Is Amazing! Its Got Great Sound Quality And You Can Feel The
Base Through The Speaker, Powerful Little Speaker, Would 100% Recommend Plus Its
WaterProof Which Is Awesome
    Good build and sound quality for the price. Obviously can not compare with
top quality speakers but no complain on the sound. And one full charge of
battery seems can last forever. Great product.
    I mainly use this product for playing music louder than my phone can go, it
is amazing for the price, I highly recommend this to anyone who wants a great
speaker for little price.
    For something this size it gives out some sound and bass! I'm glad I got
this purchase. Would highly recommend it.
    I love that this speaker has given me the ability to listen to podcasts and
songs in the shower. It is a solid piece of kit that has been a joy to listen
to.
    The speaker is compact and easy to use. It has a brilliant bass and treble
with a clear, brilliant quality of sound. Good design which includes an easily
attachable hook and it is easy to charge.
    Great fast delivery, easy to turn on and connect. Really happy with my
Bluetooth and little handle thing is such a great feature as It makes it easy to
carry along anywhere.
    This speaker is a nice design, compact, and has great sound quality.Quick to
charge and last a long time, and can be quite loud too.Would definitely
recommend this product.
    Great speaker with fantastic volume! Compact, nice looking and a perfect
portable music companion!
    Amazing power for its size! Well impressed with sound quality! Great
portable speaker. Really great value for what you pay for. Definately recommend
this.
    This speaker has fantastic sound with a good bass for its size. Its very
well built and packs a punch too, works well as laptop tv or phone speaker. I
give this speaker a ten out of ten
    Sound quality was good, goes louder than expected for a small speaker.Does
the job! Would recommend
    Amazing speaker! Just what I needed! Perfect in the shower and I can use it
at work when I do the dishes. Honestly life changer having a reliable waterproof
speaker
    Excellent little speaker. Great value for money and really swift delivery.
Would recommend.
    Got the speaker for Xmas and it is brilliant! For such a small device, I
didn’t anticipate how loud the speaker is and the sound quality is excellent
    Bought this for the bathroom. I like to listen to podcasts when getting
ready in the morning and always pause them whilst showering. Now I don't have
to!
    Very good
    Product was exactly what I wanted. I haven't used it in the shower yet but
will do so soon. Great product at a great price, what more do you need?
    Only used for 1 week but the sound volume and quality have exceed my
expectations for that price!.
    I like this Bluetooth speaker. sound quilty is very nice and battery life is
also very good.my family like this so much.thank you.
    Arrived swiftly and does exactly as described. Only used a couple of times,
but very happy with purchase. Very reasonably priced.
    Superb sound quality, deep bass and great build quality, especially for the
price. The carry clip comes in handy also. Pleased with the purchase and would
buy again.
    Great sound quality i use it outside for the window projector effects.sounds
good esp when walking past the window
    Really impressed with this speaker given the low cost. Impressive sound for
its size. Seems fully waterproof so far. Would recommend.
    Actually very impressed with the build quality. Sounds good too! I would
definitely recommend.
    This was a great speaker. Just as good as more expensive branded ones. Very
easy to operate. Sound and battery life is exceptional good.
    Loved this product!!! Really useful for shower dancing and singing!! Ace
look of it and very good sound. Highly reccomeded.
    Excellent quality, easy to use and brilliant sound
    Very impressed with this little speaker. Excellent sound quality, and the
customer service was great! Highly reccomend.
    A very nice little speaker that you can take around with you. LIght,
waterproof, functional! Highly recommended.
    I was really pleased with my purchase.Nice and stylish. Not too heavy, so
ideal for holidays, camping and outdoor use
    Great little speaker. Good sound quality, very durable. Currently used as a
speaker whilst in the shower. No issues so far
    Really good speaker. Good battery life and sounds clear, even in the shower.
I'd recommend getting this one.
    Really pleased with this, easy connection and good sound. Really nice
product for the price. Recommended.
    I would definitely recommend this Bluetooth speaker either for you or as a
gift for the music lover in your family❤️
    Unbelievable sound! I didn’t expect such quality for this cheap bargain!
Amazing speaker!
    Compact, great sound. Ideal for what we needed it for and easy to use. Would
buy again
    Quick delivery, great sound quality, easily connected to bluetooth
    The product is quite compact with great bass sound is good too
    Good quality and well made, the sound is great too
    Really good speakers for the price. Waterproof and sound quality decent.
Would highly recommend.
    Great speaker I brought it for my bathroom is fab
    Good sound for a little box! Waterproof and portable good cheap buy!
Reccomend
    Great sound quality in the shower and pairs very easily to my phone. Simple
to use and perfect price.
    Good sound and nice design. Very powerful volume! Useful for listening to
your music while having shower.
    Fantastic!  Very respectable sound for such a small device.  Well built,
too!
    Decent sound quality, well built and great battery life. Perfect for the
shower.
    the cell phone time is disconnected. I did the test on my note 9 and on an
apple and still gives the same problem.
    Really happy with this purchase, quality sound and good battery life. Would
recommend.
    A lovely speaker.  Great sound it’s a joy air Guitar in the showerVery
pleased
    Its a great little speaker, value for money and a great sound. Good battery
life.
    Good volume level for such a small device 👌
    Love this little speaker!! Sound bass and quality are so good !!
    Great sound quality, highly recommend! Easy to use and highly waterproof.
    Sounds quality good for the price!
    Good speaker with good sound. Does the job in the shower
    Very nice speaker great quality very loud and clear nice bit of kit cant be
more happy.
    This speaker works perfectly. Quality is superb and connects to bluetooth
seamlessly
    A really solid and well made speaker, connected well to my mp3 player and
phone
    So easy to use it was ready to be used once out the box love it already.
    Great speaker and easy to use. Bluetooth range is very impressive.
    Great waterproof speaker for the price
    Decent speaker for the money
    Very good sound quality. Such a good buy!!!
    Sound quality is amazing, looks stylish, small and compact
    Does what it says on the tin...
    Great sound and definitely worth the money
    Works beautifully and it’s perfect for my needs
    does the job and does it well
    good waterproof speaker
    Perfect sound quality same when under water
    This is a decent speaker for the price.
    Brilliant speaker.
    Excellent little speaker! Perfect!
    Perfect little item
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      No me esperaba un sonido
tan potente y claro en un altavoz tan pequeño. Los bajos se escuchan
perfectamente!Construcción muy sólida, perfecto para la ducha o para llevar
fuera de casa.  El mosquetón para colgar es también robusto y bastante ancho,
permite colgarlo casi de cualquier parte. Muy contento con las compra, una de
las mejores que he hecho en Amazon. Lo recomiendo totalmente!
    Non ho provato con acqua per resto funziona bene
    Es perfecto, me encanta
    Cracking little speaker! Great sound, great look. Not tested waterproof
ability just yet. Very easy to set up.
