    可もなく不可もなく、これといっていいところも悪いところも見つからない。まぁほんとに値段相応。自分みたいにすぐなくしたり壊したりする人間にはちょうどかな
    ほんまにひどい！なんでこんなに口コミがいいのか分かりません。まだ買って二週間ほどしか経っていませんが、音楽聴いてると歌手の声だけ聴こえなくなりました。1
00均のイヤホン方がまし、、、
    電話が取れるのはいいと思う。ノイズキャンセリングって書いてたのにバスの声とか車の音とかバッチリ聞こえて普通のイヤホンと変わらない
    この値段でこの音質ならコスパ高いと思う。これで耐久性が良ければ言うこと無いと思う。
    プラグの接触が悪く、片方からしか聞こえなくなる。
    素材も、しっかり！使いやすさgood！チェーンは邪魔でしたので、取っ払いました(笑)
    使いやすい
    音のキレがいい。低音域も十分。寝室の暗いところでも左右の色がわかる。絡まりにくいコード。コスパ優れる。（1ヶ月で自然故障しました。当たりハズレによるもの
か、そのような脆弱な設計によるものか、は不明。11/19 追加。星 5個から減らします。）
    I bought a house sign in February 2018 from KSmart Sign Ltd via Amazon,
which initially I was pleased with, it looked very smart.  However the stand
offs and covers have now deteriorated and have become very unsightly.  I
contacted  K Smart Sign Ltd sending them the attached photo, and to advised them
of my issue, and to ask if they could supply me with stainless steel stand offs
and covers, or refunded me the purchase price. They informed me "the sign has
been outside in all weather types for 2.5 years, there was no guarantee on this
product". This product is sold to be used outside (in all weathers)!  I would
expect a house sign to last longer than 2 years 4 month before parts of it begin
to disintegrate.  I found the customer care demonstrated by K Smart Sign Ltd
matches their sub standard house signs and would deffinatly NOT recomend this
particular product, or buying from this particular company.
    It's a simple product. Not much to go wrong, except mine arrived with four
groups of small bubbles under the plastic, and a number of scratches. Not a
massive problem in bright sunshine, but not good either, and emphasised under
the night light.Have contacted the supplier to hear what they
say.Update:Supplier sent a new plaque. It's better.  But it's still a plastic
sticker printed and stuck on a piece of acrylic. Plus it's on the small side for
people to see it on the wall.
    I love my sign. I’ve had my garage converted into an art studio and got this
for a bit of fun. Really cheap and even if it doesn’t weather well in a few
years it’s cheap enough to replace. Can’t comment on installation as my builders
put it up for me but it looked pretty straightforward
    Ordered first and the back plate had minor dents in, ordered a second one
and that came with minor dents in. Seller sent out a replacement which also had
minor dents in and this time a dent on a corner like it had been dropped. I
appreciate the effort to remedy my issues but I give up now. I have sent one
back for a refund and put up the best of the damaged bunch sent back up. I don’t
know if it’s been damaged on route in which case packaging needs to be reviewed
(not sure a Jiffy bag is sufficient) or it’s damaged in production. It may not
be seen from outside but you pay for something you expect not to be damaged and
we know it’s there.
    We live on the corner of a road on a new estate. 12 X Ave. The house on the
other street opposite us is the next number up from us, 13 B St, so everyone
keeps thinking we are 12 B St, which is actually at the other end of the road
(logically 🙄) and knocking at our door instead at all hours. It was infuriating.
So we got a sign. Now we don't have people knocking. Problem solved.
    The sign arrived less that 24 hours after ordering, there was a very small
issue which was resolved without fuss or drama.. The sign looks great, easy to
fit, and looks like it should have cost more..
    The speed of delivery for a product made to order was excellent and I was
not disappointed with the sign on arrival.Easy to fit and looks great.Only had
it a couple of days so cannot comment on wear and tear but for the price I would
highly recommend supplier and product.
    During these difficult times of COVID-19 this company said the sign would
understandably be late, however they were prompt getting it to us. Plus we are
so happy with the sign, it really makes the front of the house look great. I
would definitely recommend this company and would buy again.
    This is stylish.  I went a step further and added my Road to the number
which looks fab.  Can't go wrong, easy to install.  Also, like the idea you can
design before submitting so you can check font etc.,  Arrived on time, and looks
wonderful with my new door.
    Arrived within 2 days of ordering and I was pleasantly surprised by the
quality after reading some of the reviews. Easy enough to install and looks alot
better than expected. Definitely worth the money in my opinion.
    This had a delivery time of 7-10 days which I was fine with, however, it
arrived after only 2 days.It was super easy to install put it up in less than 5
minutes. looks great as well.I would highly recommend this product and company
from the experience I had with them with this purchase.
    Not as good quality as I was expecting, it’s a printed sticker attached to
clear Perspex, not printed/etched directly to it as expected. Can’t comment on
fitting as haven’t done this yet, not sure how it’s going to stand up to the
weather with the way it’s been printed/applied.
    Easy to install, nice custom made sign. Been up a few months and has
survived some harsh weather so far. Only took a minute to take off when painting
the wall and went back on without issues
    Lovely and neat house sign. Very easy to assemble and attach to wall using
electric drill. Fittings supplied. Nice and clear print. Great value and looks
very smart on the house front.
    The product came with splashes of paint on the Perspex sign that I cleared
with a credit card. The screws are too small , I tried to change them but none
of the screws I had fitted in the spacer. I have managed to fix it now but not
without a few problems,
    Delivered quickly, easy to fit and install.  Looks good new.  As I have only
recently fitted this I can't comment about how they look after a few years usage
in the open air.
    Having already had an expensive item go awol on delivery and with lockdown
the house turning into a logistics centre and Uber eats regular, having this
sign has put an end to any possible confusion.
    Husband put this up in just a few minutes, arrived we’ll packaged.  Acrylic
so not sure how long it will stand up to the weather but reasonably priced and
looks really good.
    Having just recently moved, we decided to get a sign for the house and could
not be happier with the sign we chose.  Very stylish and of excellent quality
and so very easy to install.  Our order was delivered within 48 hours and so
could not fault the service.  I would very happily do business again with this
company and could not recommend them highly enough.
    I bought this as my old one was looking awful I ordered it on the Monday and
it came on the Wednesday very quick delivery,had an email from the company
straight away asking if the writing I wanted was correct I  was very impressed
with them,it looks great it’s made the front of my house looks so much
better,such a small thing makes all the difference would definitely recommend
this product from this company.
    Got one of these for our new house and we love it! It's so classy and eye-
catching! And it goes perfectly with the house and the modern, slick feel we
wanted.
    Just amazing, not just the sign, but the speed of delivery. Ordered on a
Friday expecting delivery to be the following week, but it came the next day.
The sign has really made the front of our house look so modern so pleased with
it.
    Fantastic classy looking product, very easy to fit for any compitent
DIYerBeen asked a few times where to buy these from and now the whole road is
full of them :-)
    So pleased.  Modern look at a great priceEasy to fit
    This is the second time I have ordered from this company as the signs they
make are brilliant.  Great customer service and reply to messages straight away.
Would recommend.
    Lovely sign very pleased with purchase ! Very prompt delivery especially in
these difficult times ! Would highly recommend.  Very good value
    Great looking product - arrived very quickly - easy to order. The sign looks
amazing on the front of our house. Only small negative is the quality of the
screws provided - the metal of the screws are so soft the heads just came off.
    Really nice addition to the porch, got alot of positive comments when
installed,  looks expensive and is well made, nice fittings
    It's a very good print interpretation from our purchase specification and
delightfully easy to fit to a door or brickwork.The item arrived very promptly
and in plenty of time for the Christmas presents to our son and daughter in law
who have recently purchased and moved into a new home for Christmas.
    a great purchase looks very good on the front of our house well pleasedwell
made product I would strongly recommend
    Really nice design. Great quality. Came complete with screws and rawl plugs.
Drill 2 holes and fit - it couldn't be simpler. Took less than 5 minutes. Seems
like this will last forever, but would be happy to order again if I move house.
:-)
    Original order never arrived however contacted seller and a replacement was
sent straight away with no fuss. Easy to put up and looks really good.Would
recommend seller and item👍
    Really good quality number sign, have noticed loads of houses with them on
now. Would definitely recommend.
    Absolutely fantastic service and value for money!!Ordered lunch time Tuesday
and had the product in my hand Wednesday morning.
    I bought one and upon seeing it I purchased another for a friend ,they
really are good quality and make an old door way look very modern ,it arrived in
good time and was well packaged.
    Compared to other versions this is very cheap and tacky!Plastic is thin and
brittle and worst of all the printing of numbers is transparent and is nothing
but a cheap sticky film that will not last the time of day!On the plus side i
will be purchasing metal numbers at £1 each and securing it to this product.
    Great value for money but back plate has some scrapes on it. Looks like
seconds. Not noticeable in the distance.
    Excellent service - my plaque  was made up and dispatched within a couple of
hours of ordering and I received it the next day. The plaque looks classy, I'm
very pleased with it. Thank you.
    The sign is lovely would definitelyRecommend l placed another orderStraight
away for my DaughterExcellent service will recommend to friends. As I am writing
this my Daughters sign has arrived service so quick one happy customer
    This is a good quality product and it relative easy to install with basic
DIY tools and skills
    Excellent service and great product. Easy to assemble and fix. So pleased
with the look. Thanks
    Great product for the price. Really happy with the purchase. Finally I have
a door number.
    Easy to mount and looks fabulous. Added class to our house. Amazing for the
price.
    Brilliant item. Easy to install very quickly and very effective - just what
we wanted.
    Needed a new house sign so saw this on the web, it wasn't expensive but when
it arrived it was easy to assemble and fit. It looks much more than the money I
paid for it and everyone who has seen it has made positive comments so well
done, would recommend to anyone.
    Great quality, looks great in situ and its exactly like i expected.
    Nothing MORE to add but lovely item to add to my house. A good buy too
    This item looks very clear from afar and and is exactly what I hoped for
    Fantastic product,looks really classy, simple to install
    Really fast delivery and good product.Looks smart.
    Fantastic price for a quality product. Looks very good on front of my house.
    Haven't put it up yet, but really looks great. For the money, it's a great
deal.
    Very pleased with the signage There was an issue but fast response, sorted
and replacement sent straight away Would buy from again
    Good value for money, easy to install and looks good.
    Very easy to fit to wall. Looks great and is modern.
    Good product and VERY good service from the seller.
    Great product. Excellent end to end service. Will use again. Thanks.
    ordered this to put up on rental house i have and it looks so good I am
going to get one for my own house
    Lovely house sign. Couldn’t believe how quickly it was delivered. Easy to
install and looks great. Thank you.
    Very quick delivery, excellent product, simple to install, and all for very
little money.
    Fantastic quality sign, great value for money,  speedy delivery
    Excellent product and very fast turnaround
    Lovely product which appears to be of a decent quality, highly recommended,
service was amazing with superb customer service, when first was lost in the
post I received the second within a couple of days after contacting.
    Good quality for the price. Looks very stylish from a distance. Large font
so visitors can easily see house numbers.
    easy to put up and looks great outside front door
    Bought a few of these. Nice product.
    This product looks more expensive than the cost and would definitely
recommend
    Easy to put together and attach to the wall it is really nice and sleek
looking and looks great with a light above.
    Great piece of kit A1 easy to fit
    Very fast turnaround and we are so pleased with the lookMany thx
    I wanted something quite modern and easy to install I got both. Will
purchase again for the fence.
    Looks good easy to read from road.
    Easy to fit , clear sign and finishes the look at the front door
    looks great on house very posh and excellent customer service
    Its easy to install and looks great
    Excellent value for money and quick delivery
    Easy to install good product
    Looks great at our front door!
    Great product super faster delivery easy to put up and looks great and the
wall we’re all very happy
    Very quick delivery, exactly as pictured. Gives something extra to the front
of the house. It’s perfect! Thank you
    It comes with every thing provide screws plugs instructionsYou need a small
electric drill and not a lot of skill setEasy to install excellent value for
money and speedy delivery
    Great for my door number
    Very good for the price
    Exactly as described.
    Excellent product really pleased with how expensive it looks. Would
recommend.
    Great product very attractive and great value.
    Very Good Product
    Our new number plate arrived on time, was easy to fit and looks great, very
pleased.
    I was expecting metal not plastic at least the part that goes next to the
wall...it didn't had install instructions...but I should say that I was easy to
do fit....still this could be a problem for some people
    Great looking sign adds a touch of class to the house.
    Looks really nice and very clear, quick delivery and easy to install, very
happy with it.
    Looks so nice
    great finish
    Does the job.
    Brilliant,  love it. Smart,easy to fit.
    I had a problem with the delivery but the customer service was great and
quick. I am going to give 5 stars for everything cause the sorted out the
problem so quick also. Great value for the money, easy to install, good quality
and nice customer service.
    Very smart.
    Very good item and I would recommend it.
    Looks good
    Well made
    Great value for money, easy to install, looks more expensive than it is.
Thank you
    So easy to install...
    I was lucky that the mounting holes for this sign aligned perfectly with
those from the stock builder sign it replaces.  Exactly as ordered and arrived
quickly
    Love it.
    Great looking, great price, great service.
    Looks good & good value for money
    Looks lovely
    Very easy to assemble and fit
    Lovely product. Many not last as long as glass alternatives but still very
attractive
    I had a new composite door so wanted my front to look good.  This looks so
classy and expensive and is just perfect.
    I ordered this a few months ago for my holiday flat ...it came quickly and
looks  very good. I have just ordered another one for my own home and would
always use this company for signs now.
    Exactly as it appears. Very easy to mount. Looks good.
    Fab my friend has copied and her friends so smart for the money.  Fab
    Looks great, just how I envisaged it.
    Looks absolutely lovely ! Highly recommended !
    Easy to use
    Lovely product easy to fit and the service was great with next day delivery.
Would definitely recommend
    A Modern looking number with street name below, easy to fix, great vfm.
    Great ideam looking amazing 👏 👌 😍
    Very stylish product look fantastic.
    Really nice quality house-number plate. Came nicely packaged too and with
clear instructions. There are so many suppliers of this style now to choose
from, but I can highly recommend K-Smart Signs.
    Top quality product and easy to installDownside took longer to arrive than
stated
    Looks lovely, good material and a great price .
    Excellent service, great value for money, I ordered this on 23rd June, just
had it delivered at 8.15am on the 26th, very happy with my purchase, just to get
it fitted now, would totally recommend this company, thank you 😊
    Clear to read and attractive looking sign
    Looks good & easy to fit,fast delivery
    Screws a bit short for better fixing. Had difficulty buying longer screws
because the head of the screw was smaller than usual. Overall good quality
product
    I am very happy with this product,  very good value and looks lovely.
    great service and  product arrived before time  thank youcould do with the
letters again number 12 how much do they cost
    Looks good
    Nice and clear numbering
    Happy to get it
    Was a bit unsure with the reviews but for the price I thought I’d give it a
try and so glad we did!! It looks expensive and arrived within a day! Highly
recommend!
    Absolutely love the sign. Customer service is above and beyond too, despite
issue with delivery. They went above and beyond to get me the item on
time.Highly recommended
    Arrived in wrong font from the one I had chosen.  Black foil used for number
and words was very thin and was translucent when viewed on perspex.  Returned
for a refund which I still have not received.
    Looks more up to date and modern- matches my new front door now!
    Love the look at the sign but it was smaller than I expected. Still looks
good.
    Very Smart and easy to see from a distance
    One of the numbers came off , but was quickly sorted ,new one delivered next
day , brilliant service
    Good value, looks lovely and very easy to put up
    Good value
    brilliant
    Such good value we ordered 2!  Thanks 🙏🏼👍🏼
    It was easy to assemble, but a drill I'd needed to fix to the wall. The
aluminium back plate was sharp around the edges, but once it's fixed to the wall
it's not a problem.
    Great delivery. Very good Quality and up up in 15 minutes.
    Very happy with the sign. Arrived quicker that expected and looks modern and
smart
    Easy to assemble, but ollked at all the fonts and feel the one we chose
could have been a bit bolder. Other wise all good.
    Very good
    Great looks good haven’t put it up yet arrived quickly
    Just the job complete with all fixings and clear instruction uk company
doing a great job.
    Good value, exactly as described, easy to assemble and install.
    Good quality and excellent delivery. Very pleased with the product
    I was impressed with the sign and the service especially the delivery I
would definitely recommend it to neighbours and friends
    Excellent
    Arrived quickly and got an email to confirm the sign text which I thought
was good. Installed myself into brick with my hammer and really adds a nice
touch to the front of the house
    I got mine a while ago still looks like new and my sister got one great
value for money
    Arrived quickly, very easy to put up and good qualitymany thanksSusan
    Easy to assemble, comes with all the fixings and looks great
    Great product, it looks great and very good value for money
    Really classy looking
    I can’t get enough of these signs, I’ve never bought something so reasonably
priced that looks so expensive!
    We loved our new house sign so bought one for our daughter.  Very modern and
suits our property.
    We are totally delighted with the quality and the service. Amazing value
too. We wish you only more and more success. You deserve it!  Thank you very
much.
    Ordered it one day and received it the next! Very speedy service, looks
great too, thank you.
    Lovely thanks
    Ordered one of these during lockdown and expected it to take a few months
but came within a few days. Really easy to attach to the wall and looks fab!
    Poor quality and quite small
    Easy to install and great value for money!
    Easy to assemble with all the fixtures included.
    Good quality, good size very pleased with it also comes with fittings .
    Super quick delivery, good size and finish. Fantastic value for money. Very
happy with the product.
    Looks great quicker that started delivery
    Bargin
    Beautiful product. Very easy to install. Excellent value for money. Even
arrived a day early!
    Great item for the price! Easy to install and looks good.
    Brilliant product, couldn’t believe the price with the quality of it!
Already recommended to friends and family. Delivered next day also!
    Absolutely brilliant
    Good sign
    Lovely door plaque and so easy to assemble, and can be seen from a distance.
    Decent quality for price of product. Text and numbers positioned centrally
and neatly. Prompt delivery, had it 24 hours after ordering.
    Delighted with our number plaque. Ordered on Thursday 2nd July and delivered
two days later! Fantastic service and it looks fantastic!
    Love the product, very professional service, used twice in matter of days!
Would recommend highly
    Excellent product we are the talk of the street.loads of admirers,very happy
looks lovely, very pleased very good service
    Lovely
    Looks great on the wall next to front door
    Wish now I had ordered it slightly bigger
    Great product arrived quickly easy to install and almost importantly looks
great all for a very good price!
    Easy to install looks great on my house
    It was easy to install and is easy to see the door number at a distance.
Very pleased with this product.
    Great product, exceeded expectations.
    Very happy with my purchase
    Instructions were but quick and easy to assemble when you take a few minutes
to figure out. Looks great
    Fast deliver , quality product , easy to installwill definitely be
recommending you to peopleThanks you
    Quick delivery and outstanding quality. Looks amazing and is worth every
penny.
    Great buy and looks fab 5*
    Great product easy to install took 10 minutes looks great next day delivery
really pleased
    Very happy
    This is the second one purchased from the same company
    Simple sign. Nothing to be displeased about
    Excellent product easy from start to finish
    The screws were cheap and soft , suggest using own screws. The aluminium
edges were sharp and I cut myself when installing.
    Love this looks amazing good clear print and a fantastic price.
    Beautiful door number, everyone has remarked on it.
    Came super fastVery impressedThank you x5 star rating.
    Very fast delivery, easy to put together and install. Looks great and really
good value for money
    Looks good and easy to put up
    Brilliant product looks amazing. Will defo recommend.  Very easy to install
    Very pleased with this house number, looks great!
    Really good price. Very easy to put up and looks even better in person. Love
it and a very happy customer.
    Great . Super quick service and delivery . Great product very happy so much
so ordered another sign ! Highly recommend
    An amazing product for the price. The item arrived before the expected
delivery date and looks fantastic.
    Looks really stylish.
    Looks great
    house sign fabulous sign so clear and great value for the money
    Arrived quickly and was easy to install
    Very nice sign great value for money. Easy to install instructions are
straightforward. Highly recommended
    Very happy with my new house sign
    Looks amazing
    Exactly as described,easy to install ,very pleased with purchase and
recommend this product and company
    Very good product, quick delivery, easy to fit and value for money
    I ordered this in summer 2019 and it is holding up well so far in the winter
weather still good as new
    Quickly mounted and great value for money.
    Excellent value for money - looks fab for the price.
    Arrived on time, looks great! Easily installed...very pleased with product!
    Quick delivery, value for money, looks great and very simple to fit. Highly
recommend.
    Very impressed with this company. Quick turn around, excellent communication
and good product as advertised.
    Exactly as described on webpageArrived a day earlier than promised
    Good quality product. Looks nice on the wall. No complaints.
    Very fast and good service.The item is as per description.
    Only sent half of the order. No silver back piece or any of the bits to
attach it all together.
    Excellent value
    Very smart  sign and very eay to assemble and fix.
    Nice product easy installation looks very neat and clear .
    Pleased with productValue for money and looks amazing outside my home
    Great value for money looks very classy really happy would recommend this
seller
    Easy to install. Looks beautiful. Great value for money.
    Looks more expensive than it cost
    Good quality product and excellent value for money. Quick delivery.
    Ideal, looks decent quality. Made really well and easy to install.
    Really quick delivery and exactly as stated/requested
    Looks fab well worth the money
    Very good buy, would buy again if needed.
    First class plaque
    Great product and great customer service
    Was delivered within twenty four hours of ordering, brilliant.
    The exact same as the description. Really delighted with it.
    Well made and fast delivery.
    Great product at a good price. Delivery was prompt. Highly recommended
    Great product, looks great, easy to fit and excellent customer service
    Great quality, fast delivery, looks great. Really pleased.
    Great product, good price, couldn’t fault it
    Very nice
    Great product, looks modern, reasonably priced and fits the bill.
    Absolutely love my wall plaqueGreat value for moneyQuick delivery
    Arrived quickly, super easy to install. Looks clean and modern
    Exactly as per description, comes with fixings.
    The product is excellent value for money & easy to install
    There was a small crack in the Perspex when it arrived.
    Brilliant easy to put up and not expensive
    Excellent quality and super fast delivery, and reasonably priced.
    Great!
    looks and is easy to install .good value
    Very nice - looks expensive
    Fantastic speed of delivery and end product just what I wanted
    Fab service and great sign
    Lovely product, very smart
    It's lovely, good quality
    Great quality
    Looks brilliant and easy to install.
    Came the next day, easy to install, looks great
    Parcel was ‘delivered’ yet nothing has came to my door yet.
    House number
    GOOD QUALITY AND SPEEDY SERVICE WOULD RECOMMEND
    Just as described very fast postage would highly recommend
    The design
    Very classy really like the sign
    Easy to install, looks very good
    Looks expensive at a great price
    Fantastic , looks very smart next to front door
    Great purchase, great quality can highly reccomend !👍
    The sign was very goodWell made and easy to fit
    Simple and very good looking. Quick delivery too.
    Excellent value for money
    There was nothing to disslike about this product
    Great product ! Easy to put up and looks great.
    Fast delivery and nice item thanks all good
    Cannot be faulted for the price
    Excellent product, would recommend.
    As described,very good product
    Came when said and Quick and easy to fit.
    Excellent, highly recommended
    A little bit of class to your front door
    Just looks great
    Excellent service from them
    Looks great.
    The lettering is smudged
    Excellent service and great product
    Looks great
    Love it x
    Great looking door sign and great value for money
    I used it as a plack for my door
    Perfect as described
    Value for money and looks great
    Looks good, easy to fix. Ideal
    Great service. No complaints.
    Not disappointed
    Arrived on time easy to fit
    Value for money
    It looks fantastic.Thanks
    Looks great
    Good price and product
    Great sign
    Looks good
    Excellent
    loved it
    Fast delivery and looks great!
    excellent product
    Item as described
    Value for money
    Great product
    Very happy with my product :)
    Very good love it
    Really easy
    Looks great
    Superb!
    Liked
    Fab
    Wir haben eine schlicht gerade Stange gesucht und gefunden. Der Shop ist uns
vom ersten Mal positiv im Gedächtnis geblieben und deshalb haben wir da nochmal
bestelltLieferung kam schnellAlles super Danke
    schnelle, unproblematische Lieferung.dieser Edelstahl Handtuchhalter sieht
besonders in kleinen Bädern sehr gut aus. Man kann auch größere Handtücher
bequem aufhängen da eine Seite offen ist. Gerne wieder.
    Einfache Montage und sieht super aus. Blöd nur, dass es keinen für rechts
und links gibt. Aber ansonsten wirklich top.
    I have tested the pH of two bottles. My tap water is 7.0 and Waiakea
‘alkaline’ water has a pH of 6.5. I am pretty POd and will be requesting a
refund. I have been ripped off and will not be purchasing this again. This
doesn’t even account for the fact that the manufacturer packed a box of 24 with
22 bottles. This is a scam I DO NOT recommend.
    This water is a fake. It’s not the real Waikea water. I’ve noticed that it
has a different top meaning it was refilled and retopped. I can’t believe my
eyes. I love this water. The real waikea water has a star on the top, not some
numbers and a recycle symbol.
    I actually love buying Anthony’s product I buy a lot and this batch would be
real good if we didn’t find a latex part of a fingertip in this bag. I’m not
sure if I should  use this still or throw it out?
    I wanted to like this water, I really did. I however felt exhausted and
lethargic after drinking it. It is almost easier to describe this water as
thick. It really did not feel refreshing and certainly was not worth the price.
I will be going back to Icelandic Glacial. This water may be preferred by
others, but certainly not by me.
    I started to get really bad acid reflux and was trying to find a solution
that didn't include taking pills all the time. I was at a loss, but stumbled
upon an ad on FB about this water. It specifically mentioned acid reflux and
heartburn. I figured anything was worth a try. The next time I started to feel
the acid reflux kick in, I grabbed a bottle and took a few large sips. Within
seconds Waiakea crushed the feeling and I was back to normal the rest of the
meal. I now swear by this and recommend it to anyone that has reflux or
heartburn. The pricing per bottle is very reasonable, considering it is bottled
in Hawaii. The water tastes like water - no plastic taste or off taste because
it is more alkaline. Thank you Waiakea!
    Thought I got conned by Zac Efron and his new Netflix series that mineral
water is better. Did a little research to find the best mineral water to try and
that was available to me in the US.I attached the graphic I used for the
decision making. It was worth it!Buying by the case makes this reasonable
priced. If you are interested and have the $30ish to try it out - I highly
recommend! I still use my Brita A LOT, but this is my go to bottle when I am
really feeling dehydrated.Bottle is also certified carbon neutral!
    WOW!  I previously dissed Anthony's for sending me a "short" bag.  Virtually
the moment I wrote the review, an Anthony's customer service rep contacted me
and offered to send a full replacement bag.  I received the replacement bag
within three days after that!I am very satisfied with this product and the
service of Anthony's.
    I’m not a big sugar person. I’m using this for my kombucha and my scoby just
loves it. Sugar is a high pesticide crop, so organic is especially important.I
also use this for a lip scrub recipe.Works perfect for both purposes. I would
put it on auto-delivery if it was available.
    Love this bottled water, but I have one request.  PLEASE RING WHEN
DELIVERED.  I am disabled, and it's difficult for me to get it in the front
door...PLEASE DO NOT ROUGH HANDLE CARTON. BOTTLES LEAKED AND I DON'T LIIKE
GETTING 1/2 BOTTLES OF WATER.  PLEASE RESPOND...THANKS
    My search was for Sucanat. Obviously I should've looked closer before
buying. Really NOT happy that I paid $12 for 3 pounds of white sugar, but Amazon
says it can't be returned. I would give this 1 star, but it's probably just fine
if you want extra large, white sugar crystals.
    I used this to feed my water kefir.  Only drawback was a strange brownish
fiber in the sugar that I had to strain out of every batch?  due to this I
probably won't buy again, (though it wouldn't matter so much to me if I was
simply baking with it, I assume it is just fibers from processing the sugar).
    I bought this originally to feed my kefir, but I've started using it in my
tea.  It has a stronger flavor than the raw sugar I buy in my local stores.  Not
overpowering but richer.  I'm glad I tried this one out.
    Organic Cane Sugar (3 lbs) by Anthony's - Received promptly and as
advertised. It has a good flavor, and is NOT white, but rather an off white.
Thank you for the excellent product!
    This sugar hasn’t such a beautiful color. I use it for all my baking
needs.It is difficult to find bulk cane sugar with such a consistent quality. I
make vegan / gluten free baked good for a living and rely and this brand
heavily. And they have cool puns.
    This is my favorite sugar to use in my homemade sugar body scrubs. It has a
great grain size that isn’t to harsh on skin. It is a great exfoliator. I have
also used it in my tea. It has a great flavor and I love that it is natural and
organic.
    Never buying again. I was thinking hey, it’s fresh & new, the latest thing,
must have... no. There are ingredients listed that if it’s WATER it should only
contain WATER. Dont get me wrong, your local water department adds fluoride and
all that other stuff to purify it but I gotta tell you, the amount of sodium &
electrolytes are only good if you are at the gu working out like a monster. I
was drinking it as everyday water. I gained pounds in three weeks.  Is the
company will sneak up behind me and deny this buts true. I’ve been sick, cloudy
and in pain. It has an ingredient in it that’s enough to cause these issues
while drinking 4-5 bottles a day. Yup, 4-5 bottles filled with items that I am
highly allergic to. Like I said the company will deny it, but my body is the
proof. Aloha friends. These are now watering my plants.
    I didn't really pay attention to the price when I bought this. It's like
over $30 for a 24 pack of water, and it's only half a liter bottles.
    I like the water and I've ordered it 3 or 4 times in the past and had no
complaints. For some reason, this time, the water arrived thrown in a plastic
trash bag instead of in the normal box. I don't like paying full price for a
product that isn't in its original box. Not going to send it back but probably
won't order again from Amazon.
    This is my first time purchasing cane sugar outside of Imperial from my
local grocery store. I have been making a conscious effort to buy more organic
and no-GMO items for my family. I was pleasantly surprised by this product. I
used it just as I have used other granulated sugar in the past, with no issues.
I felt better using this, since it is organic. I hope to find this product for a
cheaper price in the future, but the current price point isn't a deterrent from
future purchases for me.
    I mix 1 part sugar, boil water in the tea kettle, one part in the bottom of
the glass and mix the syrup. I roll the lime to stimulate juices, sqeeze and mix
the room-temperature lime with the syrup, add vodka, fill with crackling cold
ice, and top with sparkling water.Adult lime-aid is exactly what cures
summertime humdrum. Non GMO’s, organic, gluten-free (there never was gluten in
sugarcane, but no matter); I feel like I’m saving the planet with every drink.
    I didn't think there could be a different taste in bottled water.  But this
water taste do fresh and clean.  I love it.  I wish I could find it on the east
coast.  I would recommend.
    We've been on a mission to change over ingredients we use to organic, GMO-
free. Brands like Anthony's help us do this, and this sugar is no exception. We
are definitely happy with it. In fact, this is our second order of this sugar.
    Wonderful quality, tastes smooth...no bitterness.  I used to drink coffee
from varying types of coffee machines, until I found this wonderful organic
instant coffee.  Not only do I love this coffee, but this is a favorite now of
the entire family.  Always very happy with each and every purchase.
    I drink spring water all the time because the tap water in my area tastes
bad. I have tried many brands snd have my favorites, but thought I would give
this a try.  I didn’t care for it because it has what I would describe as
metallic aftertaste. Almost like I’m tasting the volcanic rock it passes
through.
    Love this sugar! Natural and tasty - it's an excellent addition to my
morning coffee. I used to grab cane sugar from Whole Foods, Publix, or Target,
but with remote working and social distancing, this was an easier buy. When I
first received it I didn't know what to think because it was brown (didn't know
the difference at the time about white or brown cane sugar) so I thought that I
accidentally ordered brown sugar. Nope - apparently it's more healthy, natural,
and organic this way...cool! The sugar granules are still fine and dissolve
easily in liquids. This is the perfect sugar for my espressos and coffee and at
a decent price point, ordered easily with Amazon Prime free shipping.
    The package says this is darker light brown to golden yellow color as
opposed to white sugar. But when I open the bag it’s white sugar looking. Is
this supposed to be looking like white sugar? More importantly has it become
this way from taking out the nutrition which is what happens when they bleach
sugar. I’ve tried Demerara and sucanat Which are actually golden brown.So I’m
checking to see why this is so white.
    Water was great, although didnt seem different than some local bottled
brands. The bottle though is beautiful and makes you wants to drink more water!
It also just feels nice to have something from that area but dont want to make
my FedEx guy carry that heavy box again.
    This was nothing like the evaporated cane juice (branded as Sucanat) that I
am familiar with that is much darker and has a distinct flavor of molasses.
This is very light with a mild taste more like the so called "Sugar in the Raw"
If it were what I expected the price is good but not for what it is.  I would
have been better off getting light brown sugar ans save the money.
    While clearly marked 3 lbs, it's so disappointing to note that the actual
sugar is not really 3 lbs. More like a pound!!! I checked the packaging if there
were holes or what, but it was clean. I will never buy this again as it's a rip-
off! There are a lot more coconut sugar brands that are as good but so much
cheaper! I want my money back!
    This is a our absolute favorite bottled water and we splurge on it every
once in a while. The price is pretty average for other places we've bought it.
The bottles are GREAT quality and can be reused over and over.
    I love this sugar. It tastes better than white sugar although the grains are
larger. I use it in everything
    I was not happy with this water at all.  I thought it would be cool Bc it
was from Hawaii and all this extra cool stuff, maybe from a volcano and all but
this water taste is not pure and definitely not good.  And for the price woo
chile you’re better off getting deer park at $3.99 or 3 for $10 at Giant lol.
No good, and expensive to boot.
    I have been purchasing this product for years. This is the first time I
received a bag that appears to have been cut with something or was contaminated
at some point along the manufacturing and packaging line. There are white and
black specs all through the product, I had to throw it away. Typically it is
always been a wonderful product, extremely disappointing this time.
    Lacks the robustness (molasses flavor) of other evaporated cane juice
products.  However, some might prefer this more neutral tasting product.
    Hands down my favorite water and my family loves it we usually get it by the
bottle at the store so I decided to find it by the case and I am not
disappointed 10/10 would recommend!!!
    Super expensive but I'd rather pay more for good water than have free
poison. Flavor is impeccable. I'm a water snob and I have recommended this to
dozens of people. the bottle is very attractive and I cant drink enough of this
water. I actually enjoy drinking this water no bad after taste no lingering
residue on your pallette. Great water.
    I usually buy Sugar in the Raw, but figured I would branch out and try
something new. I saw this and decided to get it. I didn't see much of a
difference. I actually think Sugar in the Raw was a bit sweeter and had a better
flavor, but really it all does the same thing. Since this stuff is pretty
expensive, I won't be re-purchasing.
    This water is great! It has a very smooth taste even at room temperature. No
mineral notes nor the typical plastic bottle taste when it’s hot.  I would say
this is better than Fiji water.
    I bought this for my sister as a gift. She’s a water snob. She prefers
distilled waters over spring so I was happy to hear it didn’t have a musky
spring taste. Plus it’s from Hawaii. Great gift idea!
    Love this sugar. I was introduced to it a couple of years ago and I've been
obsessed with it since then. Great flavor. All natural. Breaks down quickly and
nicely in my coffee.
    Product ok. Amazon delivery exceptional!
    This is the real sugar. I don't mind the coarse crystals at all. Just
relieved I don't have to add extra 1/4th cup of store bought white sugar in
every cake recipe to make it sweet enough.
    This water may be a bit pricey...but it is delicious!!!! I’m kind of a water
junkie and try all sorts of different water. This one is by far my favorite. I
can only imagine this water tastes like the clouds of heaven.
    I try to look for more alkaline water and I decided to try this brand. Upon
receipt I tasted and tested ith a litmus test strip and it registered 6.0-6.25,
far from 7.6-8.2 as described. Considering the cost, it is now worth it for me.
    Due to the toxic food products we get these days with toxic additives, and
other unknown toxins added to our food, it is wonderful to find somewhere to buy
clean food. This for me shows that the people at this company have ethics and
are also paying attention to the moral compass and not causing harm to others
due to unethical food manufacturing practices.  For that I say Thank You.  When
money is the focus for doing anything, we've lost decency.
    This is a great buy for the money, would highly recommend! It is, however, a
little pricy!
    I buy in quantity for my grow nutrient organic fertilizer mix - it keeps the
nutrients from feeding off each other while soaking in an aerated water
container.  Great stuff - all organic.  Quick delivery.
    This is my first experience with cane sugar. It tastes like white sugar! It
is so good! I want to use healthy sugar rather than artificial sweeteners. I
also want to get away from refined white sugar. I am hooked on this cane sugar.
I will use this cane sugar from now on!
    For an unbleached experience, I happened upon this bargain
    Came on time, taste great and a little goes a long way. 4 stars because I
didn't like how the product was packaged, it was stuffed in a smaller padded
envelope. The bubble wrap was all popped.
    Decent flavor, more pale color than other raw cane sugars I’ve had, also
have to use more than usual for a sweeter flavor so not such a good value .. the
packaging is awesome!
    This water is the best water ever!! I’ve tried all the waters that are out
there and this is by far the best water ever!!!! I will define buying more. I’d
you haven’t tried this water yet, you need to. It’s Awesometacular!!!
    I love the flavor and feel much better drinking this water than generic
brands from grocery stores. I have yet to test the pH of this water to make sure
it is 7.6-8.2 as stated on the bottle.
    These bottles leaked, not all are filled to the same level, and the bottle
caps do not appear as the same as other bottles of this water I have purchased
before at other locations. Very unhappy and will continue to buy my Fiji water I
normally buy. Tastes like plastic.
    My favorite water, stops acid reflux
    Without a doubt the best water I’ve ever tasted. Compared to regular store
bought, this makes them seem as if they came from a garden hose.
    Flavor is better than Evian. I’m buying more.
    Best water ever drank ! Not sure if it’s the bottle or the actual water but
there is a defiant difference in the purity of taste. Defiantly worth trying and
buying this product again !!!
    Received this today. There was sugar leaving from the package upon arrival.
We opened the shipping package and the bag of sugar was open and leaking. We are
unable to use this sugar and are unable to return due to policies.
    I was expecting the water to taste amazing, and it tasted exactly like
distilled water.  Not smooth, and not tasty.
    I like it, although sometimes there are black particles that I usually pick
away. But overall - great sugar!
    Tastes exactly like tap water.Not worth the money at all
    Great sugar but you can get it cost less in grocery store
    LOVE LOVE LOVE! It’s such a natural taste! I know some people might think
water is water and they all taste the same. BUT i feel like every water has its
own taste. My husband and i ENJOYED this water brand. Highly recommend. The
price is a little too much but i promise it’s worth it!!
    Me encanta porque es una azúcar fina y la utilizo para hacer lip scrub el
sabor la textura el empaque es grande.
    Good value
    Very tasty sugar and reasonably priced. Sugar seems to dissolve well when
needed. I will definitely purchase again!
    Arrived as expected and it requires less amount to sweeten coffee compared
to average store bought brands.
    tastes really clean but a little pricey for water. Will see if it does
anything for my body in the long run
    I was kind of confused with the color at first because I thought that it was
going to be darker but then I realized that in the description says light brown.
Still the color is not white and it tastes delicious.
    Has lasted a long time! Love that it's organic.
    Feel like this is bottled puddle water
    Package came on time! The sweetness goes nicely with my coffee. Not too much
is needed (at least for me lol). Taste like how sugar cane sugar should and the
best thing is that it's organic! I believe that it is worth the money for being
organic!
    I’ve bought this brand many times and definitely the best raw cane sugar
I’ve used to date! I would definitely recommend
    Great tasting water at a good price.  And the bottle is beautiful.  I
discovered Waiakea in Hawaii and am happy to keep it coming home through Amazon.
The blue bottle makes it fun to hydrate and gets anyone new to Waiakea talking
about how cool it is.
    i just love ordering this product . it doesn't take long from the time i
order it until it arrives at my door . I am very pleased. I will order again  as
long as money will permit
    Infestation Ants 🐜 ants 🐜 ants 🐜 ants 🐜 ants 🐜 full of ants 🐜 what a mess!
Ants 🐜 all over the kitchen. Had to throw it away. Waste of money
    This water is harder to find so having a case delivered is nice.
    I thought it would have tasted different but it didn’t . I don’t know why it
didn’t like it.
    I've been buying organic sugar for about a year. This item is exactly what I
wanted! Great value and NON-GMO too!
    This water is smooth and great to drink. No after taste and just plain
refreshing.
    I really love water and I think this is my favorite. Very fresh tasting
without leaving any after taste or being too much.
    It easy to drinkI could drink this in one shot other than Poland springIts
soothing and i will drink this anytime
    I used it to make a full body scrub, it left me feeling soft and fluffy four
hours . Bath and body works can’t do that! Xx
    I really like this water. Wish it wasn’t over $30 for a case. Probably will
only buy it occasionally.
    Really good tasting water. Whenever l lose my water discipline of 64 0z a
day, I buy myself some high test water. This is better than Figi water.
    I ordered this in error thought I selected coconut sugar
    Sugar had lumps in it and seemed like it was nearing its expiration.  I
decided to just deal with it but probably won't order again.
    Just like regular white sugar but with no bleaching and organic. I don't
taste any difference whatsoever. I love it.
    One of the pluses of this water is the taste and I highly recommend this
brand.
    Different type of refreshing taste. It’s so smooth
    I wanted to try the product because I heard sick good thing but before I
could even try it I am displeased with how it arrived.  I received the package a
few minutes ago but when I opened the box the sugar was everywhere. I picked up
the box and sugar was leaking out the corners falling all into my carpet. I’m
not happy.
    Ok so I read alot of good reviews on this water & I thought for the price it
would just be out of this world... but no
    Best Best Organic Sugar EVER...
    reorder because it is very good in making kombucha and kefir
    Smooth without any after taste.
    Excellent value . Great packaging
    I'm happy with this product. I use it for my water kefir and my girls enjoy
when I let them have a small spoonful as well.
    Arrive in a timely manner and the water taste great. I first drank Wainakea
water when I went hiking. Bought a bottle to hydrate during my climb. You can
tell the difference between this type of water and other cheaper brands you buy
from the store.
    !! Excellent Flavor  Great Taste. !!
    It’s Sugar.Glad i got it
    The sugar was really good for my homemade sugar scrubs however they do jip
you it is not a full 3 lbs, will probably not buy again.
    Refreshing hydration.
    Some of the most purest water i have ever drank and also the cause they are
engaged in is amazing supplying clean water to the less fortunate!
    works well making kombucha
    Love the flavor
    Using for Kombucha, tastes great.
    Definitely my favorite water right now
    Excellent sugar. I use for water kefir. The size of the package is a good
deal.
    High quality water
    Good quality
    Disgusting! Tastes like tap water. Gross !!!! DO NOT BUY
    Fast delivery. Item as described.
    It’s sugar. It works.
    Very fast shipping! Fantastic Water!
    This is not white sugar thank you for this powerful sugar cane.
    Came quickly and well worth it. Decided to purchase more from this brand
including xylitol and almond flour.
    It ation looks pretty good
    Great tasting and does not give you the “full” feeling after. I use this
every morning with my coffee for an extra sweet, clean taste.
    My absolute best of all the bottled water!  It feels soft going down. Wish
it wasn't so pricey.
    Insanely good and delicious. Super awesome value. Packing was great. Good
product.
    Best water that I tastedClean taste!
    this is my second time buying this..i make my own kombucha..had no problem
with the first bag i bought..my second shipment arrived today and part of the
bag was open with sugar spilled throughout the box
    Best water I have had in years.
    OMG the best water ever. Worth it
    Excellent product.
    Smooth taste worth the money!
    Love this sugar. Not real sweet. Perfect in my hot tea. Must be good in
baked goods. Dissolves well. :)
    It's no Fiji water
    Our isn't ready to find organic cane sugar. And, or isn't cheap. This 3 lb
bag seemed reasonable. I use for making water kefir, and it works awesome.
    Best tasting water ever. Please recycle bottles.
    Use exclusively for kombucha brewing.  Seems to work extremely well for
multiple batches!
    Pretty good water.
    Very fresh. Not hard or lumpy. Def would recommend this company to my
friends !! It was recommended to my by friends
    I brew my own kombucha tea and this works really well!
    We love this sugar, great for everything without all the processing and
chemicals
    SUGAR! IN ORGANIC !  TAST THE SAME.
    Love the stuff. I also use it in my homemade body scrubs and it works great
!
    Love this water. Taste is excellent. I don't buy any other water. And I will
only drink this one. It's so worth the money.
    Loving this stuff so far!
    Nice
    Luv those stuff
    Sugar was good & it was a decent sized bag
    This is municipal water with chlorine from Hawaii.
    Came out great in my cakes and cupcakes! This is my go to organic cane
sugar.
    I order this all the time, it's on time, and excellent.
    Using to ferment komb ucha
    IA lot of people think water is just water, but this is the BEST tasting
water ever!!! Now if the driver would deliver it to the right address. Second
time they delivered to my neighbor when their house is clearly posted 235 and
not 232 😕
    Nice quality
    Tastes great
    The best water we ever tasted
    LOVE THIS WATER.....THANK YOU
    Amazing flavor!! Crisp and clean. Not all water is created equal, and
Waiakea makes that abundantly clear.
    I absolutely hurt with the price, but I do like the taste
    Very good
    good quality, and pure. I am using this for my combucha.
    Really tastes good compared to other bottled water. I was pleasantly
surprised. Definitely worth the money. It's not the baking soda laced stuff they
are marketing from some other companies.
    Use in coffee, tea and baking
    excellent sugar. The hummingbirds fight over it. Love it.
    Very good no weird alkaline taste super good
    Just as described
    Love this water. Our absolute favorite.
    I love these waters
    Amazing product and I strongly recommend buying
    got it
    It tastes good, I feed it to my kombucha.
    Delicious. Great in coffee
    I was impressed with the taste of the water.
    wow! it is good
    This water is so smooth and crisp. It’s hard to explain but it’s just a step
above other waters I drink. It also helped with indigestion. Highly recommended.
It’s all I drink when it comes to water.
    Bag has a hole in it. Not eligible for return. No contact info. Cool bro.
    Package came open
    Good product at a good price. Using it to feed water kefir grains...
    Great taste. No chemical taste at all.
    The best water. Probably the best water in the history of all waters. No
other waters come close. Honestly for real no lie will not drink any water ever
again. We used to drink Fiji but not anymore.
    My favorite sugar
    I bought this for use in my kombucha brewing, to great effect. If you want
cane sugar, and a lot of it, look no further.
    love cane sugar
    Love this product, this is what my daughter and I always order. I just hope
that they keep the good price for it.
    Excellent
    liked and came as expected
    Great for Kombucha! Smells rich and fresh.
    Simply, I enjoy drink this water.
    We love this water. We read all the facts about water before we purchase and
this one was really at the top of our bottled water list.
    Water is amazing!Unfortunately, every time I receive order box is all wet
due to a couple water bottles opening! Too expensive to have water wasted!!
Amazon does do a great job of replacing!!
    I used this product to make an essential oil scrub. The made several scents
and bottled in 10oz jars. I’m pleased for the price!
    My initial order had some flaws, but dealing with Anthony's Goods' customer
service was easy, and beyond satisfactory.  They went above and beyond to
replace my bag with a replacement that reflected the quality I expected from the
other satisfied reviewers.  The cane sugar has a distinct smell and taste that
are just right for the all-natural products that I'm using them to make.  (cane
sugar lollipops!)  Totally pleased with the product and the seller, and will be
ordering again soon!
    Ok
    This is exactly what I was looking for when I wanted to make kombucha.
    Sugar arrived on time. Can't beat the price. Product is high quality.Very
tasty.
    Love it
    There are black bits inside the sugar. Not sure what they are exactly but I
haven't had that experience with other organic sugars.
    I love this water it is the best I recommend this water it makes me feel
really good I am refreshed ,hydrated this is the best water I ever drink . and I
highly recommend it I’m gonna buy this water for now .
    Taste is delicious, soft drink ever!
    This is great. I use it for just about everything.
    Great taste- use for making Kombucha
    Love it
    If I pay for something, I expect it to be all of what I paid for. One of the
bottles were completely empty because it leaked all in the box. The bottle cap
was not on correctly.
    This is my preference from now on.  Taste great and great quality sugar.
    very good!
    Happy with purchase
    Wow loved the packing and chrisp
    good stuff
    Great price and taste on this organic sugar.
    Tasted great, used to make kombucha.
    Fine product
    I like. Not too sweet.
    Good amount for price, it’s organic cane sugar, in general, it’s good
    Tastes great and great look!
    Best water I have ever tasted.
    Sugar works great for making water kefir and kombucha!
    It's sugar. It's sweet. It helped to produce great kombucha
    Great taste.
    When I open the package, sugar was all over the package. The sugar nag does
tear open.
    Taste wonderful.
    Excellent cane sugar in a kind of annoying ziplock package.
    I love this water. It's too expensive for me when you have multiple people
in your house but the water is worth the price. Very good. I ordered it
thrice...lol
    A great water that makes you feel hydrated without that plastic water after
taste....love it!!!!!
    Good for making Kombucha.
    I love this water.
    I appreciate that We are very happy with Amazon and the sugar- Thank you for
having it for us
    Great quality for the price
    Exactly what I wanted.
    GREAT PRICE AND CONVENIENT SMALL BOTTLES
    Great for kombucha
    Taste very clean.
    Good quantity for the price. I'm using it to brew Kambucha, have no
complains!
    Makes you feel great
    Great tasting sugar!
    I brew homemade kombucha and this is a necessary ingredient. It's a good
sized back of high quality cane sugar. Perfect.
    A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+A+
    It is not a good tasting water. It taste like tap water.
    Love organic and this is a quality product!
    It’s so much better than regular store bought granulated sugar! I am hooked!
Highly recommend to those wanting to switch to organic sugar. This is the good
stuff!!!
    A+
    Works great for making my home brewed kombucha.
    Love it
    Fast Shipping,Great Product Excellent Price and Quality!!!
    It’s a wonderful reminder of home.  Best tasting water
    Great use it to make body scrubs
    The product itself is great, but the way it was shipped, not so much. I
received the cash with a hole near the bottom and a decent amount spilled out.
    I'm so happy I made the switch to organic sugar. My taste buds and body are
thankful.
    I use this for making kombucha and it turns out perfect
    Great tasting water
    I’m hooked! This is excellent quality cane sugar and trust me, you can taste
the difference. You’re getting your money’s worth here. I definitely recommend!
    Love it!!!
    I like the consistency of this sugar.
    Great Cane sugar. Natural taste. I have been very happy with this sugar and
keep coming back for more.
    This sugar makes good Kombucha, I like it very much.  Thanks
    Used it for Kombucha.  Good stuff.
    Great product! Very good flavor
    Happy to have organic sugar to use in my Kombucha tea!  Has kept my SCOBY
happy!
    I was not able to use some of the products.  Himalaya and the prostate
supplement were no effective.
    It’s very smooth water love the size and color of the bottle and I felt it
gave me energy .
    Taste so good
    Very healthy sweetener
    Great
    The best water! I rave about this water so much that my co-workers started
buying this water.  We all love it
    This is some of the best water I've ever tasted. Shared it with family,
friends and coworkers. Delicious!
    There was a hole in the bag and leaked out! Really good sugar otherwise
    Loved
    My favorite water
    Great product for your $.
    Awesome product because of it's quality and size for the price. Loved the
sass on the bottom of the bag. ;) Will definitely buy again!
    High quality product
    Product misrepresented, this is same sugar as the store just higher priced
    Has a wonderful hint of molasses!
    this product  is the best water around. It is hard to find.
    Good buy for your money. Will buy again.
    GOOD TASTING ALKALINE WATER IN ATTRACTIVE PACKAGING. A LITTLE EXPENSIVE
THOUGH BUT I LIKED IT.
    Refreshing
    Exactly what I wxpdcted
    Great Product!
    Hole in the bag.
    I’m sorry I wasen aware that you refunded my card  Thank You. And again I’m
sorry
    Good
    Thank you
    We love this water and wish we could get it locally!
    The “Cleanest” tasting water I’ve ever had!!
    PH
    One of the bottles came with a broken seal and empty
    Me encanto. Me ayudo a reducir la fiebre. Además tiene un buen sabor y es
muy ligera
    good
    Tastes great
    Like the packaging.  Plastic is washable
    Great water, way too expensive. Not worth the price.
    El sabor Deliciospqué le da a mi café
    great sugar...
    Love Anthony's products.  This one did not disappoint.
    Flavor
    Good water
    One the bottles had a leak. Expensive not to have all products 💯
    Just water nothing differnt from most bottled in my opinion
    Loved it
    Great tasting sugar and a really good value. Cheaper here than the stores!
    When received the package was leaking sugar everywhere.
    I'm happy with it. It's what I expected
    Best drink in the world freshness like no other water
    Great
    The package came sealed but missing 6 bottles. This water is for a luxury
limousine company. I don't understand how that could've happened.
    Good
    Good in tea!!
    Great product
    Received promptly, as expected. Creates lots more room in my closet. Happy
to support a small business!
    Can't go wrong with sugar!
    I am very happy with the product and will continue buying from this seller.
    Bottles missing labels or they were extremely crooked.
    Love this sugar! Bought it for brewing tea for kombucha.
    Best water ive tasted
    Great product
    Good quality!
    I like the taste of the water
    Love the water
    Best water!!
    Best water ever I love it I’m on my 3rd order now
    Great product for making kombucha
    Best water
    Great taste but expensive
    Will star using the this as sweetener to all.
    I use this for making Kombucha, works well.
    amazing product
    It was ok
    Great
    Love em👍🏾
    I love this water
    Great price for the value
    Tastes great and it is organic No roundup or poisonous pesticides used Great
product.In South America they use organic cane sugar juice to heal liver
problems
    Excellent taste and quality, but way to pricey.Come down on your prices
Anthony's Goods, down on the prices.
    The smell of this organic sugar let's you know it is different. it is my new
favorite for hot cocoa, cooking and more.
    This sugar tastes very good and it's 100% pure organic to will be buying
more
    perfect for my kombucha!
    Using this in kombucha and water kefer grains.
    yummy
    dieser Handtuchhalter ist ein edler Handtuchhalter, schick und modern,
stabil ...Leider ist er mir zu schmal, es passt nur ein Handtuch drauf, wenn man
es zusammen legt. Deshalb habe ich ihn zurück geschickt. Die Abwicklung der
Rücksendung war ganz unkompliziert.Es gibt ihn auch breiter.
    Fantastic, so happy to be starting our Gluten free life, thanks!
    Fast delivery and great product
    Excellent sugar! Color, smell, consistency, and taste are 100% raw
unprocessed sugar. Reminds me of when I was a little boy in the Dominican
Republic and used to get raw sugar straight from sugar cane vendors.
    Great stuff
