    ワイヤレスイヤホン！Bluetooth5.0に対応しているので、すごく電池持ちが良いです！何個かワイヤレスイヤホンを試したのですが、このイヤホンは低音も
しっかり出ているのですごく満足しています！音質いい！イヤーフック付なので他のイヤホンと違ってランニング時に着けても落とさないので安心できます。音量ボタンや通話や
再生/停止ができるボタンもあるのでスマホを取り出す必要がないので便利です。3回押せばスマホの音声アシスタントを呼び出せます。スマホへの接続も非常にスマートです。
片耳だけで運転中にヘッドセットとして使うこともできますし、ケースからもう片方を取り出したら自動で両耳になります。ケースの表示も左にケースのバッテリー残量、右に各
イヤホンの充電状況(R,L)が表示されていてわかりやすいです。ケースの質感もとても気に入っています。ケースにセットするのがL,RではなくR,Lなので、そこだけ慣
れれば着ける時もスムーズに装着できるようになると思われます。コスパいいので買ってよかった！！満足！！
    ワイヤレスイヤホンは4つ目です。イヤホンの充電量と、本体に残ってるバッテリー容量が不明で充電タイミングが分からなかった点が解消されています(本体にインジ
ケータあり)また、両耳でボリューム調整ができる点もよいです。これまでの(安めの)イヤホンでは失敗しがちなペアリングも一発でした。耐久性はこれからですが、現時点で
不満はありません。
    普段の通勤時等はAirPodsを使用していますが、ジョギングやサイクリング時における落下の恐れがどうしても拭えないので安心感のあるフック付きのタイプの中
からこの商品を選びました。ケースから取り出しての自動接続は　初期設定以後　全く問題無くボリューム調整が左右共に装備されているので、片側使用時でも本体操作が不要で
大変便利です。もちろん　ジョギング中のフィット感も良くズレ等の煩わしさは皆無で、通話時の音質も十分な性能を持っていることが分かり　この製品のコスパには　とても満
足しています。尚、イヤホン本体と充電器の残容量の表示は、常にケース本体に各々表示されるので適したタイミングで充電が可能なのも、便利な機能だと感じました。これなら
長く付き合っていけると思います。
    早速ランニング時に使ってみたところ耳掛けのアーチが小さめになっているのでしっかり耳にホールドします。少し強度の高い運動時につけても落下しないでしょう。音
質も良いし、値段も安くてお買い得だと思います。充電器に接続するとどの程度充電がされているか%表示されるのがとても便利です。
    前のモデルを使用していたのですが、壊れてしまったので、再度購入しました。以前より、音もよくて、デジタル表示も見やすくて、とても良いです！お値段以上でした
    最高な商品です。 耳も痛くならない ペアリングも早い 通話しててもはっきり聞こえます。買っても損はない商品だと思います。
    音質も良く形もランニングにとても最適です。コストパフォーマンスが良く買って良かったです！
    前作から愛用していて、新作が出ていので購入しました。イヤホンを充電する本体にイヤホンをセットすると本体とイヤホンの残りの充電量が表示されるのは凄く有り難
いです。(本体の充電器も付属していました。)イヤホンを使って見た率直な感想を書いて見ました。音質：超高音質・音割れ無し。付け心地：縦に付けるタイプでフィット感が
あり、運動をしても取れる心配はありません。しかも軽い。見た目：コンパクトでカッコいい値段：安すぎる。1万円以上と言われても疑わないくらい音質が桁違いでした。総合
評価：☆5是非、皆さんもこの音質の良さと使いやすさを味わって見てください。また次回作があれば必ず購入したいと思います。
    My 9 year old daughter loves these,  they fit her comfortably and has said
they have great sound.
    This is a wonderful product! They are very comfortable with a bendable
rubber piece that wraps around the ear. The directions are easy to figure out
with the pamphlet included. The sound quality is good for the price. I love the
compact case that shows the battery life for each ear (which lasts long). All in
all 10/10.
    I've only had these headphones for a couple of days, but so far I've been
impressed.Took them out of the package, charged them and they paired perfectly
with my laptop and my Iphone.  NO issues there.I have problems with fitting
earbuds in my ear, so I bought these with the plastic ear wraps.  The ear wraps
are soft and flexible and not noticeable.  The earbuds fit great and I have no
fear of them falling out.The sound is clear.  The quality is comparable to a
decent set of headphones.  It's not going to rock your world, but for the price
it definitely does what its supposed to.Battery has lived up to expectations.  I
used one ear bud for almost 8 hours before getting the "Low Battery" warning...
I swapped to the other one with no problem at all.The LED indicators in the case
show the power level of the case 0-100 which is great.  The individual power
bands don't seem to be registering properly, but this isn't a deal breaker for
me.I noticed that the listing said "Noise-isolating" not "Noise-canceling."  I
didn't expect these to be noise canceling, but they do a decent job of covering
background noise, again like a decent pair of headphones.Tomorrow I'm going
running in them, so I can't speak to that yet, but I tried really hard to get
them to fall out.  I'll update the review after the run.It's definitely worth
giving a shot at this price point and as a company they seem interested in
building a brand, so they actually care about what you think.
    Well, so far, so good. Bass is waaay better than another set of sport
earbuds I had; it's not thumping, but ir's decent; good enough for me. Also,
microphone for phone calls seems to be good, people I've called said they hear
me loud and clear, no buzzing or static. I like the case, too, with it's digital
display.
    Bought these initially as a back up to my Jlabs ear buds of similar style.
These have outperformed the Jlabs in battery life but not quite in sound
quality. The sound is quite good but just not quite as crisp as the Jlabs. For
online gaming, which I use them most for, these earbuds are now my go to as the
Jlabs rarely last more than two to three hours of constant use where the Occiam
earbuds last more than 6 hours. (yes, I know, I need to get out more, I blame
Covid...) I also like the digital display in the charging case. This indicates
how much charge is left in the case battery for recharging. The actual charge of
each ear phone is indicated by an LED light bar with a 4 LED  scale for each ear
phone.On a side note, I have not paired these with my phone. I probably will
when I go hiking and may update the review when that happens.In the end, I am
VERY happy with the performance, the battery life and of course the price. I
will be buying a second pair of these real soon to be back ups to my first pair.
    Great pair of headphones at the right price point. I have two little kids
and I move around a lot at work and I do a lot of chores at home have long days
and having a dependable headphones that just work is important. I've had them
for a couple weeks and so far they connect to the Bluetooth every time without
failure. The sound quality is good I think for the price, no complaints. the
most fabulous thing about these headphones is the fit if inside the ear tiny
buds don't work for you this might. They are very light and the fit is very lite
on the ear. It's lovely. The displays inside the case are fine they're bright
they work. The other favorite thing that I like about these headphones is that
they have a button instead of a touch pad. And I like a button that clicks. It's
more dependable I know it's not going to come on inside of my pocket if I have
to throw my headphones inside my pocket at work. Definitely a big button fan
over the touchpad. Yeah nothing less than five stars at this price.
    I own many different bluetooth phones for different applications. I have big
headphones to listen to music. However, I also search for small earbuds for non-
music usages.My first criteria is single ear. I want to keep the other ear open
to the surrounding, when I am on call/teleconference or just listen to music.
This is very important when I need to watch for kids at home or roam on streets,
subways, airports.I also want them to be small, easy to carry in pockets, and
can be paired quickly. I started with Plantronics M50 many years ago, the main
complaint is the inflexible plastic ear hook that may be broken and
uncomfortable in long calls. Later I bought some other Airpod-style earphones,
but they are always prone to fall off my ear canals when I bend or lean towards
side. It is pain to constantly raise a hand to cover the earbud in my ear.My
third criteria is left and right can be paired to different devices
independently. b/c I constantly deal with multiple devices and don't want to
carry too many earphones. For this reason I skipped JLab's JBuds Air Sport.This
Occiam TWS earbuds fit all my criteria perfectly. I just need to carry a single
box in my backpack, b/c I can pair one earbud to my laptop and the other to my
cellphone. I can take it out of the box and get it connected in a few seconds.
The soft ear hook feels very comfortable on my ears in hours-long
teleconferences and stay securely on my ear no matter how my body moves.I also
commend the customer service representatives in Occiam. They responded back to
my inquiries very fast and provided very satisfactory service.
    I love these headphones! Great price and work the same as most expensive
ones. I only wear one at a time when I'm doing things around the house and the
sound quality is excellent. The range seems to work pretty well too. I leave my
phone in the kitchen a lot to go a level up or a level down in my house and I
can still hear crystal clear.My husband was trying to talk to me the other night
while I only had one side in and nothing was playing on my phone at the time. He
was about 6 feet away and I couldn't make out clearly what he was trying to say
so I had to take the piece out. Obviously the noise cancelation part works
great!They are also really comfortable and don't hurt the inside of my ear like
the style that are just buds do.The charge lasts a long time. I wear one side
during most of the day, about 6 hours and never had to recharge it. They come
with the charging cord you'd need, its a newer version. The kind that came with
my galaxy s10. Pairing is easy as well. I did have one issue with one of the ear
buds  sound going in and out but i emailed the customer care team and they
quickly responded to resolve the situation. I haven't found anything I dont like
about them yet besides you can't travel too far from your connected device but
for me the distance is perfect.
    This pair of Occiam Bluetooth Headphones are the best bluetooth headphones
I've ever had. Speaking from a DJs point of view the sound is amazing and it has
incredible bass with clear highs. The phone quality is excellent with very clear
voice sounds and a very clean microphone for so peaking. The battery life is
very good it lasted me all day and I was at 68% at the end of my work day. I
would and I am going to highly recommend the Occiam Bluetooth Headphones to
anyone who wants a excellent quality pair of headphones at a very affordable
price.
    Product arrived in nice packaging.  I'll test these out at the gym tomorrow.
Love the look and they feel very comfortable.  Will test the battery life once
they are fully charged.UPDATE:Successful time at the gym wearing these.  The
sound was really good.  Other buds seem too low in volume.  I never felt like
these were coming out of my ear like with other buds...and most importantly the
battery lasted through my whole work out.  I had experience with another brand
that I had to return because they would die after 45 minutes.  These worked fine
the whole time.
    I have used several types of Bluetooth before now and not happy with one
thing or the other about them but, now, I am happy with everything about Occiam
Bluetooth Headphone.1. The Bluetooth fits firmly to ears with its strong
hanger2. The Sound quality of the Bluetooth is 100% satisfactory3. The Noise
cancellation of the Bluetooth is 100% satisfactory4. The Battery life of the
Bluetooth is 100% satisfactory5. The charger case is not too big or bulky to
carry around6. The charger case charges faster than many other BluetoothI am
sure anyone that buys Occiam Bluetooth Headphone would not regret buying it.
    Won't fall out of ear but if wearing a facemask the buds entangle with the
mask. Easy to use, just charge up earbud bank and it will charge the buds for
one week (I use one ear bud for each use). Battery life is ok, one bud lasts
from morning till almost evening with spaced out use. Got into the routine of
giving a bud a break and switch out buds mid evening. Sound quality is also ok
but not great, if using high volume the music distorts and garbles, but I like a
medium low level anyways so its not an issue. I've been able to pair my 2 phones
fairly easily with these buds, but sometimes pairing can be stubborn so I just
pop em back into the charger bank and start over, usually it corrects this way.
Nosie cancellation is great, I was able to hear my music while vacuuming on the
highest volume.
    THESE HAVE GONE BEYOND MY EXPECTATIONS AND I LOVE THEM!!!! My husband has
wireless headphones and always complains about them not working about 6 months
into using them, so I was expecting a cheap pair that would last me a few months
and I’d have to replace. NOPE. These headphones  1. Have great sound quality. 2.
The battery life is excellent, I use them all the time and rarely run out of
charge/do not charge them that often. 3. Are resilient! Let me tell you a
story.......I used these outside working in the yard and left them on my
windshield to remind myself to bring them indoors... of course I forgot to bring
them in. I also forgot I left them there, so the next morning leaving for work
my windshield was frosted so I turned on the wipers and left for work. When I
got to work I remembered I forgot them on my windshield. I searched my
windshield to not find them anywhere. Devastated that I thought I might have
lost them driving on the highway, I was about to order replacements. When I got
home I thought, “well maybe the wipers threw them in the driveway.” SURE ENOUGH
I found them in my driveway, they had been sitting in the rain for 4+ hours, AND
I RAN THEM OVER.  The darn things still work. The case is cracked but the
earpieces themselves are perfect, and they still charge. BUY THESE WIRELESS
HEADPHONES!!!!!!!!!!
    They are super light and very comfortable and very easy to set up.  My only
complaint is that the case makes noise when it is on (charging itself or the
headphones) but it isn't super loud.Update* I really like these headphones.  The
sound quality is great but I had to lower my rating slightly.  I got a second
pair of these and have now discovered that the noise I spoke of was actually a
defect in the first pair so I don't know of how frequently that occurs.  The
battery on the case would also drain very quickly even when not in use. I would
go to bed with charged headphones and a case at 85% only to wake up to the case
dead which then had to be plugged in to get the headphones to just connect upon
removal from the case.  We will see if that was also part of the defect or
not...  They do have very quick and responsive customer service and immediately
contacted me to rectify the situation. Awesome customer service.  Super fast
response even in the weekend and they work to make things right!
    I bought these for just keeping handy for doing things around the house, but
I've started carrying them with me, and they've come in handy when the stores
are already playing INSIPID CHRISTMAS MUSIC already.I like the over-the-ear
style. I did not buy them for running, but if my running earbuds fail, I would
not hesitate to use these while running, especially seeing as how I can use
either of them independently. In fact, that's how I've been using these, mostly,
with just one in while listening to podcasts.The sound quality is fine, and no
better and no worse than another pair I have (that is not the over-the-ear style
and tend to fall out) that cost $80.Some people talk about good or bad "noise
cancelation" but people say all kinds of things. No earbuds in this price range
are going to offer noise cancelation. As for SOUND ISOLATION, these are just
fine, with three sizes of SILICONE (not foam) earpieces. And it looks like it's
a pretty standard size hub, so you can probably put earpieces from other earbuds
on here if none of the three included make you as happy as a clam.Battery life
has been good, and the indicator is a pretty slick feature. I dig it.
    Just got these and I'm impressed. I spent quite some time researching
different wireless headphones and earbuds before I came across these. I love
that these are completely wireless but still go over the ear for a more secure
fit. They're comfortable for my ears as well which is absolutely fantastic.
Other earbuds I've tried (more mainstream brands such as skullcandy and other
ones) always fit ok at first but within an hour or sometime less my ears are in
pain.The noise reduction is spot on for both ends. I like to play my music loud
enough to block out most sounds but usually that means others around me can hear
the beat of my music or something of the sort. With these not only do I not need
to have the music very loud to cancel out noises going on around me, no one else
hears my music! Fantastic! I dont know about any one else but that is something
that would drive me insane way too often.Battery life is solid and I like that
you can see how much battery life is left for each earbud. Sometimes I like to
only have one earbud in so I can have a conversation with someone at the same
time while doing a task.
    Ok. I was using a different brand and I've had them for 6 months and now the
right ear won't seat in the charging case without me having to jimmy-rig-it with
a toothpick. I contacted that seller and they didn't ever get back with me. I
would have just ordered another set but I didn't want to spend $65 on an item
that only lasted for 6 months!I ordered another brand that had great ratings.
Got them. Used them. Hated them. Why? Lemme tell you why I love these:First,
longevity of these bluetooth headphones is pretty awesome. I sometimes work a 10
hour or 12 hour shift and I need them to last me that long to get thru it. I
take lunch at 6 hours, put them back in their charger box and I'm good to go for
the last 4 or 6 hours. Also, the other brand I was using before they stopped
charging, had control buttons on each ear piece. You have a volume up and down
button on the top of the ear piece itself and then on the side or outward facing
part of the ear piece is a button for pause and play. It may have another
function but I am unsure. The second set I bought did NOT have these features.
You had to hold the outward button down for 2 seconds to increase volume, quick
button push to pause/play and what if the volume was too high? I didn't know how
to fix that.Second, comfort is also a key element. Everybody has different ears.
The first day I wore these my left ear didn't like them too much but I wasn't
ready to give up yet. It took me a couple of more days to figure out just how to
set them in my ear so they were comfortable.Third, sound quality is pretty
great! I don't listen to a  lot of music (yeah I know I'm weird) but I do an
awful lot of podcasts and audiobooks and if the "readers" sound tinny I don't
wanna listen you know? Great balance. I need to be able to hear the low notes or
tones and the higher notes sometimes. These are really rounded in sound. I like
that.Fourth, cost. $40 was about my price range. I knew I didn't want to spend
any less because the quality also goes down with lower prices but I also liked
that I didn't have to donate an arm and maybe a leg for these.Fifth, I have yet
to use them as a bluetooth connected to my phone for phone calls but I'm sure
I'm going to like it a lot. I talk to my parents everyday on the way to work and
hands free is essential and EVERYBODY should be hands free but I don't make the
laws.My only complaint and it's really quite minor is when I take them out of
the case and put them in my ear it takes probably a full 5 to 7 seconds for them
to say "CONNECTED". One other thing: the earbud tips, they give you 3 different
sizes but I prefer the memory foam ones and I have to remove them to get the
earbuds back into the charging case. This is the only thing I would change if I
could. Just a little more space in the case for different earbud tips.So A+++
    So far I am very happy with the product. My coworkers say the mic picks me
up clearly and the audio is good too. My husband said the wires earbuds from
Apple are better but if I hadn’t done a comparison mid call he wouldn’t have
noticed the difference.I like the smallest size ear pads, they are very
comfortable for my ear (most are usually too big and hurt after a bit).I like
that I can use both or one earbuds as I need or want. I like the storage case
and the charge indicator. They pair very easily and and are comfortable to
wear.I decided I needed a Bluetooth earbud set after my cat caused a phone
catastrophe, getting caught on the wire from my wired earbuds, yanking the phone
off the table, and shattering my phone (even with a case on).
    The size of the ear phones are great.  I can never get ear buds to stay in
so I especially love the added security of over the ear feature.  I just
received them so I haven't really got any miles on them but they look like the
quality is good.  I will have to leave an update after using them for a period
of time.  The earbuds have wireless charging which is a huge added feature. I'm
pretty confident I wont lose these bad boys. The only negative I see so far is
you have to leave a review in order to claim the free earbuds offered as a
prize.  Kinda hard without getting to use these first.  They do look promising
though.  Will update if they wind up sucking
    Well, I finally got tired of wired earbuds especially as I started piling on
the winter layers, I tried a few pairs of wireless, one of them was poor sound
quality and static so I wasn't too bummed when it easily fell out of my ear for
the 30th or so time and got lost, the second sounded ok but also easily fell
out. I got these a a backup to try a different brand because I knew the 2nd pair
would soon follow the fate of the first. I love the Occiam, the sound quality is
exceptional for music and passed my elderly moms hearing issues, they are very
comfortable ( so much so that I fell asleep in one once, thought I'd lost
another and then found it in my pillows! ) They really hug your ear and I am
confident that I will not lose this pair, but if I do I will replace with
another of this brand! Highly recommend and great value...
    I've been looking for a headset that replaces my bulky and heavy Plantronics
Voyager. It's been quite a search but I think I have the closest one yet.What I
really like about this pair is how clear the sound is. Both in the sound that I
hear and from the volume of what the person I speaking with is hearing. It does
the job and I like it.One thing that I wish the headset will have is slightly
more bass and definition but other than that it provides adequate sound and
signal. I am completely satisfied.
    So coworker of mine chomps her gun so loud that I could hear it in my old
head phones and needed to have the sound up so high it would give me a headache
but I HATE when people eat like they were born in a barn!!! And no matter how
many times I asked her to stop she would for a bit then it would sound like a
cow eating 🤮 anyway so I got these headphones to see if it would help and these
work so good!!! I can have it at a normal sound level and I can't hear my
coworker plus it gives me the flexibility to move around with out having to
carry my phone!!
    They are loud enough I can ignore people or just zone out. They don't fall
off which was a big thing. I don't like headphones because they either fall out
or the big ones hurt my ears. They work with my very picky Bluetooth music
player.Also, these bad boys survived an accidental excursion through my washing
machine AND dryer.I love these.EDIT 1/10/21: I did notice that a lot of people
were commenting on the charging device holding a charge. I will say this is does
die after a while--mine in particular, I noticed it does hold a charge up to
about 1-2 days before hitting zero if not using it. If use after charging
obviously that'll deplete it if I don't charge it again.
    I love my AirPods, but they aren't quite secure enough to stay in my ears
while on my runs, requiring me to keep re-seating them back in my ears every 5
minutes or so.  So I was looking for a pair that would be more secure while
working out, but not break the bank, and providing some of the conveniences of
my AirPods.  These seem to be an excellent value and meet my needs.  The ear
hooks keep them seated correctly while I run (6-8miles), the battery is perfect
for my use, and I love the charging case has battery and charging indicators.
Sound quality is good, not great, but given the cost, it should meet your
expectations.  Very happy with these headphones!
    These are the first pair of earbuds (after trying on quite a few) that
actually stay on my ear the whole time while running. Most ear hooks I have
found, are either way too ridged or like a "wet noodle" as others have said.
These are a perfect in-between to me. They even stay on while I take my mask on
and off. I have had some trouble with the volume working consistently but the
sound quality is great, the range is great, and they are very comfortable. I
have had to contact the company and they were quick to respond and very helpful.
    bought these to use with my metal detector. they link up quickly and easily.
i have used them for hours and they barely use battery. they fit my ears
comfortably and after of hours of use they remain so. i have the volume turned
down very low as they will blow your head off at up around max i would imagine.
the little charging case is great as well and if you dont put it in a pants
pocket it should be sturdy enough to last a long time, just be aware of the case
and be gently with it. it could stand to be sturdy enough to carry it in jeans
etc, but alas it is not. that notwithstanding i would highly recommend this
product to anyone needed such devices
    If you're looking for decent wireless ear buds on a budget these are a great
option.  The sound quality doesn't match say, Bose or Sennheiser, but neither
does the price.  They sound good though and are easy to wear.  You won't forget
that you're wearing them but you won't be uncomfortable either.  The tips are
soft and the ear loop is low profile so you can wear them for extended periods
without wanting to rip them out.My husband has a comparable pair of Vislla ear
buds at the same price and nearly identical design, also with good sound.
Compared to these, Visllas are heavier on the bass and these Occiams have more
emphasis on midrange / vocals (which I like).The case charging display is
helpful and the size fits nicely in a pocket.  It's a little odd that when you
open the case the right ear bud is on the left and vice versa, but no big deal.
Battery life is great.  I like the separate volume buttons on the top of each
ear bud and that either one can be the master.  Pairing is simple and after the
initial scan, the process is automatic--it happens when you remove them from the
case.
    UPDATE!! 11/21/2020Since my last post of a 1 star. Occiam contacted me again
and explained the situation and rectified my faith and trust in them. It takes a
real, true person to be honest, admit their mistake, apologize and make up for
it. I really do love the buds, they even offered me money instead of the free
pair of earbuds as my prize. But, I really wanted a pair for my husband, so I am
waiting for them, and I have no doubt that if O have any further problems, Sammi
will be there to help me out. If they had more stars I'd give them 5 more. 🌟  🌟
🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 😁😁😁😁Update!!! 11/20/2020What I said below is true, but the
company did a spoof job on my. It emailed a few times asking for 5 stars. And,
with the buds came this card about a gift of percentage off. My card was for a
gift, all the cards are probably a gift. They were going to send me another pair
of buds for free, and give me a year warranty for free. We were conversating
back and forth really well, I still had not done the review yet. My last email
to them asked if the warranty was for both the buds. This was right after the
review. All of a sudden the same email we went back and forth on came back to
me. No more contact. Poof, they disappeared....DO NOT GIVE YOUR REVIEW UNTIL YOU
GET EVERYTHING!!!!! That's bad business man, just really bad
business.******************************************Love the fit, sound is
dynamic. battery life is ok. I usually have problems with the buds going in my
ear. These buds have extra small covers and that's just what I needed. The sound
is out of this world. I think it lowers the sound also so that you won't have
music blasting in your ear. Battery life is ok I guess, I haven't really paid
attention to its length of time. It lasts for as long as I need it, and the case
recharge is great too.
    I have gone through  a good half dozen wireless earbuds. While the sound is
off one will fall out of my ear and get lost. That will not be the case with
these. The sound is crisp and clear with good base. Of course I have only had
these for one day. I especially love the lighted number tell me how much charge
in the box. and the lighted scale telling me how much charge is in the earbuds.
The hooks for the ears will be a master stroke for very active people like me.
This is an addendum 1 week later. These are so conformable I forgot to remove
them when I went to bed. Woke the next morning and had a shower. Later found my
earbud in the shower. Stayed in my ear all night and only fell out while I was
taking a shower. After drying it off with a towel I set it aside, not in the
charger for few hours and then charged it and it worked just fine. I am going to
buy another set so when I finally find a way to break or lose these I will have
a back up.
    Pairing was easy, sound is amazing, fit is superior to any other headphones
I've owned. I've owned earbud style headphones including $200 Bose that are too
heavy & fall out, over- the-ear headphones that can get sweaty, around-your-neck
styles that fall out or get in the way, and wired ear-hook styles like these
(which I think fit best). These offer the best of everything - fit, weight,
sound, and let me say this about noise cancelation: even at a moderate volume, I
can't hear a word anyone is saying, even right next to me. To say that I'm
impressed is an understatement.
    I use these for work daily (10+ calls per day) and love them!  Easy to pair,
battery life is decent, but between calls I will just pop them in the case since
it charges the headphones several times on a single charge.I have used them on a
couple runs and they were comfortable with great sound for music.  I didn't have
to adjust them even with bouncing.  Highly recommended!
    I have been buying alot of earbuds. I have a big family and every one wants
something different.  But these do it all. Great sound and low price. Most of
the buds I have bought have less then Great stable connection. Most the time
they work well but drop out occasionally. These haven't dropped out once.
Another thing is most are ok but when making a call they have issues. These seem
great. I sound clear and can hear with no issues.  I even wear them while
vacuuming and I still hear well. They stay on my ear even during walks. Oh and
unlike most they have an up and down volume so no accidentally turning it up
trying to turn down. All In all they are well rounded and don't seem to have
downsides. I would recommend these to anyone needing ear buds. The only thing I
would change is to have a bigger battery and port to use to charge my phone like
some other brands but would get again either way.
    I bought these earbuds to replace my broken ones and very happy with these.
They fit well and comfortable. Battery life is great. Overall, it's a solid set
for the price. Couple possible improvements: I wish they come with additional
sizes of the silicone hooks to fit younger people with smaller ears. Also, a
clear lid on top would help seeing the charging LED without opening the box.
    I pick berries in the summer and like to listen to music when I'm in the
woods.  The wires on wired ear buds kept catching on things and wireless ear
buds that just stick in your ears kept falling out.  I've now used these twice
and both times they stayed on perfectly, the sound is great and are very
comfortable.  Only down to 85% on the batteries after using them for over 4
hours.
    I have tried at least a dozen different types of wireless earbuds over the
past few years in a desperate attempt to find some that don't hurt my ears after
30 minutes.  I can truly say that these are the first ones that don't bother me
at all.  I put the smallest earbuds on them and because they go over my ear, the
weight isn't constantly pressing on my inner ear.The sound is great - crisp and
clear.They auto pair no problem (I've had other headphones that are a nightmare
to pair, so this was very nice.)The battery life is amazing, and you can
recharge them several times from the case.  Plus, there's a digital charge meter
so you can see when you need to recharge the case.All in all, I am super happy
with these earbuds, and would highly recommend them - especially considering how
comfortable they are and the great price!
    These work great.  They are very comfortable, the sound quality is good, and
the charging case is nice.  I have many other BT headphones but they are
attached by a wire to each other.  These are great without that wire especially
when working out - gives you complete freedom and no more wire sticking to your
neck.  I would highly recommend buying these.
    I needed earbuds that would stay in my ears during fast spins and twizzles
and also allow me to leave my phone at the wall of the rink. This set does that.
I need to say that I am not able to tell you if the sound quality is that of a
pair of Beats, per se, since I have no real experience here. But for my needs,
the distance is about 185 feet from the wall to the end of the arena and the
broadcast not only reaches, it never skips out if I face the other direction
which happened with older Bluetooth hookups, so annoying. They are comfortable
and the volume controls work well. The sound quality is great for my uses.  The
battery life of the case is great and allows me to only need to recharge once a
week. I'm happy I bought these, they are performing as I needed and hoped.
    These wireless headphones stay in great with their soft ear hooks and have
an impressive sound quality/volume for the cost.  The battery indicator in the
case goes the extra mile by giving you a reading on the case itself and each
individual ear piece.  The package came with a little scratch card, and I won a
second pair!
    These headphones sit very well in my ears without being too tight. The sound
quality is amazing, and I can listen to my podcasts without having the volume on
my phone all the way up.The mic works really well too. All my phone calls are
crystal clear and I can answer and hang up with the press of a button. It works
so much better than other earbuds I've tried that have you tap it like a fish in
an aquarium. I really recommend these headphones, especially when wearing a mask
can have other earbuds fall out.
    I have tried numerous other  kind/types of ear buds and had returned all of
them because of the way they fit/sound/or other negative issues.Yours is the
only one I would rate at delivering what you suggested on the Amazon description
and more.What I mean is no other ones give me the length of play back time yours
does the volume control, sound, fit, especially when you are active. Neat
display of battery levels. Ease of connecting to recharge by type "C" USB. And
most important at a affordable price.My opinion those high level earbuds that
cost 5 times(like Apple) more than  yours. Don't even come close to what your
OCCIAM offers.As you can tell I am very unpaid happy/satisfied customer.
    I love these head phones. I hike or do some sort of PT everyday, and use
these while I do so. They stay in my ear while I am running or taking a
sweatshirt off- they stay in my ear, which is why got them. I can stand it when
they fall out, or when I have to continually have to readjust them- I don’t have
to do that with these. Additionally, they do not hurt my ear after wearing them
for many hours. Oh, which reminds me- the battery life is great. I go out hiking
for 4 maybe 4 1/2 hours. They always last the entire hike, just as long as I
charge them after each use. I do have to recharge them every night, they do not
hold a charge otherwise. All in all, these have been my favorite earbuds.
    I loved these so much, that after 1 day, of receiving them. I bought a pair
for my friend. These are the perfect set for work from home and conference calls
that you get on. Since I am a Database Administrator for a health care
organization, these are perfect, since I need to type lot in my work. You can
also listen to music, without disturbing others. One of the most amazing
features it that you can use one or the other and they both have the ability to
control your phone. One other feature that is also amazing is, you can use one,
while the other is charging, and switch between the two, which doubles your talk
time.  It also means that you will always have a fully charged and ready one to
use. Lewie
    This is my first pair of having earbuds.  I've always be skeptical about
earbuds because it doesn't appear that they'll stay in your ear so, the wrap
around ear piece is a plus for me.  Also, I love the fact that these earbuds can
be used either together or independent of each other.  Very easy to sync to my
phone and the quality of sound is not bad.  The charger case gives you the exact
battery strength as well.  I'm totally satisfied at this point!
    Stopped charging after first use. Both worked one time then the left stopped
working. Then both stopped charging and we have not been able to get them to
work since. My fiance was excited to get over the ear buds for Christmas but I'm
going to have to return them.Company keeps reaching out to me telling me they
will pay me to delete this review. Very dishonest company...
    Just got it.  easy to pair, only tested for music, which is my main purpose.
Nice balanced warm sound, bass could be heard at 40Hz at median level.  High
frequency is heard up to about15k Hz, stopped suddenly at above frequency.
Tested another earbud, same scenario, sudden sound die-off above 15K Hz.
Perhaps my hearing capability?  Two drives are balanced well.  Listened a few 8D
music, very locational.  The hook is soft so there is no stress around the ears,
5 hrs on I didn't feel a thing.  Didn't test for call and waterproof.  BTW, this
earbud is the pick after two returns of other brands (not the hook type).
Overall, I do recommend it.
    The product was bought to replace another brand that was not very good at
all.  This product worked exactly how the manufacture said it would.  The ear
pieces paired together right out of the case immediately without a problem.
After the two ear pieces paired then they both paired with my computer without a
problem.  It was simple easy and quick.  The product has held a charge over at
least 6 hours of continued use, the case has held a 90%+ charge over the past 3
days, even after charging the ear pieces twice during that period.  So far I
like these.  This review is after using them for 3 days.
    I have always struggled with airpods and earbuds staying in (which meant I
couldn't really use them unless I was stationary otherwise I might lose them).I
received these at Christmas and have been using them the past weeks and really
like them.  These have a loop that goes over your ear so falling out is no
longer a problem!  (That is a huge thing for me.)They are very comfortable, hold
their charge very well, and have a great volume range.They do have a built-in
microphone so can be used for phone calls, but I have been told by those on the
other end of the line that the clarity is not the best, so I use these only for
listening purposes.For the price, these are an excellent value and I would
recommend them.
    When I first got these today, I also was very disappointed with the sound
quality and the volume control would not work. I then learned that you need to
go into your Bluetooth settings on your phone, then go to the advanced settings
(see picture). You will then need to turn on the  Media volume sync (see
picture) after doing this the headset will then match your phone's volume and
the volume control will also work. Hopefully this will help the ones that are
having issues with the volume. I have a Galaxy phone so I'm not sure if the same
solution will work for an Apple phone. Now that the sound is fixed, I actually
have to turn it down because it's too loud. This is a great buy!!!! Just to
think, I almost returned them... I'm so happy that I didn't!!! Blessing always,
Gene
    Pairing took about 2 minutes to complete, and then I got to listen to the
sound. For the price, you just can't beat these headphones! I was really
impressed. I made a couple calls to friends and call quality was good on both
ends as well. The case could use a little work; it's not very user friendly for
arthritic hands. I haven't had them llong enough to run down the battery yet, so
that's a good thing - seems like battery life is pretty darn good because I've
been using them a lot during workouts and around the house cleaning. I may even
order a second pair to use just for my tablet while watching movies in bed at
night so I won't be a disturbance! Love them!!
    I just got this product yesterday. The shipping was great timing. I charged
them but they keep saying 78% charged even though I left them 2 hours. I will
leave them over night to charge se of that changes. But I did try them.
Connected easy to portable MP3 player and sounds great. I said I would buy again
but no I wouldn’t. Sound is great and connect easy to device but don’t charge
completely. Charged overnight and only said 68%. They are comfortable and stay
secure.
    Excellent. Lightweight and comfortable on the ears. The hook is flexible and
soft which makes it a plus. I am able to literally shake my head and the earbud
stays in and on my ears.  The sound is good and you don't have to turn it up
very high to hear it. The display is bright and easy to read, really helpful for
someone like me that uses corrective lenses. The price is great too, I paid
double what this cost for another brand earbud that had the same quality.  Would
DEFINATELY buy again....because I bought for husband and I can't keep them.  :-)
    Sound Quality is very good and nearly as good as the Airpod Pros I tried
out.  The battery life is between 8-10 hours.  People can hear clearly when
talking on the phone.  For the most part, the audio stays synced when watching
videos. If it gets out of sync pausing and hitting play fixes it.  These also
are very light and sit snugly and comfortably for multiple hours a day.Areas of
improvement - being able to view the charge status through the top would be
great and the ability to be paired to two devices at the same time.
    I got these for my girlfriend for Christmas. She says they work really well
and she is enjoying them. I enjoyed the price and the fact that she could have
ear buds to see if they worked for her. I had no issues pairing them up via
Bluetooth. The only thing keeping me from a 5 star review is the battery life is
far less than advertised. Also the charging cord did not work but I had another
one to use so charging up for initial use was accomplished. Also the cord was
very short for the method we use to charge. I guess if you had a charging
station you'd be fine. Anyway, customer support was very good about staying in
touch and quite responsive. Also it was nice that they came with three sizes of
ear cushions so she was able to find a set that fit in her ears.
    Decent earbuds and comfortable to wear around ears. Downside to them is that
while sitting and charging, they make a small buzzing sound. That and the
earbuds don't sit well in the case, constantly then hooking up to your phone
even though they should be off. I had to fill my case with foam and cloth to
push them down onto the charger and prevent it from connecting.
    Seriously, for the price how can you go wrong?  I had some of the well known
fruit themed ones and they died within 2 weeks! If these last 6 months I could
buy a new pair every six months for years!  They turn on automatically like the
other well known brands. They’re really a good deal. I can’t stress that enough.
    the ear buds are fantastic but my case pin broke first day so now I have to
rubber band it to keep case together.  Great quality and I like that it
automatically connects when you remove from case, makes switching from phone
call to ear buds quick and not noticeable to caller. That is probably my
favorite feature, but i also really like that the percentage of battery life is
easy to see. they are very comfortable to wear and don't fall out easy and I am
in and out of vehicle 75 + times a day.
    For the price, these headphones are really quite good. I really appreciate
that each one has a different volume control, and they can be worn together or
solo.I purchased these headphones to wear listening to music and podcasts while
doing chores or working out. The charging case is a good size - not so small
you'll lose it but still fits in a pocket.I did have one little flub where it
almost seemed like they were cutting out from each other while I was wearing
them. I charged them, and it solved the issue, so who knows? They're fine now.
The battery life seems a little shorter than expected, but they still last a
long time. I do love that you can charge the case!They are also very
comfortable, and I don't feel like they're going to fall out of my ears even
when running.All in all, they're worth every cent, and I'm very pleased!
    I have sent two other models ( from other companies/sellers)  back.  The
others just weren’t loud and just by turning my head , would sometimes fall off
my ear.  One model would charge one ear piece up to about 70% and the other to
about 48%. This Occiam is plenty loud enough and STAYS on MY  EAR  !  Pairing
was automatic..... I only had to select the model on my phone , and it paired in
5 seconds .  I can’t speak to the noise cancellation they advertise as a
feature..... I just haven’t used it long enough.  But, for my short use ( 1.5
weeks)  this brand gets 5 stars.
    I have tried a lot of headphones in my day and was skeptical about buying
another set.  However, the sound quality from these is far superior to others I
have owned.  They are comfortable, I actually forgot I was wearing them the
other day.  They charged quickly, I also like the case and the way you can see
how much charge is left.  They were super easy to pair to each other and then to
my phone.  They feel light on my ears, even when exercising and jogging.  They
stayed put without pinching my ears.  I have not had them long so I cannot say
for sure that the battery life is great.  If it fails I will update my review.
So far, I would highly recommend these for daily use, during work, exercise, or
just all day wear.
    This is the third set of wireless headphones I have purchased.  The sound is
good, noise cancellation is good, but not TOO good.  I like to be aware of my
surroundings, so I usually wind up taking one out when walking alone.You can
pause and restart, and answer the phone with a touch on the side. (  one brand I
tried  were so sensitive that my hair brushing against them would turn them off.
These are perfect.)I also have smaller ears and other brands don't fit right and
pop out.  These are a better fit, but the over-ear part sold me for sure.Third
time's a charm!
    I bought 2 of these one for me and one for my husband 30 days ago. They
worked great good battery life and great sound very few disconnects and I could
hear clearly 35+ feet away from my device. Then one of my buds stopped getting
sound after trying the trouble shooting steps I contacted the seller and
requested a replacement and with in 1 day they had me a new set I haven't even
made it down to return the prior set yet though they give you quite a while to
do so but great quick service and I am very happy with this purchase.
    Pleasantly surprised by the fit, feel, sound, style and battery life!Fit and
feel: Not too tight or loose. The hook adds more retention, taking less pressure
off the inner ear. It's snug enough to be very noise cancelling or I can loosen
the earbud and have the hook on so that I can hear someone talk while still
listening to my audio.Sound: The balance of bass and treble is better than
expected. Sound may depend on your phone, app, or choice of music. For me the
bass is deep and clear.Battery: 4 days of 1.5 to 2 hours listening each day and
the battery is at 40% remaining. Much better than other buds I have (I've had 6
other pairs).
    I like the handy case / battery pack that shows the level of charge for the
ear buds and the case itself. When you  put the  earbuds in the case, they start
to charge . When you take them out, they automatically turn on and pair with
your device.  The controls on the earbuds to turn them on, off and volume
control are pretty easy to work with. My wife purchased one pair and we liked
them so much that I  purchased a second pair for myself. Unfortunately, the
second pair had a problem and over 24 hours would discharge the battery on the
charging case. I contacted Occiam by email and they  are correcting the problem.
    First time use: Case fully charged, paired with them and my phone showed 80%
charge. Started listening and within 5 minutes they said "power low". Two
minutes later they shut down from loss of power. Fantastic fit and build
quality. Too bad they couldn't get the actual function to match the form
factor.Update: I recharged them and watched the power level on my phone as they
went from 100% to 10% within the span of one song. A battery discharge that fast
doesn't seem safe in your ears, imo.
    Good sound quality and fits securely. I like the power display on the case.
Not for noise cancellation but you can hear the audio good over external sounds.
I have only had set for 4 days but overall satisfied with purchase. This company
offers you a free gift if give them a 5 star rating. The only thing is they
never deliver on the gift after you give them the rating. They will tell you to
buy the product again and give them another 5 star rating. What a scam
company!!!!!!
    First, I really like the fit and feel of these. They're not cumbersome and
the hook around the ear makes them feel secure.  The sound is very nice and the
charging case is well made and holds them nicely.  Also, the case holds a charge
for a very long time. Obviously, that would depend on how often you have to
charge your headphones fully from a very low state.  However, the battery life
appears to be quite long and adequate for just about anyone's needs. I
appreciate that you can use either one or both.  If you don't want to break the
bank and still get some quality headphones, these are a nice choice.
    Great form factor, charging case fits in my pocket, comfortable, NEVER fall
off, can be used one at a time or paired, easy to pair, charge in the case
multiple times.  Sound quality is good, although not audiophile quality, but
great for the price, good microphones in either or both earpieces, I get about 8
hours of podcasts on a charge.  When battery gets low, (audio announcement) I
just pop one in the charging case fr a few minutes, then swap earphones and
charge the other, so no interruptions.
    The Occiam Bluetooth Headphones came well packaged.  The charging station
works well and I like that I can use one earbud independently of the other.
They paired with my phone on the first try, and the sound is clear.  I haven't
used them long enough to gauge true battery life yet, but I'm not sure I
necessarily need to if I put the earbuds right back in the charging station when
I'm done using them.  The earbuds came with three different size rubber
earpieces so they are comfortable to wear and don't really pull on your ear as
some earbuds do.  I'll write another review in about six months once I have put
these earbuds through their paces, but first impressions say these are quality
earbuds.
    I couldn't be happier to step into the modern era of wireless headphones. I
am battery life challenged in all things cellular and I love that I can charge
the ear phones and the case simultaneously and if the ear phones go dead I can
pop them back into the case to charge without needing to plug in somewhere. I
plan on using them on future flights. I'll update later if anything changes, but
for now I couldn't be happier with the sound quality and the fact that they stay
in my ears!
    Over the years, I've spent a small fortune on headphones.  From the most
expensive to disposable.  I've never owned earbuds because I am notorious for
losing things.  This has been the best purchase I've made this year.  I love the
hooks that keep the buds and love the different cushions.The sound quality is
good.  Sound is not of particular interest. What is most important is the
ability to connect to my phone easily. These earbuds connect seamlessly. It
comes with an electronic charger case  for storage and easy charging.  I love
it!
    Product pairs easily with an iPhone and sounds good, but in use it randomly
loses contact with one or both ears.  It reconnects but after gaps in playback.
Very annoying.
    I wanted headphones/buds that were easy/quick to put in and take out, had
good sound, had sensible controls for mute/volume etc, and would stay firmly in
place for running/exercise.  After considering, trying and returning a number of
other products, these satisfied all my requirements.  The range of sound,
including base, is clear and pleasing; not EarPods sound quality but not too
much of a step down for the huge price difference.  The case is well made and
the charging indicator is a plus.  The controls on both left and right ear are
intuitive and easy to access.  Overall, I am impressed by the intelligent design
and quality of this product.
    This is my first review, so I will try to keep it short. Just got these
headphones so I can't say anything about battery, but pretty much everyone gave
it 5 stars so I'm expecting good results. I originally chose these because of
the high ratings from everyone, and they were not wrong. The audio is amazing
and its so easy to connect. I've been using this on both my laptop and phone and
it's been an amazing experience.Update: So I thought I had an issue with the
charge because they wouldn't charge no matter how much I used my Nintendo Switch
charger to charge them lol. Turns out It didn't work like that. So I plugged the
case in with the charger it came with and it's been charging. These are 10/10
earbuds and I recommend them to anyone.
    Ok, so I bought these because apple air pods just don’t stay in....That
being said, these do!.... plus I don’t have to push them all the way into my ear
to here, so no ear fatigue either....You can use one at a time, which doubles
the battery life.....Plus with battery charge display inside the box I k ow when
to recharge, which for my use is about once a week....So far so good.... Only
one month in..... Will update later..... Hope this helps
    My son needed new ear buds and wanted these after reading the reviews and
researching different ones. They definitely cancel noise cause he can’t hear us
calling him when he has them in! When he’s in his moods you can hear the music
across the room word for word! Battery life could be better but they last him 48
hrs then he has to charge them now that he’s back in school and can’t use them
all day. When used all day he has to charge them that night. He’s very happy
with them
    I was a little skeptical of the warranty registration process originally,
since it was supposed to come with a free gift, and figured it might come with
something like this, an ask to leave a 5-star review. With that said, I
purchased these for my wife and we have both used them over the last couple of
weeks. I was pleasantly surprised by the sound quality and the general ease of
use. My wife has tiny ears, so even the smallest ear pillows don't fit her
perfectly, despite this, I still see her regularly use them. It seems her
favorite mode is just using a single one to listen to the news in the mornings
while sitting outside with her coffee. I personally love the stereo mode. I have
had a number of over-ear studio headphones, gaming headsets, and mid-high tier
ear buds, both Bluetooth and wired over the years, and so far these are proving
to be an incredible value! The sound cancelling also works great! I would not be
giving this product this review if I felt the quality/price quotient was not
there. Do I still love my significantly more expensive over-ear studio
headphones while I'm at the house? Yes. Would I like a pair of these if I ever
need to go back to the office or listen to music in public? Also, yes.
    These are worth there price !! I like these better than my past overpriced
samsung earbuds. The sound is great. They sounds honestly better than any others
i have tried. I like that these don't have a dominant earbud. So if u want to
use either bud @ anytime it works. I have small ears & this style is great !
Don't even no there on after a short time. The case is nice as well shows
individual charge of each earbud. The case is durable & not overly big .
    Overall, these are nice and have 3 sizes of ear inserts included. They're
awkward to put on, but secure.Sound quality: so-so. Cuts out under pressure
(e.g. doesn't work well with balaclava/ski mask)Battery life: about the same in
use or not (~8 hrs)Case: pocket-safe, but lid pops off easily when openComfort:
you feel them, but not bad for a few hours
    This is an awesome product and the price is a steal!  I bought one pair (a
different brand) for my daughter and we had to return them because one ear kept
dropping in/out.  I replaced them with the Occiam Bluetooth Headphones-True
Wireless Earbuds 48Hrs Playtime Earphones.  So far they have been great, they
sound great, last a long time after charging and keep up with her active
lifestyle.  We are very happy with the purchase and would recommend them to
anyone else to try.
    So many things to like.Sound is very good.Comfort also very good, you are
hardly aware they are even in place.Security excellent they stay put far,
far,better than standard or wireless earbuds.Charging is a snap. There is an
active indicator for each ear bud in the charging station. Also a battery gauge
telling how much power is left in the charging statio.This unit will charge the
earbuds on the reserve power or with the unit plugged in.
    Got these for my 14 year old daughter for Christmas. Opened Christmas eve,
needed to recharge mid Christmas day due to serious use! Sound is great for
something in this price range, nice low range without distorting, mids are clear
and distinct, highs are sharp and clear.while putting them away for the night
just a bit ago the lid fell off the case!We found the lid but there was only one
hinge pin where it clearly looks like there should have been two. I was able to
get it back together, and tried opening it and it easily fell off again.Over all
the case is the weakest part of these earbuds. the buds them selves have a good
sturdy feel, the case give clear information on the status of both the case
power supply, and the earbuds power supply, but the outer feel and construction
appears to have been overlooked by quality control.Will send the company an
email and see if they address the issue, if they stand by the product, I will
increase my rating, if not, then buyer beware!
    Don't get me wrong this is awesome product I want to give it a higher review
if it wasn't for the fact that every time I put the  the Bluetooth in the case
the bluetooth bounce up and down causing the case to charge them when already at
100 percent  the case dies really fast but other than that it works well for the
price
    These headphones are incredible given the price point and how well they
perform. They hold a charge extremely well, sound quality is great as well as
the comfort. Minor glitches sometimes when I’m out running but it’s once or
twice max and it reconnects itself without any intervention from me. 2 second
break in sound and then smooth sailing. Small price to pay for using them 6-8
times before needing to recharge the base and having zero issues otherwise.
    I've been using this product for about two weeks now, and below what I
found:Sound for Music:Bass is good. I've tried a few music styles, from Jazz,
Classic, RnB to Metal.Sound for Phone:The person on the other side can hear me
quite clearly. However, I notice more complaints when using Whatsapp for an
International call. But so far, the domestic call, regular, and VOIP are just
fine.Battery:I consistently get 3 (perhaps 3.5) charges from the charger, for a
total of 24-28 hours of use. The earbuds themselves can be played for close to 8
hours. A couple of times I used them for calls all day, and they worked perhaps
5-6 hours.Overall:For the price (less than $25), I found these earbuds satisfy
my need and would probably get another set.I will continue reviewing and testing
them for their other features and will update my review accordingly.
    I really wanted to write a good review for these but in all honesty, I can
not.  I've been wearing these for a few weeks now and every time I begin to
sweat, it seems, the right one cuts out, repeats, "Power On" several times.  I
take it out, dry it off, play with it a little bit, and then put it back it.
Sometimes that works, sometimes it doesn't.  Now the left one is starting to do
the same thing.  These are supposed to be sweat-proof and used during
exercising.  I can't tell you how annoying it is to try to get these to work
while still trying to keep pace and exercise.  I was so excited to get these and
begin using them because for the most part, the reviews were good.  Now, I'm
disappointed.
    These wireless headphones are a great buy.  I am very pleased with the sound
quality for listening to music and voice calls.  The microphone is excellent too
and provides excellent voice clarity.  The sound is a little on the base side
but not distracting.  They style of the headphones look a little dated but I
wanted something that would stay in my ear 100% of the time.  And, I can control
playback from the earpiece which is super convenient when im exercising.  I
don't have to pull my phone out to skip songs or take a voice call.  The
headphones fit great in my ear and the piece that goes around my ear is super
comfortable.  I can easily forget that I am wearing them.  The customer service
of Occiam is tops.  The first set I received would not charge due to a bad port
on the charging case.  Occiam promptly sent me a new pair.  No issues at all.
    I got these as a backup for when my airpods needed charging, but it turns
out I prefer them. They stay in and they're better at noise cancelling. I like
the fact that the charging pod tells you what percent battery it has. Sometimes
there's a little connectivity issue, which is why I can't 5 star it, but I've
had the same types of connectivity issues with the airpods, too, and these were
much less expensive, so I can't complain too much about it.
    Sound quality is just OK. Left earpiece doesn’t stay in place for me when
jogging and it also powers off and on frequently  after jogging for a while. Not
sure if it’s from sweat/moisture touching the charging contacts but it’s
extremely annoying. For the price they’re ok overall but they don’t work well
for me so I’m returning them. I think a lot of the 5 star reviews on here are
because the company promises a free gift if you write one.
    I've only had these a few days now but  I'm impressed with the sound
quality. Knowing that I can recharge with the case power supply 1 earbud at a
time when necessary is another great plus.  They have been easy and comfortable
to wear and are the first earbuds I've purchased that i needed to turn down in
volume instead of up all or nearly all the way .Now that I'm retired I'm looking
forward to listening to a lot of music before needing to recharge instead of
worrying do I have enough power left to complete a call to tech support before
my earbuds drop me from completing a call.
    Well, as the title implies, these are my first pair of wireless Bluetooth
headphones.  I have a Bluetooth single earpiece for phone calls but, thanks to
these, I guess I won't be needing it anymore.There are two earpieces with guards
for your ears so you don't have to worry about them falling out.  They come in a
case which doubles as a charger.  The usb cable, that is included, is really
short.  You may want to get a longer one.  Setup is a breeze.  You pair the
headphones with your favorite device.  They turn on and connect automatically
whenever you remove the earpieces from the case and disconnect when you put them
back in to charge.They fit beautifully.  Like a hand in a glove.  They are
comfortable, too.  Like a pair of your favorite shoes.  I'll use these, mainly,
for listening to music and for that they are perfect.  Controls, right at your
fingertips.  Play/Pause, skip track and volume with a simple tap on the buttons
located on the earpieces itself.  Best of all, no wires.  Great quality for the
price.
    I got these as a spare set to replace a bose sport plus set which are great
but I find that these are way faster at connecting between devices and I can use
them while gaming playing some fortnite with no issues.  They stay on and are
comfortable.  I can have them on for an hour or longer with no ache in my ears.
I'm not too worried about noise cancellation as I like to hear what's going on
around me while out exercising on while using them as a headset paired to my
phone while driving.  All in all a great set of buds for the price.  Highly
recommended.
    I’m really happy with these headphones. I don’t like the kind that just sit
in the ear. I prefer this style that hooks over the ear. It’s more comfortable
to me. I don’t listen to music with them much, so I can’t comment on the sound
quality for that. I mainly use them to listen audiobooks, podcasts, or watching
tv. For that purpose, they work great. I’ve been using them awhile now and they
seem to be holding up well.
    I was so surprised by the quality of sound in these earbuds. Wow! The sound
is so clear, the bass is deep, perfect EQ. Noise cancellation is good on music,
haven't tried it on a phone call yet. Lots of little tricks to learn yet but so
far very impressed.
    I bought these because I needed a pair of bluetooth earbuds so I could walk
around and listen to music while doing tasks around the house without dealing
with wires or having to bother my spouse while they worked. These are decent,
especially for the price. After about a week of using them I haven't had to deal
with the signal dropping out or the buds falling out of my ears while I moved
around, like I've had to deal with using other affordable earbuds in the past.
Really easy to set up too. Random note, but I also like the design of the
charging case--not *as* important (though i'm glad to see the charge levels of
both earbuds, that's helpful), but just thought I'd mention it.All in all,
pretty happy with these, they get the job done without hassle.
    I love this item. I originally bought this since I had another pair of
headphones like these but connected with a string. With wearing a mask and
having more strings, I wanted to try a cordless pair.Some highlights that I
love:-you can wear ONE headphone-it automatically turns on and off when you take
it in and out of the case-controls on EACH headphone-microphone works well; I
use this to connect to my laptop and make calls from there too as well as my
phoneI was debating on getting airpods, but am so glad I got these instead; esp
this type of headphone that has a hook to your ear and controls on them.
    Love how the case displays both the charge left on the case and on each
headphone. The sound is crisp, clear, and good base! They fit comfortably and
very ease to pair with my devices. The noise cancellation is excellent even with
the volume not turned up very loud. Excellent product, great quality, and one of
the best bluetooth headphones I've had in a long time. Highly recommend. (I was
not paid for this review.)
    These headphones work pretty well. The fit is perfect as I can’t seem to
keep any apple product in my ears. Sound quality is good ajd the ease of
charging is convenient and simple. It seems that sometimes the context of the
ear bud in the case isn’t the greatest and doesn’t register to charge unless I
push the ear bud in to force contact. Otherwise, the earbuds have worked well
for running long distances (10 miles).
    I think I've found the one! Great balanced sound with enough bass for me,
voice calls clear for both parties, fit snugly and comfortable, good pairing,
and I love the 'old fashioned' volume up/down and on/off buttons. No need to
remember how many times to tap which bud and for what. Plus rechargable case is
great - let's you know the charge left on each bud. Great price for what you
get. Now let's hope they last. I think they will: They're pretty sturdy, with
good sound quality, and not too techy.
    I returned the item as I could not get it to charge - I went on their web
site and followed their instructions for a non charging device but to no avail.
Looked like a nice set, but if I cant get it started now, not sure I want to try
it again.
    I like how you can use both or just one at a time.  Just received today, so
far so good.  Sounds good, comfortable to wear.  Additional info: been wearing a
few days after fully charging.  Charge has lasted 3 days, it’s only at 75% usage
now. Which is awesome. The music 🎶 comes through with a clear melodic sound and
receiving phone calls, folks commented that they could hear my responses loud
and clear.
    As you can see the part that goes around your ear has broken.  It just
snapped in twoAlso the noise canceling is non-existent. Everyone complains about
the background noise  You can't walk outside, drive, wash dishes or anything
else.Battery life of the headphones is good. The charging case works well and it
holds a charge for a long time.Now to see about replacing since they broke.
    The sound on this unit is very low just like other newer waterproof earbuds
I have tried recently and I must have tried more than 10 of them. The wireless
headset I got last year that is not waterproof has much better sound in terms of
volume and bass. Tried it for a few minutes and decided to return so cannot say
much about the call quality or battery life. Also it disconnected a couple of
times :(
    These things are great. I’ve had ton of wireless headphones from cheap to
pricey and these are a lot of bang for the buck. Would definitely recommend to
someone who uses wireless buds for working out- I’ve had cheap headphones go bad
due to moister from workouts and running in the rain. These hold up great and
the charging case and the buds feel like a quality product in hand unlike other
similar ones I’ve had. Would definitely recommend and will buy them again when I
lose this pair like I always do.
    I really want to like these earbuds, but the charging is so inconsistent
that they're basically useless. I charge them every day from when I leave work
to when I get back to work the next morning, and about half the time they're
complaining of low battery within the first ten minutes.Oh, and if you try to
charge the earbuds and the charging case doesn't have enough power to charge
them fully, all three items will shut down entirely until you charge the case
again. Fun stuff.
    I was never able to get R earbuds to turn on. Ensured proper battery charge
twice. Tried turning on using both the auto on feature when removed from case
and manual switch. Neither worked.Also, admittedly only one earbud worked
(left), but overall tonal quality was mediocre at best . Bass response was sub
par even though on line description advertised deep bass response.
    I have enjoyed this product. They are light, cancel out other noises well,
and comfortable.These will work for talking on the phone but the other person
complained about hearing an echo.They don't shut off automatically when put in
charging case which really effects the battery life.Overall, I would recommend
these and plan on buying a set for my husband.
    Great sound; I've had other headphones that just focused on heavy bass.
These have a more balanced sound, which I prefer because I listen to all kinds
of music and podcasts. These are lightweight and the hooks fit really well
around ear. I really like these and for the price it is hard to beat. If I'm
going for a long run or ride I don't have to worry about having headphones that
are not charged enough.
    These wireless earbuds are awesome! The sound is VERY clear and the volume
can easily be adjusted even while you're wearing them. When listening to music
they hold their charge for around 8 hours and I love the fact that the case can
be charged separately without the buds in them and from that single charge the
case can recharge the ear buds about 4 to 5 times without being plugged in
again. I love the freedom these earbuds give!!
    I bought these mainly for use with my phone while working at the restaurant.
Bit of a hassle trying to access a phone when your hands are covered with some
kind of food 70% of the time and having a bit of music is always a great morale
boost during prep.  Ear buds were almost fully charged when I had received them
and paired quickly and easily with both my phone and switch with bluetooth
attachment. They came with a usb to micro usb-c charging cord as well as
additional ear pad coverings in different sizes that's always nice to have
around. The ear buds fit nice and snug, don't move around as I'm running up and
down the restaurant, and most importantly I can wear my glasses with them
without the ear piece being in the way.  Audio is amazing. Battery life is
amazing, and the charger case fits well in my coat pocket. Overall super happy
and I already have a family member dropping hints as to what they want for
Christmas.
    I have constant struggles with most earbuds as they don't stay in my ear,
even when I'm not exercising. These are fantastic, they're easy to put on, and
the over-ear clip keeps them firmly in place. I like that you can use one at a
time, and the case shows you how charged each is.I mostly use it for podcasts,
so I can't rate the sound quality but I am very satisfied.
    Easy enough to set up. I like that you can use either one or both together.
I often like to walk and listen to podcasts, and prefer to do that with one ear
open.Update after the first weekend:I used them both with my laptop and iPhone.
Battery life is good so far, and after a few days of frequent use, I'm still on
the first charge of the charging case.They are very secure. As mentioned before,
I like to listen to podcasts and books while walking but also when exercising
and doing household chores.Well worth the product price!
    I just got these yesterday and I couldn’t be more excited! I have tiny ears
and can never get earbuds to stay put, especially while I am working out. I
tested these out right away and they are perfect! They are comfortable and I had
no issues with them falling out during my workout! Sound quality is good for the
price you really can’t beat it! I had some issues registering for the warranty
on their website and eventually I gave up. I figured if I have to buy another
pair oh well! Not a big deal. BUT their customer service reached out to me and
told me they were notified I was registering my product but never completed. I
explained my trouble and they finished registering my product for me. I was very
impressed with how helpful and attentive their customer service is. 5 stars all
the way!
    My wife has been liking the Occiam bluetooth wireless earbuds. She uses them
while walking, running, talking on the phone, and watching videos on her phone.
She has used several other brands over the years. She is petite, so what she
most likes about these earbuds is the lighter, more narrow earpiece than what
some of the other over-the-ear earbuds have. The other much appreciated feature
is the charging case that shows battery life levels for the charger and each
earbud. Overall, we are happy with the quality and performance of the earbuds
for such an affordable price.
    I never give 5 stars to anything or anyone but based on my experience so far
with these ear buds they deserve every star!  Sound quality is better than I
anticipated and the controls are simple enough -- but effective -- that even a
tech-challenged guy like me can make them work.  The range is good and the one
earbud only deal is really a great convenience.  If any of this changes
substantially anytime soon, I'll relay that update to you, too.
    So far I am very happy with this purchase. I've been using these for a few
weeks.  I've had junk headphones from Amazon in the past so am I am a skeptic
when it comes to headphones.  These are comfortable, good sound quality and long
battery.  There is an indicator showing the charge level and and an indicator
that both headphones are charging.  Great for running and working out!
    Love these.  I have expensive headphones, but forgot them at home.  As I was
on an extended trip. I knew I would need some while working remotely and trying
to be unobtrusive to others.  Found these.  I like the fit and feel better than
my expensive brand ones.  I like the indicators for battery life and how they
fit into the case and start charging immediately.  Definitely recommend.
    Great product at a great value.  Connects quickly and easily, sound quality
fits the price, no audio lag while watching videos on my device, comfortable, I
like the buttons on the ear pieces which eliminates accidental commands on a
touch-version, nice packaging. All in all, very satisfied.
    Love these ear buds!!! I can’t stand the tiny earbuds that Apple provides
and they never stay in my ears so I always have to opt for wrap around. I wasn’t
about to spend over $200 for earbuds so I went with these based off of reviews
and price. So glad I took the chance. Just received them yesterday and they
easily canceled out outside noise even with the phone volume at midway!!!
    These paired very easily and sound great! I mostly use them for audio books,
but the clarity and bass are excellent for music, too. Most importantly, they
actually stay on/in my ear really well! I love that you can use them separately
or together and they have actual buttons for on/off and volume. My last pair
(not Occiam) were so finicky I was constantly adjusting them to get them to stay
in my ear and accidentally pausing my book in the process. Definitely a fan so
far.
    I can't go a day without them now that I've worn them I love them, there so
easy and you can have one ear in and they other one charging which most you
can't or my last one you couldn't, I have had them for about 2 months now and I
use them every day I love I can listen to music while I am cleaning and no one
else has to hear it. I can wear them all day there very comfortable and they
come with three different sizes included with a changing cable as well. I would
recommend these to my friends and family
    I bought these because I have had good luck with inexpensive Bluetooth
devices in the past. These would constantly disconnect and randomly reconnect.
They were very inconsistent. I ended up returning them because I like being able
to listen to music continuously....
    These arrived very quickly.  They paired easily.  That is the end of the
good stuff.  The right earbud will not hold a charge no matter how long the case
is charged for.  I've tried the trouble shooting and have not had any success so
far.  Even after a full charge (overnight) the right earbud will only work for
about 15 minutes before I start getting annoying "battery low" warnings in my
right ear.
    Had to edit this to just one star. When I first got them they fit great (so
there's a star for that) but everything else was just awful. The sound quality
dropped, you would start to only hear  POWER ON all the time. The battery life
was bad also, I literally had to charge them up once at least everyday, and they
only lasted a couple hours until needing to be recharged. But of course they
gave me a free pair for a 5 star review, which I thought was deserving after
only having them one day. Had I given it a few days I never would have given
them 5 stars.
    For the money these are an excellent choice.Battery life is outstanding with
a gauge to tell you how long to out.Don’t stay in my ear well.A little difficult
to hear voices on podcasts and phone calls.I’d buy again.
    Can’t wait to enjoy these.They come highly recommended by a friend and the
Amazon reviews are excellent as well.  I’m just happy to not loose any buds that
pop out of my earExcellent they use usb-c now tooNow that I’ve had them a few
days,1. The Most Comfortable ear buds i have Ever Worn.  Ear Wrap is very
comfortable2. Battery Life is excellent3. Sleek design
    I'm impressed. I've been looking for Bluetooth earbuds for a while and
finally settled on these. I like that they come as a set, one for each ear. I
love the battery life. I like that there are buttons for power, sound and
play/pause. These have a good range. The sound quality is great and I like that
I can use them to answer and talk on my phone. Highly recommend.
    Very high tech cool looking headsets. They work like a charm. Great value
for the money. I wont give 5 stars for sound quality because I have used very
high quality headsets before and this is not in the same league but that being
said these would beat any top of the line headphone when comparing sound quality
per dollar spent. I have been using these over a month without issues. Wore them
in rain as well and they still work. Battery life of the pouch is great however
the buds themselves have to be recharged after every hour or 2. The primary
battery life of the pouch is accurate but the individual battery gauge for each
ear bud always remain at one level. It just tells you that the headphones are
docked and charging not the actual charge level of each ear bud.
    Excellent quality product, Last 7h 42min using it for Zoom Calls and listen
to music during work, after a dull charge. The battery case made of good
quality, I think it will not last a 4 feet drop, didn't test that. The Audio
quality is above average , but considering the price tag it is excellent. In
regards the pairing process, their is no pairing button since it is
automatically, you must shutdown any old paired device when want to swap from
iPhone to iPad to television.
    So bought this I think it is good quality but didn't fit my ears for some
reason so returned it for another option from the manufacturer.  Just because it
didn't work for me doesn't mean it won't work for you.  Seems well made and
sound it good set up was very simple. The hoop things didn't fit the curve of my
ears seemed to wide around them so was weird to wear.
    I really like headphones! I cannot wear the earbuds like apple makes because
I had ear surgery &a small part of my ear is not there to hold them in, so I was
looking fir earphones that attach to my ear but yet are hidden! I use these all
the time for phone calls when I’m driving or working so I am hands free! The
sound is really great! I tried another brand but they had a glitch in them ever
so often but these don’t! Great quality!Sharon B.
    I really like these headphones they fit comfortably and stay on when I run.
I needed headphones that clamp over my ears cause all the other one would fall
out as I ran or sometimes just walking. Either side can be the master AND if you
only want one turned on the other will work independently which I love. The
charging case is sleek and compact the only reason I gave it four stars on the
charging is cause I haven't fully tested the longevity of them yet. Over 5 🌟!!!
    I've been looking for wireless bluetooth buds headset to replace a
pair(other brand) that lasted only 3 1/2 months. I've had these for 3 weeks and
am very satisfied with the fit, the battery life, the ease of connecting and
style. It is also noted that when you open the case, the led display shows the
precise amount of charge currently in the headsets. I really like about how
clear the sound is. I mostly use then to listen to music, the clarity and bass
are great.
    Originally bought another brand of wireless earbuds through Amazon but
product did not satisfy the sound quality I was looking for and sound would come
and go. I then took the task of finding another set of wireless earbuds in the
Amazon store and ran into the Occiam product. I really liked the sleek modern
design, had good reviews, sound quality is very good at this price and best of
all, it was at the same price point as the set from the other bad brand. I am
highly satisfied with the Occiam wireless earbuds. Will definitely  recommend
them to my family and friends.
    The sound quality and bass was excellent for the price, and the hooks
allowed for a comfortable fit on my ear without them falling off. The only
drawback was that when the charging port on the inside of the earbud is exposed
to a lot of sweat or water, the bluetooth connection is briefly interrupted. To
fix this, you have to take the earbuds out and dry them off with your shirt or
towel and the bluetooth connection should be restored. However, this can still
get annoying, especially for longer workouts. Fortunately, when I emailed
customer support letting them know about this, they were super nice and offered
to send me a new pair of earbuds with the charging port at the bottom where
sweat is less likely to interfere. That being said, overall they definitely
deserved the five star rating, and I would highly recommend this product.
    I was in the market looking for headphones that can accompany me for
livestreams and came across these. The headphones are very easy to use/setup,
the sound quality is great, battery life is amazing, case is awesome looking.
Personally I like headphones such as these that have hooks for ear stability.
With these you can answer phone calls very easily as well. I would recommend
these highly.
    I received my item very quickly. However, when I opened the package, it
looked like it was a refurbished model. There were fingerprints all over it, and
the "anti-scratch" stickers were not stuck in the same spots. I connected the
charging cable and it wasn't properly seated until significant pressure was
applied. The audio is very muffled and the microphone picks up all the ambient
sounds so you're unable to be understood. Returned them to find a better
alternative.
    They sound good, fit comfortably but took one star off because I received 3
large earbuds and only 1 small one (which I needed because my ears are very
small).Take note of the volume control, which wasn't working well for me, are
individually controlled. I'm not sure I like that feature but we'll see with the
replacement buds and I'll update my review.
    Great Product! Finally found ear buds that stay in my ears & deliver a great
listening experience. Easy to set up& keep charged, not that you have to charge
all the time. The price is reasonable for what you are getting. Shows %of
charging on ear phones & % left in charging box. Great!You won’t be disappointed
with this purchase. Love them!
    Very comfortable to wear, feels secure on my ear, and easy to use.  Sound
quality is excellent - I'd say comparable to Apple AirPods Pro.  Useful display
of battery life for case and earbuds.  I really like having volume controls on
both earpieces.  My only complaint is that the case feels cheap and is on the
larger side, which perhaps makes it easier to hold.  For the price, you can't go
wrong.
    These earphones are an amazing piece of affordable high spect technology,
amazing sound and noise cancellation, it's amazing what you get for the price
that you pay, they are nearly perfect!Key word, nearly, even thought these
earphones definitely deserve 5 starts, my pair came with a little problem, the
music keeps on cutting off every now and then I'd say around twice for the
length of  a 4 minute song, i know I'll get it fixed when I activate my lifetime
warranty so I'm not concerned (:.
    I was nervous about them when my husband told me that he ordered them for
me. I have a small head and ears so I was afraid they wouldn't fit. When I got
them, surprisingly they fit great! I love that they come with 3 different size
ear buds and a charger. It's even better that the case is the charger and they
charge while in the case as long as the case is charged (but doesn't have to be
on the charger). When I take them out of the case they automatically turn on and
connect to my phone. Sound quality is great. The only thing is it picks up a lot
of my background noise when I am on the phone. People can hear it as if they are
in the area with me. I haven't had them long enough to play around with it to
see if it's something that I can adjust. They are great and ease of use.
    Ordered this second set for my stepdad because he loved his first pair of
occiam headphones but wanted a different style. The sports style fits snug and
comfortable so he doesn't have to worry about it falling out during yard work. I
love that the case shows the battery life of the set so it's easy to tell when
they need to be charged and when they need to be taken off the charger. Very
affordable for the sound quality i would recommend.
    I sometimes have a lot of down time at work so I got these to help keep me
entertained. I wear one at a time and I'm able to pause my music whenever I need
to with a simple press of the main button, no matter which side has the
headphone. The battery life lasts through the work day with frequent pausing and
resuming, with a break in the case for lunch. I also picked these specific ones
because I wanted it to sit over my ear instead of in my ear canal. They're
extremely comfortable and not invasive at all. I've been using them about 3
weeks and have charged the case once.
    Im getting great sound quality from these earbuds. They go louder than I can
stand. They dont lose connection while playing music, with my phone in my
pocket, which is a huge problem with every set Ive owned. I exercised with them
as soon as I got them, thats what I bought them for. They handled the river of
sweat from HIIT training, no issues. Once I got them adjusted right they didnt
move.Great buy, will look into their other products.
    I purchased these earbuds with the expectation that I would get what I paid
for. I've honestly been shocked by the sound of these earbuds. I use them while
biking and even riding into the wind, the sound is pure. Pairing was easy, the
charging case with its indicators is solid. I am totally impressed. I paid so
much more money for my daughters' AirPods and I don't think the sound is any
better. These are an outstanding value.
    The sound is great and the battery life has been good. I like this type of
bud because the others do not stay in my ears. I also like that I can use one
bud at a time so I can listen to my favorite podcast and hear other sounds
around me while wearing. I really like that the led meter tells me how charged
they are too. They recharge quickly as well.
    I really love these earphones. I was skeptical being that they are so
reasonably priced but they're awesome! The battery life is way longer than
expected and the sound is crisp and clear. They also fit securely so will be
great when I go on a run... once the weather warms up. I've thought about buying
them again just to have a second pair to keep in our second home rather than
carrying these around. Really a worth while purchase.
    I wrote a review yesterday that never made it here, so I'm posting again.  I
think these are worth the effort.  Very impressed with the charging case and the
stats it provides.  Love that you can use these independently of one another and
LOVE the sound that comes out of these!  I haven't used them on a phone call,
but my music and audiobooks are a joy to listen to through these.  Great volume
and bass, as well.  I may buy another pair!
    I don't normally leave bad reviews but this one deserves it. Not only does
the case not work correctly such as showing the individual earphones level and
maoumt of overall power for the case. Additionally they send a card saying you
get a discount code and warranty which I did not get a response to either from
what I can see. Worst of all they won't stay turned off and will connect to my
device in the case making. Only resolve to to forget the device...very annoying.
Sound quality is poor and seems to amplify background noise :(
    These are just what I was looking for! My kid is doing remote learning and
we needs a nice pair of ear buds. One she can wear and one I can wear. They fit
her little ear great and mine as well. The sound is great and nice and clear in
both ends. Her teacher even asked for the link for these as the sound was so
very clear.I highly recommend these if your looking for a good pair.
    I read a lot of the reviews for these ear buds and finally decided to try
them out.  I am pleasantly surprised with the sound quality and features.  Ease
to pair up and the charging case tells you how charged they are which is very
useful.  Obviously not as good as over the ear noise canceling headphones, but
not too bad.  If your looking for a less expensive option this is a good pick.
    The item works as described. The sound quality is good.  The noise
cancellation is good.  Where the product really stand out is battery life.  Even
when the carrying case isn’t plugged in, the earbuds charge in there case when
the case battery life is charged.  Also, the ease at which the item pairs and
turns off automatically is a huge plus.
    I love them so far.  The case is so cute with the LCD light and for the
price the sound is good and clear and they pair so well with my phone.  I truly
love them better than the Beats3 I returned yesterday.  The sound quality is
much better than the beats 3 headphones, the fit is secure for me and you cant
beat the quality compared to the prize.
    *update: the company has reached out to me twice to rectify the situation
which I appreciate so they get an extra star. However, something is wrong in
their QC process if headphones like the ones I received are considered to
“pass”.Charged these and was able to use them once before they refused to ever
turn on again. While charging the left headphone the case made an annoying high
pitch ringing. A waste of money unfortunately that have been returned as I
didn’t want a paper weight.
    I have found my new favorite ear headphones! The battery life lasts FOREVER!
I purchased these because my Bose sounded good but died in couple hours and the
sound quality when talking to people sucked!!These Occiam  headphones are
AMAZING and at a great price! Sound quality, battery life and microphone
quality! Thank you!!
    I really like this airbuds.  I think the sound quality and functionality is
great.  I can pause, rewind, activate assistant and control the volume of the
Bluetooth. It’s perfect for my workout sessions. They don’t fall out, they are
very comfortable and the battery last a long time. The battery display is nice
and useful. I have them connected to my tv when I am working out.
    Only issue with my set is that the charging case does not work/ charge.
Therefore my earbuds worked for two weeks but now I can’t charge them. They are
very comfortable and sound great but can’t charge them. Charging case didn’t
work from day one.
    The couple of times they hooked up with my phone I was excited. The quality
was great, but they kept disconnecting and then negatively affected my phone.
Had to return them.
    I purchased these to replace my over the ear headphones. BIG mistake,they
can't no comparison in sound quality at all. These are good for phone
conversations only. The battery life is good. Other than that nothing else
positive of this purchase for me
    I had a little trouble with pairing these to my phone, but once I finally
got them to do that they are great. I wanted a pair of truly wireless headphones
for work and these are just the thing. They sound great and I like the one-ear
feature because I can only use I one earbud when I'm at work. Overall a good
pair of headphones for the price.
    I found the headset to be comfortable and the sound quality good.  I do get
8 hrs of play time in my left earbud, but the right one only lasts 7hrs.  I have
charged and drained the battery a dozen times, but only get 7 hrs max from the
right earbud.  It is kind of annoying , but aside from the batter it is a good
headset.
    These headphones are really bad. The fit is bad if your ears are exactly the
same size as the part that wraps around; there's no flexibility. They will not
work well unless they have, at least, a 90% charge, otherwise they lose the
signal every few seconds and your music sounds awful. Further, the storage case
only serves to drain the charge all the more. Please note that these buds do not
hold a charge of any kind. As soon as they are done charging, they begin to lose
their charge. Not good.
    I was using apple airpods yet they wouldn't fit very well in my ears, felt
like they might fall off. So i wanted something with ear hooks. This one had a
good review from a lot of people, decided to try.  So far, I am pretty
satisfied: sound quality is excellent, battery seems to last long, and pairs
with my iPhone real easy. Hard to beat the price!
    I have tried many of these Bluetooth earbuds at the same price range, this
is the only one I kept, I returned all the rest. So far, I loved it, I did not
notice any flaws yet, the battery life is perfect, it will last me an entire day
without recharging, and people never complains about my voice level for phone
calls!
    No issues with ordering. No issues with shipping - my order came in on time.
Registering for warranty was simple. Charging has been simple. Manual for my
earbuds has been easy to read and easy to follow. Everything was in the box that
was supposed to be in the box. I just received my earbuds today so I'll update
if they are less than expected.
    Batteries die after charging and not in use. I have to charge them
immediately prior use every time even though I fully charge them when i'm
finished using them
    My son recommended these, and I am so pleased with them. I was looking for
something that was light weight easy to wear and no background staticky sounds.
I got that and more, great sound for both music and voice. I love the long time
charge, and range in distance from my phone, I can move around at ease. Love
them.
    I feel that this product is a great value for the price. I have purchased
other brands at a much higher price and always told I sounded like I was in a
tin can or underwater. People can actually hear me and not the background
noise.Also love the charging case display showing percentage charged.I am also
very happy with voice assistant working well with the Samsung 9plus phone, all I
do is press the MFB button three times and say OK google and it works great! All
in all very satisfied with this purchase.
    this headphones are by far the best i have tried they are comfortable to
wear the soud quality is just great not only can i hear the music or who ever is
calling me but they can hear me too which is great i work construction so this
are great customer service for this is great too they respond quickly and
actually try to fix whatever issue there is mine was just links not working for
my warranty
    Wow!  Earbuds have sure improved.  Love the clarity and noise reduction.  I
can space off into my own little world without outside distractions.  Charge
lasts for days, I'm sure lov'in them!  Soooo easy to connect . . . the first
time.  Buttons on the Buds are easy and logical, none of that down is up
business.
    I like the sound quality but I can't use these on a daily basis.  I get a
"low battery" warning after only a couple of hours use.  When I put them in the
charging case, it shows them almost fully charged.  But they can't be used
because it won't shut up.  Also I can fully charge the earbuds and the case and
let them sit for a couple days (over the weekend) and they will lose much of the
charge.  I can't use them.  I wish I hadn't picked them.
    I love how fast they arrived and I love how they fit on my ear. Super comfy.
A lot of over the ear buds usually are not comfy but these are and I live that
because I can not wear the ones that fit in the ear. Directions were easy to
follow to pair with my phone too. I love that I can use one or both at a time.
    Comfy and stays in my ear, no problens pairing with devices, stays charged
for a good amount of time, nice case to charge and take on the go. I like that
if you're not using the headphones after so long they will turn off to save
battery, which has proven helpful. I use for zoom calls on my computer, pair
with my phone for music or watching movies or have one earbud in while kids
watch what they want on tv and I can listen to my own stuff, I also use for
working out and sleeping. I use all day every day practically. This is my first
ever set of bluetooth earbuds and I love em. No more cords getting in my way,
especially with how active I am and my 2 little kids love to pull cords.
    Just received.  Very easy sync to my phone. Test call was okay, we’ll see
how they work this coming work week.  Not sure if the noise canceling will be
desirable or not.For music they do sound great.  Solid bass.Update two days
later:  One possible concern.  I fully charged the earbuds and after 48 hours
they are now at 92% based on the charge level meter in the case.  So they lost
8% of the charge just sitting in the case (zero usage after the full charge).
I'm not sure what's causing the drain on the battery, maybe the case, or poor
battery circuit design?  Time will tell, but it will be an inconvenience if they
have to be fully charged right before use.
    Pleasantly surprised after trying Apple airbud plus, Skull Candy earbuds,
and two others but did not provide length of battery or pairing as easy or every
time as advertised.Also like your battery case that shows digitally the charge.
Paired every time. Also like the safety of over the ear security.
    These are the most nonevasive ear buds I've ever used; very comfortable to
the point you will forget they are even there. They also stay in place better
than other sets I've tried that tend to require constant readjustment to
achevive the best sound quality or eliminate the feeling that they just might
fallout altogether if you don't. Sound quality is on par with or even better
than my wired  headphones that I all but dread using any more than I have to
since it seems that the harder I try to not have them become a tangled mess, the
less successful I am in doing so.........These just might be the wireless buds
you can buy at their price point.
    Earbuds are great! We have two parrots and they squawk at every little
noise... especially the tv, music, and telephone. I can listen to my podcasts,
music and watch tv and our parrots are quiet!  All the sound comes through the
earbuds without disturbing them! Then when I’m done I can talk up a storm with
them!! LOL!
    I really wanted these headphones to work reliably.  My first pair had
disconnect issues on the right headphone intermittently, then the case pins
broke out for the right headset a week later, making it not able to charge.I got
a replacement unit shipped out in three days, and while this one did not
"break", I have constant connection loss on only the right headset when my
device is only 3 feet away, which was exactly what was happening with the first
pair.Unless Occiam can fix their quality control issues, I would say this is not
a headset you want to invest in.
    I have Samsung Buds and was having trouble with them hurting my small ears.
I decided to give these headphones a try. I was shocked by how good they worked.
I can wear them all day and they do not hurt my ears. The battery life of the
headphones and the case far surpasses that of my much more expensive Galaxy
Buds. Do not second guess buying a pair. You will not regret it!
    As far as sound quality and noise canceling these are pretty awesome.
Battery life is great too! Where the problem lies, however is the charging case-
it feels cheap, and within 30 minutes of getting the earbuds the case broke- pin
that holds the hinge in fell out. It still functions but it doesn’t stay closed
and the lid falls off when opened. Besides that they’re great!
    I like these a lot. The fit is good and the sound quality is very good. The
price is great for what you get. The battery life is adequate, I'd prefer for
them to last longer, but for the price, it's not a deal-breaker. The pros are
the sound quality and fit. A con is I'd like them to last longer.
    Stopped working after 2 months of light use. Never dropped, no water damage
or anything like that. Just using them a couple of times per week while working
out or to listen to music or videos on my phone. The case refuses to charge,
have tried 4 different cables. Nothing. The headphones charge via the case, so
the whole system is broken.Requested a replacement from Amazon as it was still
within return period. We’ll see how those ones are.
    These are just what I was looking for. AirPods don’t fit my ears well and I
could never exercise in them. I didn’t want to spend hundreds of dollars for
something I only use occasionally. These have really good sound quality and stay
pretty secure in my ear. They come with different size tips and I like that the
charging case shows the battery percentage. I also like that My husband and I
can each wear one at the same time. Overall I’m quite happy with my purchase!
    I'm loving my new headphones! I love that they last so long (really nice for
long runs, cleaning, and super long audio books) AND that I can just throw them
in the mini case to charge instead of plugging them in. I also love that I can
use one at a time to really maximize how long I go without needing to charge.
These headphone are exactly as advertised and perfect for my needs. I also love
that they don't have cords hanging down from them to make it easy for my 7 month
old to yank out of my ear!
    These earbuds are great for on-the-go! I have been using them for running
and they stay on well. The battery life is nice and long and they are super easy
to charge. The charging case is great to protect and recharge the earbuds during
longer outings. I am very pleased with these earbuds and highly recommend them!
    I Bought these wireless headphones for my husband and he thinks with Sound
quality on music,  the Stereo effect is Wounderful.  Listening to book good but
could be better sound.  Noise cancelling Very good.  Only had these a short time
so can not say much at this time about the battery life.
    Good quality and sound.Update.... Did anyone else scratch off the card in
the box and it said you won another pair of headphones? I followed the steps and
gave the Amazon review and hopes that I might get a better pair than the ones
that I got. Yeah they're okay and they work but the ones I had before this from
enacfire were much better. After leaving my review which they asked, and they
told me I would be sent out an additional pair of headphones in 7 days. It's
been 11 days and I've seen nothing.
    These are comfortable and wireless.  Battery live seems huge.  Case has
battery which is nice.  would have liked a smaller case or maybe not quite as
cheap feeling, but the headphones are amazing.  True test of noise cancelation
is air travel, but that's not happening so I can't say for sure about that.  I
do find that I don't have to turn the volume up as loud on my phone to hear
them.  They are clear and clean sounding, lite.  Very nice.  Would buy again.
    I bought these for my son and he LOVES them!! He takes them everywhere with
him. They are light weight and have a long battery life. Great product and sound
qualities. I was a bit nervous to buy these, as the price point seemed too good
to be true, but I am SO glad that I bought them. They are a great value for your
money!! Buy with confidence!
    I had to pair them with my phone a couple times and the battery life wasn't
great at first, but after a couple uses and recharges they are performing great.
Don't write them off if they don't meet expectations on their first use.Sound is
great with both music and phone calls. Earbud hooks fit comfortably over my ears
and barely notice I have them on. Being able to recharge the earbuds in the
charging case without a wall outlet is convenient. A fully charged case can
recharge the earbuds 4 or 5 times before needing to be recharged itself.Customer
support has been very responsive while I worked through my issues elevating
their value beyond what could have been just a set of low priced headphones.
    They look good, fit really comfortably and they sound better than I
expected. The charging case looks sleek. Didn’t realize how well the noise
canceling worked until my wife was talking to me from 10 feet away and I had no
idea because I couldn’t hear her, money well spent! I’ll probably buy some of
these as gifts too, they are that good
    Selected these because I wanted a compact, low-profile earbud that would not
fall out when running and could be used together or individually.  Sound quality
has been excellent, and have had no complaints from the other side of my
conversations about excessive wind or other ambient noises.  Love the protective
charging case too.
    So far I am very happy with this product. It paired very easily with my
iPad. I addition, the support team for this product seems very responsive when
it came to registering the warranty. The sound is pretty good for the price of
these earbuds, and they stay secure, which is the reason I bought them.
    I got this product to use for calls in the car, cleaning at the house, and
stocking at work after hours. They're perfect. They're small, the power
reserve/charging case is perfect. My music sounds great! My test for noise
canceling is a snap and a clap. I can hear both without music of course, if my
music is at mid volume I can faintly hear a clap but not a snap. Honestly these
are perfect and exactly what I was looking for.When they arrived I had a problem
with the left bud not connecting, didn't even seem to be charging. Came back to
the product and found a video to fix it that took no time at all.
    This is my first set of earbuds was kind of worried to buy them because I
didn't know much about them, but after reading the Review's I said lets try
them? well I made great decision!! they happened to be left in my coat jacket
and went through the wash boy I was made, but I let them dry out and come to
find out they work good as new??
    First off, the sound quality for me only seems like it’s designed for music.
There’s a lot of bass to the earbuds, almost enough to barely here the artist
singing or rapping.  They do have tiny volume adjusters on the top, which for me
they need to be a bit bigger for larger hands.  I love how I try so hard to
shake them out of my ear they won’t even fall out, always a plus for these kind
of earbuds.  I believe you can have one turned on while the other one is
charging and the distance from which you can use one from the other is better
than most.  Like I said in the beginning though, I tested out how they are on
calling and it’s very muffled even on max volume but good thing I can’t here
anything.
    The sounds quality is very good for the price of these headphones. They
seamlessly connect to your phone. The charging case shows how much both have
battery and how much the case does. The earpiece is a little large so smaller
ears might not be comfortable but it is comfortable to me. They hang nicely in
and on your ear.
    My husband LOVES them!!  My husband is a sweater, sweats like a waterfall
from his head, he goes to the gym 5x/week and has used them everyday since
Christmas (when he got them).  He has not had to charge them yet!  Connection is
excellent.  Sweatproof is holding up great!  He can't hear me when I'm trying to
get his attention from a treadmill 6 feet away from him, so I have to wave like
a crazy person.  His only con would be the sound quality, as he did give it a
4-star.  He said you can't hear the low, base sound very well, but its a crisp
clear sound.  Overall still worth getting.  These are exactly what he needed to
be "free" at the gym.  We are very pleased!
    I was skeptical of the quality of these earphones for the price but am
pleasently surprised! They are very lightweight and comfortable, sound quality
is exceptional. I had a small issue with the volume control but customer service
was in touch within hours and I am most satisfied.
    So far I am pleased with my purchase. The headphone batteries do last a long
time. I've gotten about 7 hours of continuous use from them on one charge. The
display on the left side of the charger is pretty accurate. I find it very
helpful. The display on the right doesn't always light up for both batteries. I
don't pay attention to it and rely on my android phone to tell me how much
charge there is. As for sound quality, I'm not a connoisseur of bass, etc, but
in my opinion the quality is pretty good. I was able to get an additional 20%
off from Amazon so it made my purchase a pretty good deal. Regardless, you can a
great set of headphones for a good price.
    I sent back earbuds from another company and I bought these ones. I wear
them all day long. They don’t hurt your inner ear and the sound of great. Very
easy to operate. I Love these. They go around your car so if you’re busy as I
normally am, you don’t need to wort about them falling out!
    This is a great bang for the buck, good bass and decent range.  The power
meter is a nice touch as is the option to use either ear bud independently.  If
you get too far out of range it will start cutting out but if you're within
20-30 feet direct line of sight it stays paired.
    The sound quality is good for both phone calls and for music, especially for
the price point (1st star). Its comfortable (2nd star) and the ability to hook
over the ear makes it great for going to the gym or bike riding (3rd star).  I
also love the charging case and battery life which works wonders for someone
like me who is constantly out of the house (4th star).  Where it loses its 5th
star is the connectivity.  I could literally have my phone in my hand, not even
2 feet away from the T17's and I will lose sound in one of the ear pieces for
longer than 15-20 seconds.  This happens when my phone is in my pocket or on my
bikes phone holder.  This connectivity issue drives me crazy!
    I was a little upset to see that they give you a card for amazon gift card
only if you give a 5 star rating, so I decided to wait in order to leave an
accurate review. My headset was working good but then after 3 uses they would
start to cut out and have a static noise to them. The right one would cut out
completely and then return. It’s annoying.
    Fits so well you'll forget you're wearing it! I have it on even when nothing
is playing and just take calls from it because I forget it's there. Battery life
indicator is amazing. Case charges super fast, under 1 hour. Thankfully it uses
the same charger as my Samsung S8 edge so I can charge my phone on the case
too!!!🤯
    I brought these and really was impressed it sounds good lot of bass. I would
have giving it a 5 star for it being really good headphones but the ear bud
piece would not stay in my ear. I would lose sounds. So I brought some memory
foams ear buds for it and what a big difference!!! Now it sounds great. So for
those that are interest in buying these you may want to buy the memory foam ear
piece for it.  Together it sounds great. I’m happy with my purchase.
    Took the headphones out of the box, put them in my ears, paired them to m
phone, turned on Pandora and they started working immediately. The sound was
excellent and the fit was very comfortable. A very pleasant surprise. I haven’t
been able to use them on a phone call yet or check the battery time span but if
it’s anything like the sound and fit plus the ease of setup they’ll be more than
worth the cost of them.
    I was wanting a pair of earphones that would fit well into my ear. I love
the behind the ear bands to help hold the ear buds into place. In addition the
ear buds sort of rotate into place and so they seat well into the ear canal,
providing optimal sound quality.  In using the microphone feature I was told
that I sounded good but was a little softer on their end.  Overall very
satisfied thus far with my purchase.
    My first pair didn't work very well. The volume function didn't work and the
connection was iffy. I ordered a replacement pair and it was sent out to me
fast. I have had a hard time finding a comfortable pair of earbuds, but these do
the trick at a reasonable price. Thanks.
    Just received the headphones today.  Followed the directions and charged
them first.  Could not find a Bluetooth setting on my SONY Smart TV.  Have to
use a Bluetooth transmitter off the headphone Port which causes a lag in the
sound. Works perfect using my computer, tablet and phone.
    So far, I've been enjoying the headphones. They're not too tight around my
ears, the audio comes in rather clearly, and it's a lot easier to make sure it's
charging compared to my last set of bluetooth headphones. The only issue I've
ever had is if both headphones aren't synced at the same time then it can lead
to a few audio issues but this is easily remedied for me by just resetting the
headphones in their case or turning them on/off again to make sure they sync up
properly with my phone. Otherwise they've worked wonderfully for my needs thus
far.
    These ear buds are about what you pay for. My pair connects to my phone and
plays music but I believe my left ear bud is defective. It will randomly power
off, only to come back on in about 30 seconds. They also do not fit my ears as
well as other over the ear ear buds I have had before. Finally, they do not get
very loud and you can tell the sound quality is not great. It does, however,
have great battery life and the charging case lasts even longer. Overall I'm a
bit disappointed in these ear buds but I guess I get what I pay for.
    Had these since Oct and was working great but the case to charge the ear
buds has completely stopped working. Was a 1 star but updated to 4 stars.Company
has reached out and has explained they have switched manufacturers to fix this
problem and offered me a refund. Product was good and sound was awesome it was
just the case I would recommend the product since they have fixed the issue.
    I wish that I could give a lower review. I purchased these in anticipation
of the Winter season,  and boring indoor training sessions. When I finally
unboxed them to charge for their first use, only one side would take a charge.
Sound quality with only one side working is poor. I suppose it is partially my
own fault for waiting so long to test the functionality of the product. I'm one
of those unreasonable types who simply expects things to work as they should.
    These don't have a microphone, which makes me really angry honestly since I
bought them so I can use them for wireless calls at work as well as gaming for
when I'm home.Now I'll only wear them when I workout. They look really nice, but
they are audio only.
    I ordered this product cause i needed earbuds that wont fall off my ears
when jogging. they stay in place perfectly, the sound in incredible and they
block out reasonably amount of sound. I dont jog all day so cant say much bout
battery life but i walk a few hours also with great connection for what i need
them for.
    Just got these for my boyfriend. The sound quality is great for the price!
Both for the wearer (him) and for me when he calls me. He comes through crystal
clear. The loop is comfortable. These are nice earphones. The case is a bit weak
so be careful but overall very good.
    Ear buds came in a nice case that is also the recharging station. They  fit
comfortably in my ears and stay put even at 65mph on motorcycle. They pair
quickly and have a great sound. I charged them to 100% and listened to music for
about 4 hours and battery was still at 80%. I would easily recommend these.
    These earbuds were okay, bass wasn’t as deep as advertised. The hooks around
the ears were satisfyingly comfortable.. I gave the earbuds to my nephew.
    other earphones have not worked at all with my ACER laptop.  The Occiam set
paired with my laptop immediately.  I do online Psychotherapy and having these
wireless earbuds  is a great addition for me.  The earphones fitting on around
my ears is a very good fit also.  So far (2 hours) I have not been able to pair
with my MotoG7 phone so I will check with Motog and with Occiam as needed to get
the pairing done.  These are an excellent fit and good sound, not matched at all
other wireless units I have tried.
    I love these audiphones...they're very comfortable and they don't move from
their place despite strong movements...the most important thing is the good
sound it has and the cancellation of external sounds is pretty good and the
quality and price relationship makes me impressed I would recommend these
audiphones to anyone who wants good sound without spending much.
    These were a present to my brother. He messaged me too say these are
"awesome!". The sound quality is loud and clear, they stay in his ears while he
is working (he has a physical job where he moves around a lot), and the battery
life was still at 50% after an 8hr shift.
    Wonderful fit, quality and noise cancellation.  Unfortunately for me, the
charging contacts are on the inside of the headphones and come into contact with
your skin...since I have an allergy to nickel, the contacts made me develop a
painful rash.  Will be giving these to my husband to use and had to order a
different design.
    Good product, they fit well around the ears and are flexible in size. I had
a little trouble figuring out how to go from pairing one at a time to both
sides, since either earpiece can work independently of the other. Overall really
great product, would get it again.
    They sound really good, easy to use, and comfortable on my ears. I'm now on
day 5 and the buds stop working for voicecalls after a few hours but will work
for music...also my case will not charge. It arrived at 70% I charged it for 3
days and now it's at 44%.
    Needed to make sure I found a pair of earbuds that wouldn't fall out of my
ear, and honestly, I wasn't in the mood to drop  $75+ on it. And I think we hit
a jackpot with this right here. Sound quality, I think is better then apple
airpods, if not, at least on par with them. Especially for the price point,.
    Awesome earbuds! Comfortable fit, easy one time syncing to my phone, LOVE
the battery display on the included charging dock. Great audio, my friends don't
complain that I sound far away or they can hear themselves while I am using
these. Worth the price and would def buy again!
    Very comfortable for long periods of time and does not interfere with my eye
glasses.  The bass is amazing.  I have small ear canals and in-ear buds cause me
jaw fatigue.  I changed the buds to the small version and I barely know they are
there.
    Update after a week’s usage: one of the earbud (right one) stopped working.
Not sure what I can do about it. I guess there is no guarantee for this product.
It’s a hit or miss. If the product works it’s value for money. For me it hasn’t
worked.These are great pair of earphones in this price range. Probably one of
the best ones. Very good battery life, connect easily without any issues or
delays. I’ve had issues with earphones staying out in my ear and these are
helping me overcome the issue.
    These were easy to set up and get connected, no issues during the setup
process.  The sound quality is decent, it's not as crisp as high quality head
phones or earbuds, but the bass on them is good.  They don't have a "hollow"
noise feel to them, the sound is full, just not as crisp as I would like.  But
for the price and the fact that they're bluetooth, I'll give them a pass.Overall
they're pretty solid, if you're looking for some cheap, wireless earbuds, with
decent sound, then these are the buds to get.
    So far so good. For a $30 pair of earbuds, they are certainly loud and have
great bass to them. I do have a small issue with the mid range of them and how
finicky they are in my ears while Im stretching. While Im running, they stay in
place and sound great! As far as customer service so far, Sammi Chen is a 5 star
rep!
    There is no bass…Charging case will not chargeVolume change tone does not
work all the time
    I purchased a set of these Occiam earbuds about 10 days ago. They are pretty
amazing! Good bass line, no crackles, connects easily and automatically, both to
one another and to control devices. I'm definitely thrilled with their shape; I
cannot wear standard earbuds due to my inner ear shape, so the ones that hug the
shell of your ear are so much more reliable. I was also concerned that I would
run into the price ledge that standard earbuds fall into, where you have to fork
over some serious cash. These were affordable and definitely worth their price.
I'm in love with them. :)
    I was waiting for a $35 set of earbuds, however these are easily worth twice
as much. I have issues with earbuds hurting my ears and giving me headaches
after using them for too long. I wore these for 8 hours straight yesterday and
no pain or headache. Would recommend to anyone looking for good reasonably
priced bluetooth earphones.
    Didn't even have them for one day. The headphones would strictly only
connect to my phones Bluetooth calling capabilities and not the overall media of
the phone. The case is nice and pretty but the headphones sounded terrible. I
didn't get to hear much due to me not being able to actually connect to the
media on my phone but the "connected" and "disconnected" tones I heard in the
earbuds sounded awful.
    I really like that the base charges with usb-c so i do not have to tote
another cable around. The battery life is very goodz and I like that you can
just use one side, either infact, when the situation is appropriate.  They are
comfortable to wear and I like the over the ear design so I do not have to worry
about them falling out during physical activity.  Sound quality is comparable to
other styles. Overall for the price I am very satisfied and would recommend
them.
    These Bluetooth earphones fit snugly to the ear, which is great for any
activity. The color and design is sleek and nice, not to mention the battery
display on the charging case is pretty cool. Sound quality is consistently great
as opposed to a few others I have tried that would randomly drop in quality. The
only problem I have found this far is that a few friends of mine have commented
that my voice sounds distant/muffled. Still, well worth the price and the
support is friendly.
    These are awesome! I haven’t had good luck with ear buds. So I was going to
spend more money on a set. Saw all the reviews and decided to give it a try.
These work fantastically and they actually stay in place as well. What a great
deal, you won’t be sorry!
    Great fit on my ears. I love the multiple sizes of caps. The sound is very
good and the noise cancelling is very good. I haven't had an trouble with the
bluetooth connection, and I haven't heard any songs skipping either. I would buy
these again.
    I can't believe all these 5 star reviews. This product didn't work for me
out of the box. The volume up and down don't work properly. The sound quality is
poor. I've had less expensive ear buds that had much better sound.  They feel
cheaply made.
    These are pretty nice earphones for the price. The battery last pretty long
and the earpieces fit snug but comfortable. Stays on even my ears even during
intense workouts. The sound quality is below average however for under $30 its
to be expected.
    Probably one of the nicest set of earbuds!! Daughter LOVES the sound
quality, the design, battery life, and the bass. She's even suggested I buy a
pair?! So, I just might do that. Overall, a makes a great gift with a lot of
great sound ❤🎧❤
    Had these for a couple of workouts now and appreciate that they don't shake
loose like others I've tried. I'm also really appreciating the power level
readouts for both the case and for each earphone. Makes it easy to confirm the
earphones are secure and charging when placed in the case.
    You really can't go wrong buying these because of the affordable price. I
got them for my mom who is not the most tech-savvy person, so the individual
volume control and pause buttons on each earbud were easy for her to use. She
also likes the clear displays that let her know when she needs to recharge. The
sound is great for the price and they stay on so she can use these while she
cleans the house. Overall happy with the purchase so far.
    I bought these for my husbands birthday and he absolutely loved them. He’s
impressed with how comfortable they are and how they fit perfectly. The battery
life is amazing and the sound quality is also really good. And the charging case
is small so it’s easy to carry around!
    These Occiam earbuds are awesome! The sound quality is so crisp and clear. I
have the Galaxy earbuds which I got for $200 isnt even as clear as these ones.
You can turn the volume to max and no static whatsoever. I've been working out
with it for 2hrs a day for the past 3 days and the battery is still at 100%
because the case charges the earbuds. You can't go wrong with these. 5 stars for
this product. Customer service is awesome as well. If you email them, they
response to you within hours.
    Its only been a couple months but my wife loves it and asked me to leave a
positive review for it. It is comfortable for her and the battery life is pretty
good for her use (she has online classes and can listen to her teacher while
she's doing something else around the house)
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Love these earbuds! They
are comfortable and have excellent sound quality. I like that it has buttons to
change volume and songs vs a touch sensor. It was super easy to pair out of the
box. I love that the charging case shows charge for ear earbud but the case does
drain a bit when not in use.
    Really shocked by how good these headphones are for the price! The battery
is crazy long, the case is pretty cool and tells you how much battery is left in
both headphones, and the quality of the headphones themselves is fabulous!
Definitely great at cancelling out a lot of outside noise. I highly recommend.
They also come with different inner ear fittings so you can get the proper
comfort.
    One of the main reasons I bought this was because my other headphone's
microphone did not work well. But this one does work and the person I talked to
through this headphone said that they could hear me well. Besides, the other
features seem to be working properly.
    I needed a good pair of headphones to use and didn't want to spend the money
on a more expensive pair. I've been using them so far for virtual zooming and
also for going for runs outside.  They've worked great and easily in both
scenarios connecting to my laptop and then to my phone. Only downside (and it's
probably the case with other types of bluetooth headphones) is that I have to
unpair them from one device for them to be able to be paired and connected to
the other - but it takes 2 seconds to do that so really not a big deal.
    Got it today.  Paired with phone no issues yet.  Seems to be working.  It
appears that this item may have been returned by some one.  I will observe and
decide about getting replacement later.  So far works ok.  Will update my
review.
    I was looking for over-the-ear bluetooth headphones for running/hiking and
these fit the bill! Other models are a pain to charge because you don't know
when it's done until the light changes, but Occiam gives you the exact % of the
charge. If you're looking for top-of-the-line quality, this isn't it. But in the
under $50, you're unlikely to find a better bang for your buck. No complaints!
    Wonderful product my husband absolutely loves these earbuds they are
wireless such a great buy. Connected right away to his phone and easy to use
instructions. What are you waiting for go get you a pair you will not be
disappointed.
    I love these headphones. They definitely last all day while I work ten hour
shifts. I like how there’s actual buttons on the headphones, my old ones had a
sensor button and it was hard to use sometimes. They stay in place while I run
and play tennis. I would recommend this brand.
    WOW! These buds are  amazing; the base sound is fantastic; super easy to set
up, had only taken it out of the box and it was already in pairing mode
automatically. Walked all over the house (2800 sq. ft.)without losing
connectivity.
    These need to be plugged in all the time to maintain the charge as it seems
to me that they cannot be powered off once you place them in the charger case
    I don't like in-ear headphones. They don't ever stay in my ears. So I gave
these a try. Very affordable and work great! They stay put and are very
comfortable.  The sound is great and they link up quick and easy. Highly
recommend.
    These headphones are super cool and function really well. The sound is clear
and I use them while on my exercise bike, and I can hear my program perfectly.
Very nice chic case. Great battery life panel. These hooked up very easily to my
phone. Great buy!
    Earbuds are easy to connect to devices and have a long battery life.
Includes a magnetic case to store and charge them in. My daughter uses them for
virtual school and loves them. The noise cancellation helps her to focus in
class. Couldn’t ask for a better product for the price.
    Just received my earbuds and am very happy with the sound quality. They were
so simple to charge and pair, I was using them within minutes of arrival on my
doorstep. I previously purchased a pair from another vendor and I could not get
them to pair. I was so pleased this set paired so easily. This is a good product
and I recommend purchase.
    I was looking for a set of over the ear earbuds as my current ones don't
like to stay in when I'm moving around and all. I came across these and was
curious. One thing I really liked was each earbud could be used independently.
Ive had them for a few days now and am enjoying them. Sound quality is awesome.
I would recommend these.Update: To add to this I did run into a small issue with
the earbuds. Contacted their customer service and they took care of it.
    I like these Occiam Bluetooth Headphones because they stayed in place during
my hard core HIIT sessions, weight training, and advanced yoga. They never once
fell out of my ears although I had small ear lobes. The sound quality has been
great and I have had no issues with the connection or pairing with my iPhone.
The charging case has been working well and the battery of the headphones lasted
through my 2-hour work out sessions. With the headphones being water resistant,
they have been holding up although I sweated a lot during my work out.
    These ear buds are great.  They are light weight and easy to set up and
operate right from the box.  The sound quality is great and the wrap around ear
supports are comfortable to wear.  I returned a pair of wireless bluetooth buds
from another vendor that didn't have the wrap around ear support because they
were too heavy and kept falling out of my ear whenever I turned my head too
quickly.  These buds stay put and come with three sizes of the ear inserts for
large to small size ear canals.  The buttons are easy to operate and preferable
over the one touch button system on other buds.
    I love the charging case too! These earbuds are great. The sound quality is
wonderful and I had no issues pairing these with both my laptop and my Samsung
Galaxy S9. Great little product and customer service is awesome too!
    Update: The company reached out and refunded me for changing this review to
a five starBasically what it says in the headline. When they're working, they
work very well. Often though, one or both of them start cutting in and out and
it sounds like the audio is bouncing back and forth on either side of my head.
    If you are looking for quality wireless headphones for a great price, you
found them.  I have had these for a few days now and I have nothing but great
things to say about them so far. They are very comfortable to wear for hours at
a time. They come with the medium size earbud tip installed but a pair of small
and large tips are in the box. Small is little more comfortable for me, glad to
have that option. Pairing and operation is easy enough for anyone to figure out.
Sound quality for both music and voice calls are fantastic for the price. I
would definitely purchase these again.
    Sound quality, noise cancellation, and battery life all seem fine so far, no
particular problems or qualms.I'm not an audiophile or anything so I'm only
using it for listening to videos and some music on Youtube.They seem to stay in
my ears even when I move my head around to the music so that's nice.I like the
interface, big simple numbers and bars, simple straightforward instructions,
etc.Just to note, they have a deal for lifetime warranty for 5 star reviews so
that's probably skewing the scores, but on the whole they seem fine enough
anyway.
    Seriously, right out of the box these felt and looked like great quality.
Crazy easy to connect to my phone, the sound was great when I turned on my music
and my phone calls were crisp and clear on both sides! Stoked... I bought these
for snowboarding so I'll update you on your week these work after this weekend!!
    A friend of mine bought these and recommended them. I was looking to replace
my old Anker BT earbuds so I thought I’d give them a try.I’m impressed so far!
They’re not AirPods, but at a fraction of the price they’re a great value. The
sound is good and every phone call I’ve made sounded clear on both ends. The fit
is very comfortable even for small ears. I really like the digital display in
the charging case and it does a superb job of filtering out background noise.
They also hold a charge well. Would definitely buy again.
    These are so much more comfortable than the earbuds without ear hooks.  I
can wear a hat (cold weather) and the ear bud would fall out.  No problem with
comfortable ear hook.  Picks up phone calls easily.  Sound quality excellent.
Case is a nice size so will not lose.  This is 3rd pair I have bought and think
it will be last.
    These earbuds synced right out of the box and were very easy to pair to my
device. The sound quality is very good and I found these to be superior to the
Beats  buds that I had prior. And the price was a fraction of what I paid
before.
    Very sleek design and sound awesome !!  I was skeptical at first as I have
always had the wireless bluetooth that sat in ear.  Lately they have become
uncomfortable always pushing them back in while running to make sure they didn't
fall out.  Decided to give these a try based on such awesome reviews.  So glad I
did.  I love the design and they look awesome on.  Haven't tested the battery
charge life yet but the charging unit looks pretty legit and I don't think I'll
have a problem with it.  I am very happy with this purchase !!
    My first pair had trouble charging but still worked. I contactes support and
they took care of me. The sound is great, they are sturdy as I put them in purse
and pocket and no issues.  Great price too. Would buy again!
    I have small ear canals and most earbuds tend to fall out. I like these
earbuds because they fit snugly in my ears and have a loop that goes over my ear
to insure the buds will not fall off and get lost. Quite pleased with my
purchase.
    I have been using these sport earbuds for 3 weeks and really like them so
far.I rarely have an issue with connection. It is pretty stable. Another pro is
a long battery life, other brands usually have 3 hrs or less but this one lasts
longer than that. I used it for more than 4 hrs straight. It was still ok, no
warning yet.Only disadvantage is the noise cancellation.I don’t think that this
product has the noise cancellation feature.Other than that, I think it is worth
every penny.
    Wow, for $40, these earbuds are pretty good. The sound quality is pretty
clear, and with the little wings on the back of the earbud, I don’t have to
worry about it falling out and losing it. The battery life is also really long,
and they charge really quickly
    So far pretty cool battery seemed to last a long time I just opened it was a
Christmas present and has been under the tree over a week and still was charged
when opened haven’t had a chance to check out the sound or anything yet ***
update my husband is loving the sound and how he can use 1 and when bat gets low
he can use the other separately and the sound quality is great on both sides I
can hear him and he can hear me clearly
    PROs: sound quality, connect automatically to phone bluetooth, loop to wrap
around ear; long battery life; auto recharge when stored in case; digital screen
shows battery life remaining; storage case.CON: not 100% noise cancelling
    These headphones are a really good value. They paired easily via Bluetooth
without any issues. They are comfortable to wear even after several hours. I
used these for an extended session on the golf driving range and they stayed in
place and didn't fall out. I also used them on both the treadmill and elliptical
machine while working out and also no issues with them staying in place. Plus,
they have an incredible battery life. For the price these headphones are a
really good value.
    Wonderful wireless headphones for the price! They look very nice and are
easy to use. They also came will a scratch off for a free gift! What a fun
surprise. I personally like a little more bass but the sound quality is great
and they are noise cancelling as well! Great headphones for the gym. No problems
falling out of ear.*UPDATE* over the last few days the Bass quality has become a
lot better!
    My husband is so happy with these ear buds I got him for Christmas. He keeps
bragging about how long the battery lasts cause mine kind of suck and hr thinks
he's funny.. Guess I'll be ordering a pair of these for myself next.
    I use it for work and  I love it cause I only use i ear at a time  and when
its low battery I can put it on the charger and switch it with the other ear bud
I think that is so awesome so iam never with out my music
    This is my first pair of comfortable Bluetooth earphones, and I am NEVER
going back.  I love how I have options!  Free hands, listening in one ear,
charging the other simultaneously, and pairing to a variety of devices... No
only that, but these earphones fit better than any other wired or wireless
earbuds I've ever tried.  That's over the course of at least 5 years.Great
quality, wonderful experience... I don't typically write reviews, but these
earbuds are definitely worth their price.
    I'm very happy I went with this, it fits in ny ear and can multitask alot
better vs old school wires trying to untangle them and airports falling out my
ear. I love the secure feeling that it wraps around my ear.
    So excited for my new earphones! I bought these as a back up for me and my
husband when our battery died. The quality is really great compared to my old
earbuds. Love that you can use both ears as the main one/control too
    Super excited about the new headphones. I work in an office where everyone
tends to have some sort of headphones. I prefer to leave one ear open to notice
important conversations or just friendliness/respect. These are perfect, not
only can you use one at a time instead of both, but you can swap them out to
charge. So many great features. Super excited to continue using these and all
the great features!
    Great sound quality for movies and music, especially when you use both
earbuds together. The fit is very good and stays in place during physical
activity. As I was watching a movie I was amazed at the sounds they pick up,
down to the most minute and unique background sounds. I'm very happy with all
aspects of these earbuds and at a terrific price. I highly recommend them!!!
    Headphone case's battery discharges too quickly, and can only be charged
with certain USBC chargers (tested around 4-6 around the house only one worked)
While it's not the perfect headphone, it's certainly worth th asking price of
about 35$
    So the only issue I have with these are if you lose the carrying case they
come in which is also the batter charger you can’t charge them anymore.  I
understand the concept of them charging in it, but I wish one ear bud could b
also charged without the case. Other then that they are good.
    I would buy these again - They were easy to pair with my Amazon tablet and
the sound is great.  Battery life is rally good used them for 8 hours and still
have 98%.  These are easy to charge and work great.
    I like these over all. They range is a little short. I have a 625 square
foot apartment and they don't quite reach from one end to the other. It
reconnects fast. It seems like each head phone Is its own entity which is good.
    Fits easily and securely over ear which I wanted; tried various ear buds and
always have trouble keeping in ear. I don’t have to worry about losing one when
walking or exercising. Sound quality is acceptable and they do cancel out a lot
of outside noise.  Charges quickly. Product is as described
    Gotta say i was skeptical at first for the price but these headphones get
the job done! I honestly didn't find fault in the noise cancelation so the
overall sound quality was pretty good and had some decent bass to them as well.
I use them on my long workouts and they lasted a good 4 days with the case
before the first charge, plus I really like the power/battery meter and the
build quality is actually pretty decent for the cost. Im satisfied with them and
if it came down to it i'd definitely get another pair!
    This was a great impulse buy. It took a couple of try’s for Bluetooth to
synch to my iPhone.  Sounds great, the charging storage is compact and
innovative.  Unfortunately the lid easily broke from the hinge.
    These are amazing! Pairs quickly and sounds great, the controls are easy to
use, and most importantly they stay in place comfortably for hours. i love the
idea that both ears can be used alone or together.
    I honestly can't find any fault with this earphone it's one of the best I've
had in ages feels so comfortable almost like there's nothing on my ears the
paert that goes over the ears is super soft and stretchy so it doesnt feel like
youre forcing anything to fit your ear in  there are different size tips to
ensure every user can get the size tips that will make it suitable for their
ears..... trust me I am amazed that it was true to the description... I used
mine everywhere the battery life is super amazing the comfort is awesome I would
order again not to mention the price
    Playing music and battery life is great!!! But when it comes to the phone
call......better switch back to hand held so the person you are talking to can
hear you. You can hear the person excellent but your caller will barely or
hardly hear you cause of muffling/wind sound(That's even indoors or no wind
around). This is why I give it a 3 star rating.
    I like that the case displays the remaining battery life. Also, paired
easily with my phone. Feels secure on my ears, and comfortable to wear; glad
other sizes of ear pieces were included so I could get the right fit.
    After recently losing my air pods I have purchased 2 different types of
wireless earbuds and they just don't compare.  3rd times a charm in this case
because this brand has great sound when listening to music. I have not tried to
use with laptop but look forward to testing them out in my next meeting!
    these are the best wireless ear buds that have great sound and bass plus
making calls never have to worry about falling out of ear with the over the ear
hooks to hold them in place plus the c-type cord and charging display show the
percentage that is left
    These earbuds are awesome. I like how they stay in my ear always have
problems with the little earbuds falling out but because these wrapper on your
ear they stay in. The sound is awesome great value great quality you’ll be very
pleased with them!!!!
    I haven’t gotten to fully test the battery life as I just got them yesterday
and the charging case is doing it’s job, but the sound quality is good and the
noise cancellation works enough that I can’t hear myself singing along haha.
    Great pair of wireless headphones and the price was perfect. Just wanted
something I could use at work. Very good sound. Very good noise cancellation.
Very easy to use. Overall very pleased with this product.
    Easy controls, comfortable fit minimalist design even though product may
appear too large. Battery life can be extended while playing music at 1/4
volume, great  while wearing glasses and sunglasses. The only thumbs down I will
give this product is the ability to recharge individual earbuds at least twice
fully to get you through your day without recharging case ( that's on personal
life experience on which my days are average at 14-16 hours) over all is
something that is not a deal breaker for me. 👍🏾
    Came fast and well packed. Sounds pretty good, very comfortable, it's just
the right size, fits perfectly and doesn't fall off. You can easily do
gymnastics with this earbuds. Easy connection with Bluetooth, and easy to
manage. It is sweatproof, but not completely waterproof, so beware. Battery life
I think it's normal, 8 hours. Plus You can recharge them a couple of times with
the case. Also, case feels a little heavy, but nothing bothersome. Noise
cancellation it's not perfect, but pretty close to complete noise cancellation.
For me this are perfect, I'm loving it.
    These earbuds work well. After a couple of months we had a problem getting a
good bluetooth connection. Notified Acclaim and they replied with some
suggestion and ultimately replaced with a new set of earbuds.
    These work with my phone fine however I bought them for my computer for
online teaching.  I can't get the volume to respond on the computer or the
headphone buttons.  The mic barely pics up my voice.
    Came ready to use.  Really good sound, easy to use buttons and they stay
put. Yes. You can use them individually! I have not tried them making a call
yet. Noise canceling was not something high priority to me; this is medium.  You
can hear some of whats going on around you; which I want.
    They're some nice headphones and plus they tell u how much charged they are
and the percentage of the battery for the case Is which is great so you'll know
when to charge it instead of waiting to see if it's gonna cut off in the middle
of charging to know it needs charging. For the price I'd recommend it
    They hold their charge and fit nicely. I wish the bass was a little better,
but the exposed buttons more than make up for that shortfall. Definitely a great
value. I recommend for workout/run-types.
    I have small ear canals. The wrap around ear holders work very well for me
-- one of the few solutions that I have in the area of earbuds. The sound
quality is good and clear. They are a good value.
    These work great, the volume is loud, and they don't fall off my ears while
I'm working. They are inexpensive, but don't feel cheap, and I can use them all
week at work without having to recharge the battery!
    These suck the life of these suck if you sweat just a little they stop
working! I have had 3 pair! Bought 1st pair the right one didnt work they sent a
replacement that right one didn't work then the company sent me a free pair and
the right one once again stopped working! They need to put more work on the
right ear piece!
    There are great. I've only had them for a couple days but I've been using
them constantly while cleaning and doing things around the house. I love that
you have the option to only wear one at a time so I can keep an ear out for my
two little ones. They connect pretty much automatically to my phone once I've
taken them out of the case. The battery life it great too. I've worn one or the
other all day without any problems with the battery running low. They are super
comfortable and secure on my ears.
    I needed something with amazing battery for work. The pair I was using died
in less than 3 hours from a full charge. I've used these T17 for over 5 hours of
PC videos and they were still going. The feel is decent and the volume is
perfect. Love the case, just be carefuly, the hinge on the case can be weak BUT
it doesn't effect the charging and clips right back in, may not stay perfectly
but that is the only downside I have found and trust me I've been looking as I
do with all products to review them.
    These headset are so amazing for me. It’s hard to get headphone that can
stay in my ears so these go over your ear so it’s great. I had over a month and
just charged them a second time. I used them at work mostly so not a lot of use
but they are awesome. For the price u can’t beat. Quality is great case is bulk
n big but it’s ok for me. Love them
    These are great.  Work really well. Last for a long time.  I use them every
day for work and they are comfortable and don’t hurt the ears when they are in
for a long time.  The only small thing is the case lid isn’t held on that great.
The charging part works great but I dropped the case the first day I had it and
the lid popped off.  It still clips in but I have to be gentle with it.  Other
than that small thing I love them.  Also you don’t need the lid to charge so
that’s good.  When answering the phone everyone can hear me great too.
    Great for my morning runs, allows just enough ambiant noise to allow for
cars etc. Perfect light weight and great fit. My podcasts sound better than
ever. I love the one ear option for when I go with my daughter we can laugh at
the same stories.
    I love these headphones! They are a great value! I love the charging case
and that you know how much battery life is remaining.  The sound quality is
excellent.  The cons are that I wish they had a range longer than 33 ft,
incoming phone calls would actually say the phone number so that I don’t have to
look at my phone to see who’s calling, and I don’t think the song playback
button works.  None of those are dealbreakers, though, so I will keep them.
    First time trying them on right out of the box and I’m impressed. Having
them on for the first time I’m quite impressed. Sounds great and easily
connected to my iPhone XR.Update: went to the gym today and these sounded really
good with the right amount of bass. It stayed firmly on my ears as I was running
on the treadmill.
    Buena calidad de sonido, y me siento segura de que no se me van a caer. Y
aparte te mandan un rascale como regalo se te ganas otro par igual pero o
desepcion esto me llego.
    These are okay, great for the price! I have actual Power Beats and these are
a little less quality as far as the actual headphone material and the sound isnt
even close but great for the price.
    I find the sound quality to be really grating at anything more than half
volume. In comparison, I think the sound quality of Apple's older wire earbuds
are much better.The earbuds cut off from the device or disconnect from each
other (creating an echoed delay) during usage sometimes. Also, you cannot
connect the earbuds to more than one device at a time unlike others.
    Works as expectedEdit: battery in case began to discharge and make high
pitch sound.Headphones had high sound quality, good fit and felt like solid
build
    Very nice headphones especially for the price. Easy to work, speakers and
mic very clear and noise free when connected. I just started using it and
battery life thus far has been great. I will update review as i go along.
    Purchased these wireless earbuds to run. The look and qualify of the earbuds
and case are fantastic and exceeded my expectations. The maximum volume is much
lower than every other headset or earbud I have used. When running on a busy
road, it is very difficult to impossible to listen to podcasts or audio books as
sections get missed. Overall, I would not recommend these due to the volume
limitations - especially if planning to use anywhere outside of a quiet home.
    These are so easy to set up and use. Very comfortable and they don’t fall
off. Great sound quality for all uses. I love them for music, podcasts, and
talking on the phone -even in the car.
    I've used a few different brands of headphones, and these are really good.
I like that they come with different size ear tips, because my ear canals are a
different size.  The charge indicator in the case is also a great feature.
    Awesome ear buds that fit my little ears perfectly and stay put. Great
sound, too! Voice on calls is clear and crisp and answering a call isn’t a
difficult thing to figure out. Love these!
    I purchased these headphones as a Christmas gift for my husband, he loves
them! They are his first “nice” pair of headphones, he says the sound quality is
great and he really likes the quality of the noise cancelling feature as well.
    These are a great pair of earbuds.  I have waited years as the hype of
bluetooth earbuds came and went. I was satisfied with my 5 year old corded
earbuds- until finally I had enough. These were the earbuds I settled on. And it
was a great choice! The bass is quite good and the sound cancelling is actually
pretty good too. They also stay connected to my laptop as I walk around the
house. (Not 100% of the time but usually I get a really good range.) Overall the
sound quality is good for the price. Overall 10/10 would recommend.
    For the price i paid for this Bluetooth earpiece it has been great. Sound
quality is amazing nd noise cancellation is good also, i stay long on the phone
so my battery tends to die faster but so far its been great for me. i like it,
    I have bought a different pair before these, and I really enjoy the fit
better and do not hurt my ears. The quality of the calls is excellent, and the
music fantastic.I sue these while working out and audiobooks for school.I like
the digital indicator on how much battery life is as well.
    I have had a number of bluetooth headphones.I wanted a new set of headphones
for working out, that would stay in my ear and provide good sound and battery
life.The battery life is ~5 hrs. which is sufficient for working out.  The sound
quality is fine.  The bass isnt booming, but they are good for the price.The
charging case charges the headphones and I can get ~4 charges before needing to
recharge the case.Overall, I am satisfied with these headphones.
    I purchased these headphones because of the advertised battery life and so
far they are working great! I especially love the charging case it comes with
which is so convenient to use on the go or when traveling. And I like the LED
display that tells you how charged it is. It connects to my phone without any
issues and tells me when it is connected through the headphones. I love using
them while exercising or doing chores around the house.
    Couldn’t be any easier to charge my Apple Watch! Take it from the box and
plug one in to a USB, and the other end is the magnetic disc that clings to the
back of the watch.  I love it!
    When I found my previous headphones (Bose) at the bottom of the washing
machine I was so upset but it turned out to be a “Happy Accident” The sound
quality of my new Occiam’s is awesome, they fit great and never fall off my ear,
unlike my previous ones. One of the best features is that you can hear out of
both earpieces when on a phone call!!
    These things were worthless I had the first pair replaced after 2 days
because when I talk on phone the person could not hear me , so I request an
replacement I received the 2 nd pair and they wouldn't connect to my phone .
    So far so good. Sound is great, volume adjustable, comfy and safe over ear.
Sound control perfect. Keeps charge a long time. Makes me happy. I’ll keep a
watch for continued success.
    So comfortable! I have small ears and buds do not fit, I require them to
have the over ear security.  Great sounds, easy to replace in the charging case.
Compact and safe for travel.
    This product was a lot better than I expected for the price. The sound
quality is very good and fit is comfortable. No wire going between the two and I
can be active without it feeling like it is going to fall off my ears. The
battery seems to last a long time.
    I was gifted these headphones to use while working. They are very practical,
and have a tremendous battery life with clear sound quality. The earphones can
be used independent from each other- which is a fantastic benefit since I often
use them in situations where I need to be able to still be aware of my
surroundings.They aren't perfect, but for the price it is definitely a 5-star
buy.
    I got these for my mom who isn’t technically savvy, but she caught on to how
to use them and really is enjoying them! They are comfortable to wear and the
sound quality is great! She can walk all around her house away from her phone
and not be disconnected from the Bluetooth.
    Comfortable!! Most comfortable pair I have ever had. Gave a set and gave as
a gift. They loved them too. Ordered another pair for my son because I like them
so well and he loves them too.
    These sync really easily and have a low profile. Light on my ears and they
don't hurt. I can sleep with them on! Great for walking, running, comfortable
long-time wearing, and I wear them while cleaning.
    I have only had them a couple days. They are incredibly comfortable and the
batteries lasted more than nine hours of continuous use, listening to music and
receiving phone calls
    I have tried many wireless ear buds and either returned them or gave them to
my husband because I couldn’t keep them in my ears.  So far, these ear buds have
been the best I’ve tried.  I did a workout in them and stayed in without any
wiggling, plus they were comfortable.  The sound is decent, the case has an easy
battery life readout, and they paired quickly and with no problems.  I’ve only
had these about a week, but so far, I’m happy with them.
    Quit working after 2 months
    Great price excellent sound quality! This is actually my first blue tooth
item and I'm very pleased.  I did some price comparisons before purchasing and
these are amazingly priced compared to electronic stores! Great quality and
sturdy the back of the ear piece is soft rubber you don't even feel it. I'll
definitely gift these as well!
    I really liked this product. It has good battery life (haven’t had to charge
them yet and I’ve been using them for 3 days) and it also had good sound
quality. It’s fairly easy to connect one earbud and I often only use one at a
time. However, the downside is I haven’t figured out how to connect both a the
same time without really focusing. Other than that these are a great deal for
the price!
    These Bluetooth headphones are exactly what I have been looking for.  They
are lightweight, great sound quality and very comfortable.  After putting them
in, I literally forgot they were there.  Even with phone calls, it feels like I
have all the privacy i need because of the noise canceling feature.  I get about
20ft distance from my phone to the headphones.  For the price these are awesome!
    These sound great and stay put. Really good for working out. Great to have
freedom of movement without cords, bulky weight, or worrying about them falling
out. When I’m on the exercise bike, I can’t  hear my child talking at me at all!
Sorry! Can’t hear you! Go ask Mama!
    Best headphones I've owned in this price range. They don't get quite the
depth of sound as others I've used but these are a fraction of the price. Very
good battery life so far and good range. They are also pretty comfortable
compared to other wrap around earbuds. Only minor issue I've had so far is the
connection seems to cut out for half a second once and a while but not a big
deal for me. Solid choice if your looking for some everyday headphones that
won't hurt your pockets too much.
    I am surprised with the battery life it has since for me that is very
important. very easy to connect with my phone laptop and practically easy to
carry around in my handbag.
    I can use one in one ear for many hours until the battery is low. Then, I
put it in the box to recharge and put the other in my ear, and it is already
connected. Works great!
    I just received these and they are great.  I always have problems with
headphones falling out.  These wrap comfortably around my ear and don't budge.
The sound is great.  You also have the option of using just one or both at the
same time!
    The design, the comfort are very good, fast charge, the charge indicator is
a must so you know when to recharge the headphones, also you can use only one
and that is a plus.
    My main interest was being able to use headphones for several hours at a
time while doing day-to-day activities. I used to have collar headphones but you
pull them and hit anywhere. I love that these Western headphones can be used in
mono or stereo mode so they don't make it uncomfortable when working or talking
to people in my family. they are very comfortable in my ears.
    Not only was the charging case dead on arrival, but when I tested out the
ear buds the volume button only allowed me to turn down the volume. Couldn't
turn it back up on either ear bud. Lame
    So far happy with sound quality and battery life.  Only charged it once
since i received them last week.  Comfortable in my ears, and blocks outside
noise.  Only issue may be that those on other end may hear your background.  I
had to roll windows up and turn my radio off.  But, other than that......so far
so good!!!!
    Bought this headset due to the hook onto your ears in stead of the strictly
in-ear ones. Decent sound quality and battery life for the price. Only thing is
that I had another pair where the charging case can be used as a mobie charger
for other devices as well (i.e. phone) where this one doesn't
    These earbud are exactly what I was looking for to use with my android
phone. They fit over your ear and are very comfortable. I had bought several
pairs before these that were too big or I could not get them to set up with my
phone . These fit great,connected to my phone easily, and the battery life is
unreal.  They sound great and everyone hears me well.
    I am very impressed by these ear buds. The battery life is great. The sound
quality is great. And I have not had any issues with them disconnecting. I even
like that carrying case that doubles as the charging kit.
    I really liked these when I first got them.  They are comfortable and the
sound is pretty good.  The issue I have is that they cut in and out often.  One
earbud or the other will stop for a bit and then come back on.  The other
similar issue is that they power off randomly.  While running the other day my
right earbud kept cycling between power on and off, really disrupting the
experience.  Maybe it's just my pair but they just don't work to my
expectations.
    I don't really know much about headphones, I usually buy the $7 ones. But I
keep dropping my phone and my head phones get ripped painfully out of my ears.
Bluetooth stops that and these are great for sharing the office with my teacher
husband during pandemic times.
    At first I was skeptical of getting these ear buds because they were so
cheap but after using them for several days they were the best purchase to make.
The sound is great its not beats but its 30 dollars what can you expect.  The
most important thing to me is the functionality of the product and they function
exceptionally well. I was nervous if they would stay in my ears and after
working out with them for several days they haven't fallen out and the battery
life is excellent.
    Love these!  They are comfortable to wear all day  AND the battery lasts all
day!  Great sound and easy to use.  I have convinced 2 of my coworkers to also
purchase them.
    At first I could not figure how to pair them with my TV which is the whole
reason I wanted them. But my husband figured it out and now they are awesome.
They are so comfortable. I can sleep with them and they are completely noise
cancelling. The battery life is awesome. I am really pleased with ear buds and
for the price a fabulous deal. I recommend them for everybody.
    Sound is very low battery life is horrible
    Came mostly charged. Connected to my phone and laptop pretty easily. Sound
is pretty good. I have only been using them for a little while so far, so I will
try to remember to update on battery life later on.
    These are pretty good earbuds especially for the price. They stay in your
ears which is a struggle for most of my earbuds. They also block out sound
pretty well as I work in a loud environment. The only fault is the charging case
is not as great a battery.
    These are great for an inexpensive pair of earbuds. They are lightweight and
easy to use. They also fit on your ears firmly because they hook over the back
of your ears.
    I was looking for comfortable, over the ear fit and a mic for phone calls;
noise cancellation was not important to me, because I actually often need to be
aware of outside noise. These are incredible comfortable and stable, with LONG
battery life. The clarity for phone calls is great. These are exactly what I
wanted and needed, and the case is super secure and easy to carry. I thought I'd
have to pay twice the price for these - what a find! Thanks, Occiam!
    These fit my ears without falling out. The sound quality is fantastic. Great
battery life, going on 2 days without recharging. No background noise. I highly
recommend.
    Very good sound quality while paired to my iPhone and watch. Comfortable
even with ear covers for winter use. Long battery life and comfortable to using
it in my ears.
    Love the sound, but the case is hit or miss if it charges.
    Just got them last week. They have great sound and are easy to use. Best of
all, for me, is that the design helps them stay in my ears much better than
others I have had.
    I replaced another set of bluetooth headphones because  the volume was too
low, and there was no volume control. The Occiam Bluetooth Headphones hhave a
great sound quality and solid volume
    When I thought I lost my AirPods. I decided to come on Amazon again. Never
fails. Listen to the reviews! These are dope, fit great, feel great, are a lot
more stable in your ear compared to AirPods, volume is awesome. I can’t hear
anything other than this banging music!! I’m happy!
    Bought this as a gift for my Hubby - should have gotten one for myself!
Clear directions, easy to pair/set up. Comes with 3 ear tip sizes very
comfortable and secure to wear w/o fear of falling out while exercising. Luv the
charging case - stores the buds while not in use and keeps fully charged for
next use. My Husband said sound quality is great - uses both buds but likes
having the option of only wearing one. Definitely would recommend - very happy
with the purchase!
    These are my 8 year old's favorite pair for virtual learning and zoom calls.
They don't hurt his years and they stay on when they do jumping jacks/dancing in
class.
    I have always used the speaker on my iPhone with many complaints from my
family. I finally purchased these wireless headphones. My family is happy since
they can now hear me better. I can not compare these headphones to others but
for someone whom was not inclined to use headphones in the past, I am happy to
say that I will use these all the time!
    Have not found a dislike to date. I cannot use standard, just stick in your
ear, earbuds, as my ear orifice will not hold them in place. I have found these
clipping over the ear to be highly effective and the sound quality is excellent.
    fits well and comfortable.  good sound quality.  other earbuds fit well for
small child sized ears.  other earbuds would not fit, fell out of ears and were
not comfortable.  these fit snug and allow to be worn while active.
    First of all, they sound great . The around the ear piece is very flexible
to customize the fit. And finally, the controls are very simple to operate and
work easily.
    Customer service was excellent! They responded within 1 day and were very
accommodating and polite. The ear buds have excellent noise cancelation. They go
around the ears nicely and they come with a cute easy to transport case. The
best thing about them is that you can use each headphone on different devices!
They each serve as their own controller. Very pleased with the customer service
and with the product!
    I received my headset really quickly. I was a bit sketchy about purchasing a
brand I wasn't familiar with but I'm glad I took the chance. The headset fits
perfectly which is a big deal for me since I have small ears and I can never
find a good fit. The battery life is amazing and it works perfectly well. Once I
have my headset in everything else around is almost none existent. It's
definitely a 5 stars for me. Worked so well I bought another as a gift
    The sound is good but the batteries in the headphone and charging case die
after a day, even when you’re not using it. I got them to replace another pair
that lasted for days when they weren’t in use. Will be buying another pair
because this pair does not have a reliable battery life.
    the headphone is good in regards to quality and operation.  When I first had
them the sound quality was good only issue at this moment sometimes the person
on the other line said they get a feedback not quite certain if that happens
when the battery life is low but I will continue using and would give an updated
feedback later.
    Very pleased with the comfort and quality of these ear buds. The product
arrived with a broken case and I emailed the company as per inclosed warranty
info. They contacted me promptly and offered to make it right. Great customer
service!
    These headphones are incredible.  The bass tone is just off the chain
forizzle. Seriously qont be disappointed buying these.  I'm ordering more as
stocking stuffers!
    I bought these as alternative to my Bose ones that I can only wear at home .
The sound quality is great and almost similar to my Bose ones.  The batter life
is awesome and last more than 8 hours.  The design of the container box is great
by having digits showing batter level of the case.Overall,  I am very happy with
the performance, the battery life and of course the price. I would recommend my
friends buying these. I am going to buy a second pair of these real soon for my
son.
    Wonderful audio quality with the addition of it being waterproof & fitting
nicely in my ears as well as with the guard. I also appreciate the gift &
warranty.
    I got these because my old one broke and these are way better. Great sound
and very comfortable to wear. Tested them out at the gym and have no complaints!
Would definitely recommend.
    I've been using the wireless ear phones for only a day but they're great. I
really like no wires so they don't get tangled. Sound quality is also really
good.
    These will not stay connected to my device(s) like previous buds I have that
connect automatically every time. These lose their connection and have to be re-
paired every time.
    These ear buds are really a great value. I've tried many low cost wireless
buds but these have the best sound combined with exceptional battery life.  I
would highly recommend them if you don't want to pay for name brands.
    Yeah so first off the prize scam they have is just that to get reviews.
Second don't try and have a hat, glasses, beanie or anything around your ear as
they will get very uncomfortable and sound terrible. Once worn more than a few
times they don't sit in the charger case right right which means they will
connect/disconnect from my phone all day long even when not using them.........
    Compact wireless bluetooth earphones, when going out you also can easily
listen to music, comparing to wired headphones, they are much more convenient.In
particular, the headphones are very comfortable to wear, no pressure to the
ears, no swelling pain.The sound is good and clear, there is no noise.The
charging case can be charged and stored, with good battery life. It can be used
for 8 hours at a time, which is quite good.It's really nice looking, stylish and
comfortable to touch.
    Love the comfortable fit,now I don't feel like im going to lose one
everytime I wear them I feel safe with these in my ear for sure! The sound
quality is also really crisp and clear and pairs instantly, you definitely are
getting more for your money with these earbuds! Finally the search is over. Ps.
Battery life is fantastic!
    Apparently I have small ears, and finding earbuds that don’t hurt has been a
challenge. These were recommended to me, and I’m so glad I bought them. In my
picture you see the size difference of the piece that is at/in your ear. These
ones are smaller, so they don’t hurt, they stay put, and sound great.
    These are great. Sound is clear and there’s no cord which is great. The case
charges the ear buds so they are always ready to go. Love these. Worth every
penny.
    I love these headphones. They are comfortable and the battery life is
excellent. The sound is good. For the price I was really surprised at how good
they were.
    One of the best sets of ear buds I've ever owned! I live that way they fit
my ears. Normally ear buds hurt my ears after wearing them for a while but these
don't bother me at all! The sound quality is also great!! I could hardly hear
anything going on around me with the music playing lol
    like the fact that they wrap around the ear, very secure. Also the display
in the case/recharger makes it easyto see how much charge is left on the ear
buds and charger, my old earbuds told me low, medium and high.I also like that
the volume controls are on the ear buds and are real switches, I had a set that
used touch controland was hard to use. Pairing was easy and it reconnected on
the next power up.
    I just received my new earbuds yesterday and I have to say I'm impressed,
the sound quality is very smooth and I love the display on the charging case!
The design is really nice and I'm super glad the case has a C-type plug in for
charging since I own a galaxy device. Overall this is a good product for a good
price!🙂 I've also had a chance to speak with customer service for warranty and
to claim a reward and they are quick to respond and are very helpful!
    So far I've only been able to use them a couple of times. battery life is
great, i really enjoy being able to only use one headphone at a time, since i
bought them for work. Sound quality is great considering price point, they are
buds so they do cancel some noise, but they are listed as a noise cancellation
product. Overall ive super satisfied with my purchase as it beats having to
spend hundreds on some name brand beats or air pods that give little to no
upgrade in quality.
    These are amazing especially for the price! Unbelievable quality sound, and
long battery life. The charge is quick and gets you back in the gym in no time.
I especially like the extra ear hole covers, since I need the smaller ones to
fit my ears. I highly recommend this product, you won't be disappointed!
    These are awesome.  I love having the option to use one ear bud or the other
instead of both at the same time. Sound quality is great and battery life is
awesome
    I use this for discord while chatting with friends who are playing on PC.
Clarity is great and they hear me just fine while I'm playing on my Playstation.
    These earbuds sound really good, they also connect to one another as they
should, and they connect to all my devices easily. It is also worth noting that
the mic works pretty well.
    I intended for these to be a backup pair of headphones. For the money I
spent, these are outstanding! I haven't had them long, but so far they are
awesome!
    I really like these heaphones for such an amazing price, Noise cancellation
is amazing, battery life is great, I play music nonstop during school and it
lasts me several 4-6 hours days of constand use with limited standbye.they are
so light in your ears but they don't feel like they will break.
    It’s a good buy, if you want something quick. After 1 1/2 months the left
ear phone stopped working so if you plan on using it a long time, but another
brand.
    I really didnt want to spend a ton of money on wireless earbuds I would only
use for working out, but man these are perfect, they stay in the ear, last at
least 6 hours at max volume, and work great. Im glad I bought these.
    Very affordable and I am enjoying this unitIt fits the purpose of my life
style when working or long walks\running - takes sometime to get used to since
this is my first Bluetooth device for a while maybe 4-5 years so I like the fact
that the charging case takes a long time for it to be recharged.  I do believe
that one improvement can be made is to design the volume to be little louder for
the iPhone but volume works great on Windows 10
    I am loving these earbuds. They are comfortable and easy to operate. Love
the buttons on there where I actually know that I am pushing the right area on
the buds for volume and calls! And bending , jumping  and walking they are not
budging! Love them!
    I have finally found earbuds that fit in my narrow ear canals and don't slip
out while running and sweating. Having a portable charger is even better.
    Professional packaging, great design and they stay in place. Earbuds fall
out all the time so I was thrilled these stayed in place. Highly recommend.
    Very impressed.  I’ve been using these earbuds every since I got them and
charged the case.  The sound quality is awesome!  Seriously the other Bluetooth
headphones I’ve purchased when talking on the phone others would hear buzzing
and I’d have to cut them off but not these.  Very clear reception, no background
noise, music is crystal clear.  I am very satisfied and the price you cannot
beat it!
    After first wearing these wireless earbuds I was quite impressed.  The fit
was even better than my pro beats.  The tips stayed in my ears and the bass was
superb...great purchase.
    Love them for the gym, not as loud as other earbuds but they fit and feel
great. Could do a little better on sound quality but good buy for the money
    Fit my small ears really well,  sound quality for calls & audio is great.
Had it about a month no problems. In-case charging is a convenient feature.
    The headphones are pretty well sounding.  I have been using them for a
little over a week now while at gym, & no complaints on sound &/or connectivity.
    These headphones sound amazing. They are so much better than the headphones
that came with iPhone. And they stay on my ears wonderfully on my 4 mile walks!
    These headphones are great so far. Good sound quality and noise
cancellation. The only thing I wish is that people could hear me a bit better,
but still figuring out this feature. Their customer service has been helpful.
Best headphones I have had so far!
    Great clean crisp sound and a nice deep bass and well worth this low bargain
price.  Very confrontable around the ear fit . Best ear buds I have owned .
    These earbuds paired up quickly and easily with my Android phone.  I
purchased these based on previous reviews and because they had the extra piece
that holds them in your ear.  My previous set of $150 earbuds were constantly
falling out of my ears when working or exercising.  These stay in place nicely.
You can get better sound quality with higher priced buds, but the sound quality
achieved at this lower price point makes these a great buy IMO.
    These earbuds are great. Easy to set up and sound quality is very good.
Stay on ear well and very comfortable.  I use at night to listen to audio books.
With these you can use just one earbud. Would highly recommend!
    The sound quality is pretty good and they are comfortable. They never feel
like they are about to fall out of my ears. However, they go in and out of sync
frequently with each other and with my phone. They also disconnect and reconnect
with my phone often.
    I needed earbuds that had the hook that goes around the ear. These fit great
and feel very secure and so light that it doesn't feel like I'm wearing them. I
haven't had a chance to use them a lot so far, but the phone call I made
appeared to be clear and with no issues. I love having  actual buttons to push
for functions and the volume right on the earbud!
    Sound quality is very good, pairs easily with my phone, and picks up phone
calls well, there is a little background noise for the person on the other end
of the call but nothing that causes an issue and they calls are pretty clear on
my end. Customer service from the company was good quick to respond
    These wireless earbuds were easy to use right out of the charging case which
is nice and sleek, longer and less bulky than the earbud case my husband uses.
Earbuds paired easily and have great sound. I bought these to use at the gym and
appreciate the comfortable fit and the fact that they stay in place which is
important. Highly recommend, great quality at a great price.
    So far so good. Great quality and a very good fit. Excellent quality on the
case as well. Great choice in my opinion. Definitely good value for the price
paid!!
    These earbuds are perfect.  I have small ears and had issues in the past
with size of the earbud and them staying in.  This product offers a variety of
sizes that fit.  The ear piece side hooks over the ear, not too big or small.  I
can still wear my glasses and even my facemask with them on.  Sound quality is
great, works with my phone and laptop, highly recommend this product to others.
    I like the carry case/charger, it's a nice size. I also like that I can use
just 1 of them at a time. Good audio quality, comfortable fit.For the price
point, I would recommend these to anyone looking for a pair
    Defective, does not pair properly. Call quality cuts in and out. Has NO
noise cancellation.
    Needed wireless that wrapped around the ear and provided clear sound for
audiobooks. These fit the Bill.
    The problem with these is when I'm bending down to do laundry they stop
working! They just put what ever I'm listening to on pause everytime I reach for
a sock or something!
    I have tried so many different Bluetooth wireless earbuds over the years and
this model has the best deep bass  - definitely keeps the energy going when I'm
at the gym! It's very lightweight and comfortable once I found the best of the
three different sizes of earbuds tips. I also love that either of the two can be
the master earbud.. I use one for phone calls on my drive to the gym and the
second connects immediately when I put it on for music after arriving.
    Audífonos de excelente calidad, fácil de usar, el precio fue muy bueno y son
excelentes para usarlos cuando salgo a correr. Muy recomendados!
    Superb sound and durable quality! They dont fall off my ears while I'm
working out which is why I got these in the first place. The charging bank is
super cute and protects the earphones. I love them!
    Great noise cancellation and sound quality. The case is super high tech
also. About to go on my first run, so I’ll follow up with how they stay in!
    Great value. I'm very impressed with the comfortable fit. Easy to use with
nice accessible controls. Nice charging case, very good sound. 5 stars!
    So when I bought these headphone I bought them for work. I use one at a time
and love that one ear piece at will last me though most of my shift and that
they fit nice and snug in my ear. And if you sweat at work it doesn't damage the
products sound quality. I also like the fact that it has noise cancelling ear
piece. For the price of the head phones it's a great product
    If you lose the original usb you won't be able to charge it.  I've tried
using other android usb  cords and they will not fit into the slot.
    is larger than most, but works well, and that is what mattered to me. in the
beginning the hooks may slightly hurt, but you get used to them as they fit your
ear better.This review was written after using the product and in turn for
another pair of earbuds if you win the prize. This doesn't take away from the
truthfulness of my review.
    These are garbage
    I've been using these and am extremely pleased with how they sound, their
ease of use and the battery life.  The fit comfortably and I use them daily.
    After a 30’ minute ride, music starts to cut off . It automatically turns
off and on.Don’t buy.
    I just received the earbuds just today. But so far, based on my limited
experience, so good. I am looking forward to taking advantage of them to listen
to my tv shows, music, movies, etc.
    If you are looking for blue tooth earphones with a comfortable and good ear
clip this is the product, the bluetooth connection is very easy and charging
system is very good
    Just got my order and so far they connected easily. Did take a minute for
the other speaker to kick in which worried me but then was fine.
    So far so good, Sound is amazing. Reserve the right to change review after
extended use. I've had bad luck with every other pair I've purchased with them
shorting out and not working. Hopefully these are the ticket.
    For the price these are very good headphones. Decent bass and sound from
these. You obviously can't compared these to 200 headphones but they are not
meant to replace them. Very happy with performance for the price.
    I’m pretty disappointed in these earbuds. I like my earphones to be loud and
have bass and these don’t give me that. I do like the little charger but it
doesn’t take long for that or that earbuds to run out of battery. Only had them
for a month or so and the left is already broken, I didn’t do anything for it to
stop working so this was a no for me. Will not be purchasing again.
    These are fantastic.  Bought them for my husband, who has tinnitus.  They
are soft and fit him comfortable to lie in bed and listen to music and no wires
in the way.
    Really good earbuds, with impressive sound quality for the price. My earbuds
battery life last about 7-8 hours, and case life about 4-5 days depends on how
much you use it. Very comfortable on the ears, the only thing I would fix is the
hook so that it feels tighter around the ear. All in all, pretty good earbuds.
Would recommend.
    Have been using these a couple days and so far I love them! They fit nicely
in my ears and I don’t feel like they will fall out. I’m not a headphone buff
but that sound is great for my use and it definitely cancels noise to the point
where I didn’t realize right away my kid woke from their nap, oops 😅
    Great sound, I love all the buttons they have to control sound and switching
of the songs and answering your phone. It also has a long range I feel like from
your phone. Battery life is good
    I use them at work and then when I workout. I usually charge them overnight
and I’ve never had them run out of juice.Love the way they fit and the sound
quality is great. Even on phone calls.Wont disappoint!
    I purchased these b/c the other earbuds I have fall out of my ears. These
have the hook so it keeps them secure and I love the charging case. Great
headphones!
    Work fabulous the battery pack for the head phones isnt holding a charge for
very long was dead by the end of the first day i had it.
    Most comfortable in-ear headphones I have EVER had!!!! I have small ears and
these fit right in without feeling like I have a grape shoved in my ear! And the
sound is great!
    I am really enjoying this product so far. They keep a good bluetooth
connection, unlike my last pair. They seem durable enough and they stay in my
ear good. I have noticed a few times the volume buttons didn't seem to work, but
whenever I try it with my phone screen unlocked they always work, so maybe it's
just me. I love the long battery life they last all day no matter how much I use
them. Overall they are great headphones well worth the price.
    The first time we were charging it, it started smelling badly like something
was burning. It made the whole area of the house smell and luckily we were able
to figure out that this is what was causing it before it started a fire or
something.
    I made sure the headphones were fully charged three different  times before
running, and they continually turned on and off for my entire run. I returned
them.
    Update: cable got frazzled in one month; my replacements don’t fit for some
reason. Never had cables frazzle so quick. Now it is junk.
    Every time I move my mouth inhear a metallic crinkling noise! The sound
quality is awful.These are absolutely horrible earbuds!
    I use one earbud at a time and turn volume really low and sound is still
great. Connects well on my laptop and phone. Battery life has been awesome I
charged it when I first bought them it's been about a week and I'm still above
70% but maybe I dont use them as much as most would.
    I bought these for my wife as a Christmas present, and I wish I would have
bought myself a pair as well. Excellent sound quality, great noise cancellation,
and great fit. I love the battery charge read out that is super helpful and a
feature I wish I had on previous pairs of headphones. I would definitely
recommend these.
    They are very good quality earbuds. I bought them for my wife as a Christmas
gift. She really enjoys the sound quality. For the price, these earbuds are very
good!
    They are comfortable and stay securely in my ear during a fast paced walk.
Sound is good, too; I like that I can use one at a time if I want
    Omg, I've had these bluetooth for 2 days!!! I absolutely love them ❤️
Lightweight, sound is absolutely inpecibule, feels like I don't have anything
over my ear and I've gone through a lot of bluetooths!  I would definitely
recommend this brand.  Price point is on point!
    This works as advertised. Has consistantly connected (and initial setup was
straight forward / very low effort) after removing from case. The case setup
with the phones is smart. The recharge in the case (which helps ensure you don't
lose the earphones either) is fine to stick in the pocket of mens pockets but
will be bulky for other styles. I wear mine for running, however, the microphone
quality apparently is also good.
    These earbuds are awesome. Normal earbuds always fall out of my ears but
these weightlessly fit around the ears and won't fall out! I did a run test and
high movement test and they stayed comfortably in place. Sound quality is great.
Super pleased!
    I like them so much that I purchased another pair. The sound is great, they
are comfortable. The battery life is really good too!
    These earbuds so far are very nice. I like how they fit and love the sound.
It is clear and has good bass. I have only used them 2 times while I work out so
I have not really tried to change songs or volume too much but when I did it
didn't seem to work. I had to change it on my phone. I have gotten a phone call
while wearing them and the caller was able to hear me clearly. I like the
charging box too.
    I like the headphones! They have good sound quality and wireless with no
cord. They fit great on my ears! I don't think they will fall off. Battery life
is great!
    I bought this as Christmas present for my wife.  Some head phones have a
tendency to fall out of her ears but these have stayed in for her, even while
running.  We both found them comfortable and they were easy to get paired with
bluetooth devices.I was impressed the battery life and really like the display
that shows how battery life is left.Definitely worth the money so far.
    The Occiam Bluetooth Headphones are the answer to everything I was looking
for in a workout headphone! Finally, no issues whenever I need to adjust them
and they don't fall out. I am so used to having headphones stop or start a song
because of a simple press.These headphones have buttons that you push to start
stop and also to adjust the volume! I am beyond thrilled that I made this
purchase!!
    The sound quality is really nice, the ear buds fit great, & are comfortable
over the ear. The battery lasts so much longer than my other buds did. When
these eventually die on me, I will definitely order again!
    Earbuds came in record time and arrived partly charged. I used them
immediately and have been using them for the past 3 days on the same charge that
it arrived with! These earbuds are the best sounding Bluetooth device that I
have ever used and the battery life is nothing short of amazing!
    The sound quality is very good for the price. Battery life is amazing, not
even below 75% after an 8 hour shift. Only complaint is a little static when
running another app with sound with music going but it's not bad.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Great for running, doesn't
slip around because of the loop and rubber ear bud.  They are nice and small so
they fit easily under hats.  Great sound, deep base
    While these don't specifically advertise noice cancelling, the in-ear fit is
so good that it does actually provide that feature.
    Excellent battery life and clean clear sound. I don’t like the shape of the
more popular pod design, these stay in my ear perfectly and comfortable at a
fraction of the price!
    I love the design, the noise cancelling buds combined with ear hooks are
perfect for vigorous activity. My only complaint is the case cover's hinge broke
after a day, and now I must be careful not to lose it.
    Sound quality is outstanding (very clear) & perfect fit on my ears. The
charging case display well designed. Really like the ability to see the power
display & the display for each earbud. Also having the option of using 1 or both
earbuds is great can always have one charging when using the other. Highly
recommend.
    Ready to go right out of the box, super easy to use and stayed on during
yoga inversions...I cannot attest to the battery life just yet.
    They work great! Really happy with these headphones. I work in a factory so
its very nosey in there. They cancel out majority of the machines going for not
being an osha product. My partner uses one headphone while I use the other. We
can go a good distance too and it still play without messing up. By the end of
my shift there's still plenty of battery left in the charger and with
headphones. I would definitely recommend these 👍🏽
    This product seems like it will be the right thing for my husband. Sound
quality is good, he like the piece that goes over the ear versus just placing in
the ear.
    Feel amazing on my ears and stay in place. Love them! I don't care for
regular buds as my ears are small, so these are just right. They are made of
durable materials as well.
    These headphones are so comfortable. They connected easily to my kindle. The
sound is clear. My favorite part is I can use one and leave the other in the
case. I like to listen with one ear to my book but be able to hear my
surroundings. Awesome! I would buy these again.
    They are comfortable and feel secure on my ears. I just received them and am
excited to try them out, but so far they're exactly what I need.
    Haven't tested it with my computer yet but with the phone it's great, and
the earbuds fit my ears and are comfortable, which are usually an issue since I
have small ear canals. The hooks and small covers make it a snug fit. The sound
is really clear and the music quality sounds good.
    Just made the jump to Bluetooth earbuds a few days ago. So far so good; this
product has been as advertised. Used it twice.
    They have a great fit and great sound quality especially for the price! They
stay in my ears better than more expensive air pods.
    the sound quality is great and the battery lasts well. I use these
headphones at work for phone calls and music handsfree.
    Really like these headphones! I needed headphones that securely wrapped
around my ear! Buying these for my mom so its easier for her to pick up the
phone and dance while cleaning lol
    They were delivered very quickly and will work perfect for Bluetooth &
music, love that you can use them independently
    Great sounds...I love that these stay in my ears ...I have other ear buds
but will not stay in my ears they fall out ..I love these
    My mother in law loves them!The sound is clear, it is perfect And
confortable around the ear!Very happy with my purchase:)
    Pretty good! It's my first time using wireless and I am definitely not
disappointed. The range is amazing, the sound quality had me shook, the
microphone could be a bit better and it does cut out a small amount(but it comes
right back). I love these headphones and they are the best I've had so far.
Would definitely purchase more of them from this company
    I love how they fit on my ear and are not easily shaken. They charge so
amazing and the sound is amazing. Thank you!
    Great sound and noise cancellation. Other buds kept falling off. These stay
in and feel great. Don't feel like they are going to fall off.
    Just opened the package but if I give them 5 stars I get lifetime
warranty?Although at first glance between the noise canceling/ sounds quality
I'm not regretting putting 5 stars.
    I have another pair that go around my ear.  These fit better and the quality
is so much better.  I would buy again.
    I love the size and wireless of the headphones. You can choose to just have
one in your ear as they both have mics.
    I rarely write reviews but these are my 2nd pair of earbuds in the last 60
days and I just got them. First of all they actually stay on and in my small
ears!!!! Even the iPhone earbuds fall out. Plus they were fully charged upon
arrival.  I literally opened the box, put them on, went to Bluetooth on my phone
and there they were. All in less than a minute!  Impressive
    These headphones paired quickly and easily with my phone unlike several
other pairs I have used. I love the charging case, as I with my old headphones I
would have to remember to plug them in periodically and they would often be dead
when I would go to use them. I also love that they come with multiple size
earbuds - I need the smallest size and it can be difficult to find earbuds that
stay in my ears but these are great!
    Ear buds worked fine but only until they ran out of battery.  Charging case
never worked and can't recharge buds.
    I was looking for my first pair of earbuds on Amazon and when I came across
these they spoke to me. Having the piece that goes behind my ears was important
to me. These seemed to fit the bill and are priced right. I just got them and
they are as good as advertised.
    I was pleasantly surprised with these earbuds. I hesitated to use wireless
(yes, I'm old school), but these proved to be easy to charge, easy to pair with
my phone, and easy to use for a phone call. You won't be disappointed if you
choose these earbuds.
    Paid the same price for another ""wireless" earphone with the cord
connecting them and these don't have the connecting cord as they are truly
wireless.  They come with a cool charging case and the battery life is good.
They fit well also.  Compared to the high price for other wireless earphones
these sure do the job.
    this product is fine but im writing a new review because in my package, I
received a scratch off to where I won another pair of the headphones. Once I
notified them and went through process to get my free set, per their
instructions, I still did not receive my free set. I emailed them a month later
and they did not even respond.  Its seems to me that they just want you to give
them five stars so their product can at top of the search.
    I’ve only had them for a few days but they’re everything I needed so far.
Easy to pair, decent battery life, and I like that the case shows me the charge
level for both the headphones and the case itself.
    Super clear and easy to use. Does not strain ear canal like other in-ear
buds. I love that I can use either one or both. Also has actual buttons so you
know where to click I stead of frantically feeling around for the right spot.
Replaced my Apple pods with these.
    I’ve just received these earbuds and I’m so excited about them!! The sound
is awesome and they way that it fits in my ear cuts out all outside noises and
just gives clear sounds into my ear!! I haven’t had them long enough to review
the battery quality but I love that you can charge the case that they are housed
in and then take it with you in case you need a wireless charge later!!
    these were 95% charged when received . with very clear instructions on
setting up the pairing to the cell phone !
    Great battery life.  I like that fact that you can use one ear piece alone
and if individually,  it's 18 hrs total!
    These are some of the best earbuds I have found.  I switched to the smaller
tips and they are super comfortable.  They are very lightweight and so far have
worked really well.  They do not pull on your ears at all.  The only thing I
have noticed is when someone called me they cut in and out some, but I think
that was due to signal not the earbuds.
    These over the ear Bluetooth headphones are comfortable.  I use them when
walking and doing yardwork around the house.  They sound good,  come with an
assortment of ear buds covers, usb cord and the case has a charge level
indicator.  If they last, this is a great option for the price point. I am glad
I bought them.
    They are amazing earbuds, but they broke so easily after having them for
only a week. Enjoyed them but will not be purchasing a new pair.
    Loved the fit it is really comfortable. It is great that you can see the
power level in the charging case. Like them better than more expensive brands.
Spar earpieces to customize fit is a definite plus.
    The headphones are a great product.  They feel good in my ears even with a
mask on.  Pairing them to my phone was a snap. The sound quality is pretty good
despite its affordability. I tend to think you get what you pay for.  Beyond
that, I really like how either side can be the dominant controlling side.
    Earbuds are great as expected. Quick to charge and both earbuds paired
together and with my phone real simply.Only used for a little while but
everything is good so far.
    It's extremely easy to use which safes a lot of time when answering calls.
I'm still learning about it will update review after testing.
    These are so cool.  They are comfortable to wear and the sound quality is
very good for both parties.  I love that you can use one at a time or both.
They conveniently charge in the case at the same time.  Easy to use.
    They sound good. They lack that bass punch that you get with full size
headsets. But they are still impressive.
    I usually do not like inner earbuds but these fit VERY comfortably and do
not fall out no matter how hard I try. Sound quality is great as well! Lots of
base. Also love the settings for changing song/answering calls. You have to
actually click the buttons on the earbuds which prevents you from accidentally
hanging up on someone or changing the song when you don’t want to. Big fan
    I love the hassle free packaging. The headphones are awesome. I just
received them in the mail && they sound great! I can’t wait to try them when I
go running.
    Husband got them for “Christmas” AKA already opened them but seems very
impressed with the quality and likes the over the ear option!
    The earbuds and case were fully charged within the hour and the sound is
fantastic! They are very comfortable too.
    I have small ear canals so have not had successes with any earphones.These
were a miracle!.stayed in place the entire length of my walk! The sound quality
was good and battery life was great also.For the price they are amazing!
    Used my headphones as soon as I got them. Paired easily with my Pixel 5.
Good sound quality and blocked out most of the background noise.  I rowed on my
concept 2 with my kids playing(screaming) in the background and I couldn't hear
them
    These are better than what I was wanting. Great clarity, excellent noise
cancelling, extremely user friendly.
    Great quality for the price! I got these for my husband who had a Bluetooth
that would work sometimes. He drives a lot so he is always using it. So I found
this on a recommendation from some website. Im glad I got these, he can hear
clearly now and he hasn’t had any issues so far. Sound is great and there is no
background noise. If you don’t want to spend so much money on air pods the get
these!
    I like these headphones for1)comfortable ear ear hook2)It uses USB-C
charging cord ( same cord as my phone)3)you can use one earbud at a time or you
can use both at same time
    Sound quality is excellent. Just got these. I got one set for my dad and one
for myself after I checked out my dad’s.
    i love it! it sits comfortably in my ears! and the noise cancellation is so
good that i cant wear it to work anymore lol im only allowed to put on earbud on
one ear and even just on one ear, i cant hear clearly when someone is calling me
lol so that should tell you a lot
    Comfortable, great sound quality, blocks pretty much all sound, and they
stay in my ears perfectly.  I love them.
    These are amazing $25 head phones. I wouldn't expect beats, but you aren't
paying for those. They do exactly what they claim, have a great sound quality
and battery life. Very happy with my purchase!
    Just hooked up my new ear buds to my phone and it was very easy. The sound
is great and has good base to it.
    Gave this to my mother in law and she loves it. They're very easy to use,
quality is great, the sound is pretty good and they're quite comfy.
    They are working well so far. Good sound. Good fit and been working for a
few weeks. Have not had any problems with them to this point.
    Good buy worth the money sound is ok not great you can use them as head
phones or individually charging case is great battery life is pretty good
    They work really well. Good sound and the charging case is nice. Also nice
that it shows the charge level. The bass is really good. They fit very well and
I have small ears, so the fit is usually an issue.
    They fit really well. I wear them when I jog and never feel like they are
going to fall.  They have a great sound.  Definitely recommend these headphones.
    These fir the ear comfortably and do not irritate it. Controls and
connection of these is easy and I used these on my laptop for gaming and I could
hear them well but they could barely hear me but I fixed that in pc system
setting under device master volume. Love that the case can be charged and charge
the earbuds without being plugged in.
    They paired with my phone instantly. Sound is clear but I don't listen to
music.  Secure fit in ears so they won't get lost.
    I have only used these earphones a couple of times, but am happy with them
so far. They are a very good fit and the sound quality is excellent. I have not
yet tried them with a lot of background noise, but I expect them to work well.
    These earbuds are exactly what I needed. They fit securely when working and
sound great for the price. Great features
    Could not have made a better choice. Highly recommended. Sound quality is
great. This is an awesome buy for 2021.
    Just purchased these and they are as described. They worked right out of the
box. AWESOME customer service.
    Great pair of earbuds! I have been using them for about two weeks and have
had no issues. Solid, deep bass. Highly recommended if you are a runner, like I
am.
    It took some time to get used to the settings, but overall I really like
headphones. I received the headphones on Thursday of last week and today
(Tuesday) is the first time I have to charge the case. They definitely are noise
cancelling which is nice when you are in a loud area.
    Very good value.  Fits very comfortably, and my ears have had challenges
with many others.  Very good sound, at least for spoken voice.  Hopefully they
last!
    Occiam's earbuds have great sound quality for listening to music and, so
far, the battery life has been good.  During phone calls, the sound quality on
the other end is ok to good.
    These headphones are pretty awesome for the price! The case itself doesn’t
show any led light showing the charging for the case? Not sure if I missed it or
not that would be the only minus for me but overall decent product.
    So far they work great. The only thing I don't like is they won't pair to
more than one thing at a time.
    So far so good. They stay on extremely well and that's exactly what I needed
for working out and running
    Amazing ear buds for the money. Works great when watching movies with amazon
fire stick. Holds a very long charge. Great quality at a even better price.
    The sound quality is Crystal clear, the noise cancelation is great for phone
calls and sofar the battery life is great, I have been using for the better part
of the day with no problems. Now the only thing is that you need a type C to
recharge the case.
    Had an issue with the original pair I got, I contacted customer service and
they were very responsive and were able to resolve my problem quickly. Sound
quality is good, battery life is great.
    i like everything about these earbuds! very good deal for the price! well
worth the money and my wife and i are very happy with them!
    Great noise cancellation- though definitely not 100%- and beautiful audio
quality. Comfortable to wear for a few hours- past that (though this may be
because it's in combination with a face mask) it can make your ears hurt a bit.
Battery on headphones lasts several hours, and case battery lasts for up to a
week even when headphones are used frequently!
    Love these! They are super comfortable and sound great!  Surprised at the
amount of low end!  My kids are now jealous - as they like these better than
their App le airpods.
    These are awesome. Great sound for the price. Love the way they charge. They
are very comfortable. The sound quality is great for the price.
    These are pretty good earbuds. I really can't even tell that they are on,
and they do not fall out of my ear, like other ones do. I wish the volume would
go a little louder, but it is sufficient. I also wish they have a wireless
option so I could put it on my charging pad. Other then that they are great.
    Unfortunately it stopped working and started to have this buzzing noise. I
would like a replacement considering its only been two and a half weeks. They're
very wonderful headphones and say on during all of my exercise routines so I
don't want to swap to another pair but I can only use one headphone now.
    Comfortable, quality sounding headphones that have a great battery life!
Stay put in your ears while exercising.
    Defective volume up and down doesn't work sound is not good can't believe
all those 5 star ratings. Someone stuff the ballot box
    I came upon this one after trying out three other sets of earbuds and this
one, by far, is the best of the lot. Well designed, easy to pair, fits snugly,
sounds good, has a tactile switch, and shows charging levels when inserted into
the charging box. Excellent value. Also, prompt customer service.
    Comfortable to wear it, excellent sound, battery holds power for many
hours.I use it to workout and jogging, keeps on place without falling from my
ears. I would recommend good price, good product.
    Sound quality is great! Unbelievable base! They are very comfortable on your
ears. Good quality and great customer service. Excellent price!
    I dislike the case. As soon as i flip the lid it comes apart in my hand. The
pin is missing that holds it together. Im very upset. I just purchased these
head sets. Also now it doesn't hold a charge. Poorly put together item. I'm very
disappointed.😟😟
    These earbuds were exactly what I was looking for: a pair of Blutooth
earbuds that could be used either together or separately to play music from my
laptop, my phone and anything else that accepts Blutooth!
    We love them!***UPDATE***Hubby can’t believe that they are such a great
quality for the price! They are awesome for noice canceling!
    Got these for my husband and he loves them so far. The battery percent
indicator is neat and very easy to charge.
    I have had several wireless earbuds and these, by far, have the best sound.
I really like the fact that they have the hooks so that they will stay in place
whether I am running or mowing the yard.  They are very comfortable and being
able to see the amount of charge on both the case AND the earbuds is very
useful.
    Love my new earphones, they don't fall out every few minutes like air pods.
Don't regret this purchase.
    I work construction so I usually one wear one on the job site. They where
great right up until they sucked. I used the left for about a month and a half
before the blue tooth would cut in and out. I would get every other word or
every 5th word. I switched to the right and it work great for about 2 weeks.
Same problem. Battery life is hit or miss.
    I love these earbuds! They exceed my expectations!! The sound quality is
amazing. Great purchase!!
    These earphones are great at this price point.Quality of case,ear
phones...fit and various ear pieces...really good.Easy bluetooth pairing and
good sound quality.The ear loops keep the phones secure without having to stick
the ear buds way into the ear.
    I absolutely love it! Easy to use, my ear feels comfortable. Great value for
money too. I would recommend it to a friend.
    Earbuds  don’t usually fit me well and are very uncomfortable. So far these
have bee. Awesome and stay in place welll
    I bought these to use in the office. So far I love them. They stay connected
VIA bluetooth and has great sound quality. I recommend these if you're looking
for a cheap price with great quality. They look way more expensive than you
would think. I love them.
    Great headphones for the price. They sound good. I haven't run with them yet
though, I'll update after.
    Using for work on conference calls.  Audio and speakers work well. Maximum
battery life is approximately 4 hours before I have to recharge.
    I just got the buds yesterday, but I love the ease of connectivity that's
big for me while driving, etc. The case is sleek and the buds are lightweight
and easy to use that too is important to me. The noise cancellation is the only
space that's questionable for me... as my dogs snore and I can still hear them
while wearing the earbuds, but that's cool I guess.
    I bought 2 of these; one for my wife and one for me.  Out of the box the
device paired easily with my Galaxy Note 10+ as well as my wife's Apple iPhone
10.  Easy to follow instructions.
    Muddy sound, poor lows, treble is indistinguishable. good for phone calls,
not great for music.
    There is nothing I didn't like about these earphones. The sound quality is
better than airpods. Quick charge and long battery life. I would definitely
recommend these for yourself or as a gift.
    I bought them based on its reviews and I was not disappointed. I enjoy the
comfort and the stability on and in the ear as I go bike riding and need that
security. The charging case stays charged for more than a few days with non use
and charges up fast it needs to be charged.
    Beautiful and sleek,they are very comfortable with a bendable rubber piece
that wraps around the ear.So far, so good.
    Super quick delivery. Can even hear my music while on my lawn mower. love
the way they feel and they don't hurt my ears. Totally recommend
    I am not much on technology so was hesitant to purchase these earbuds. I am
so glad I did. Easy to use, light on the ears and great sound.
    What an amazing product for such cheap cost! I like the fact that unlike
Samsung or Apple pods, these go over the ears.
    These are pretty great. I had them for a few months now and i recently had
one go missing. Turns out i put it in the wash. A whole wash cycle and hours of
just sitting at the bottom of wet clothes and surprisingly it still works. I'm
more than impressed and honestly very thankful since i hate having just one
earphone. I say they're worth the money after that
    Yay!  I think I have finally found the right wireless headphones for me.  I
must have weird shaped ears because all the other ones I’ve tried fall out when
I’m running, even with smallest ear bud.  Sound is great and ear pieces are
comfortable!  Hooray!!
    Since my ears are so small, regular ear buds want stay in my ear canal.
This was the best decision I made to keep them hanging onto my ears.
    After one full use charger box wont charge tjem no more and the display
stops working. Worse buy.
    I have bought and returned 3 earbuds from other companies in the past 3
weeks. I like these though. I just enjoy the fact that it has buttons operate
the volume and to turn it on or off. My only complaint would be that it wasn’t
as loud as I expected. Good bass though.
    Ear buds stay securely on the ears and provide nice sound. The case charges
with a USB-C cord with is great.
    Comfortable wireless earbuds that STAY PUT! I love the charging carrying
case. Super convenient!
    Great price and work the same as most expensive ones. They are very
comfortable with a bendable rubber piece that wraps around the ear. The ear
wraps are soft and flexible and not noticeable. The earbuds fit great and I have
no fear of them falling out. Also, microphone for phone calls is very good,
people I've called said they hear me loud and clear, no buzzing or static.
    Sound quality is not very good and you need to keep your phone very near for
better connection
    Great bang for your buck.  Very responsive customer service.  I bought
Occiam Bluetooth Headphones- as back up for my "better" earbuds I now find
myself using Occiam all the time . I am very pleased with the robust battery
life.
    Bought them for my husband and he loves them so far! Very noise cancelling
and sound like you are completely surrounded by just the music.
    The battery last for a long time. I have bought 6 earbuds and they were not
as good as occiam.
    Good sound, affordable price, very good deal. Paired easily, very
comfortable on the ears.
    I like the fact that I can work out without it falling out of my ear
    Theses are the best Bluetooth headphones I have ever owned. They're
comfortable and have great sound. Long lasting too.
    Exactly what I needed, usually wireless headphones like air pods just fall
out so these are perfect.
    Great product. I was looking for something that was not noise canceling and
these are perfect. The traveling case is small and compact. Excellent battery
life
    Great quality at a great price! I've been searching for wireless buds for a
while... It's nice to have a pair that pairs effortlessly AND doesn't pop out of
your ear and bounce under the car when you yawn.
    Only worked one time , the left side won't even turn on.  Very cheap product
for the price
    Super easy to pair with my iPhone X! So far great sound quality. I love that
you can just use one of the earbuds if you need to!
    Easy to use. Stay on!!! I especially like using these while walking or
working in the yard and listening to audio books.
    Everything about this item is good except for one thing my son stated that
the ear bud on the right side has a little static in it so he might be returning
it to You
    Finally some headphones that work! Spectacular battery life. Prompt
delivery. Thank you.
    The volume output and noise cancelation are wonderful. The range between the
headphones and the device they are connected too is great. I can walk around my
house and patio without losing connectivity. Battery life is decent as well. The
waterproof is definetely solid. I tested it out by using the headphones while it
was raining and there was no problems at all. Great purchase for me :)
    Seem to work good. Battery lasts a long time and don’t have issues with
staying on my ear.
    Ive bought a lot of bluetooth wireless headphones and these are amazing. Ive
found some great one that ive also put at 5 stars but my opinion these are the
best. These are low profile compared to others, get just as loud as others ones
but these have great sound quality. Love them and highly recommend.
    Just received these headphones (they came quickly) and setup was simple and
effective.  They sound great and no problems connecting to my phone.  The
charging case is convenient and a good way to store the headphones safely.
    Got these for my daily exercising, and the sound quality comes through clear
through all of my workouts. So far so good!
    Great product. Just wish the battery lasted a full 8 hours so I could wear
all day at work
    Loved them! Great sound quality and they connected with my smart watch super
fast and easy!
    I like the way that they stay in my ears and how I can hear clearly and the
person I'm talking with heard me clearly also!  The battery life is great also!
    Was great at first but after a few uses it's very sensitive and even tilting
my head or my phone moving causes the sound on one of the earbuds to cut out
momentarily.
    Pricier than most moderate earphones. Hoping for the best. Will comment more
in a few days
    Love the design and great for working at my desk and listening to music also
love the sound quality.
    I’ve ordered plenty of headphones from China looking for the biggest bang
for the buck and I finally found it! Sound quality is better than most
headphones and the charge lasts a long time. I tried running with these today
and these fit snug in the ear and never felt that they were going to fall out of
my ears. Definitely great value for the price.
    The reception will not go too far before cutting in and out, and the bass
isn't anything exceptional, but they are decent for playing games, listening to
music, or watching a movie! Don't expect to be blown away with these headphones,
you'll be disappointed!
    Bought these for my teen daughter, she loves them, they are light weight and
comfortable.  She had no issue pairing it up and the sound quality is really
good.  Good battery life too!  Great product at a really good price.
    That is great wireless earbuds for me.. sound quality is good also the
battery is longer..
    These Bluetooth sport earbuds are a good value: simply well designed with
excellent sound at a very good price. Five stars for first impressions, but will
reserve or subtract one star until after I use them for two years since other
brands haven’t lasted beyond that period for me! If I get two years of use than
I’ll circle around and give 5 stars.
    Just received these headphones, and they were easy to setup, sounded great
(strong bass and sound).  I was pleased about the lifetime warranty and the fast
responses from customer service I received. Worth the purchase.
    Great quality sound and stays in my ears while I work. Battery life is
amazing honestly.
    Just received - earbuds were fully charged and the case was 75% - Easy peasy
to pair and use.  Like how they fit around the ears - nice and comfy. Incredible
shipping (same day - awesome)  So far so good!
    So far so good, just received and checked sounds on all apps I frequently
use. Pairing was super easy and I love that they automatically pair and unpaired
at the touch of a button and when put back in the case. Will update on battery
life later
    Great product fast shipping very good sound quality battery life lasts all
day I like the fact that you can have one in your ear while the other one is
charging
    The sound is amazing so light weight I hardly know they are in. The battery
life and range are great.
    These earbuds are amazing! The sound quality is great and they stay in place
even with high intensity cardio workouts. I definitely recommend them!
    The sound is Great on these, if your looking for good earbuds this is the
one for you.
    I received these for Christmas.  Lightweight, long lasting battery and
fantastic sound.  Love these.
    They are not loud enough and they are definitely not noise canceling. I do
like the way they fit around my ears though. Also the range is not very good.
    I use them to replace a wireless beats headphones, and are doing an amazing
results
    I like the soft quality of the earloop, doesn't irritate ears if you use it
even for hours. The sound is very clear. One of the nice features is you get to
know the quantity of charge on each (left and right ) earphone.
    This is my first pair of wireless headphones and I am loving them! They stay
on great, the sound quality is great, the range from the paired device is good,
and battery life seems good. The only issue I initially had was trying to change
the size of the ear bud. It was really hard to put the new size on, but I guess
maybe that means they won't fall off either :)
    Overall they're a good set of earbuds that don't fall off because of the ear
clips.  Not too tight so comfortable to wear.
    The sound quality is amazing and the fit is comfortable, where there is no
chafing or discomfort.
    The sound quality WAS great. That’s all that was good about these. After
only 2 months of use, they won’t charge anymore. Waste money.
    They sound quality is great! Battery seems to last a good while.  I just got
them.
    These bluetooth headphones are awesome. I'm a mailman and I listen to music
all day long. I use one side at time  and have gotten 9 plus hrs out each one.
They sound incredible  the only upgrade I did was buy foam ear tips I didn't
like the tips it came with kept coming out of my ears. Other than that you can't
beat them on price and quality highly recommended
    These wireless earbuds are great. I’d previously tried the earbuds without
the ear hooks, but they kept falling out of my ears. With changing the ear caps,
the fit is great and the ear hooks help them to stay in place. The noise
cancellation feature is wonderful, as calls are clear. Good purchase for the
price.
    Yes!! Loved them. Very comfortable behind the ears. Noise canceling. So far
the charge is great! Charges quickly!!! Im satisfied. Worth it.
    Overall great product, noise cancelling could be better. Battery life is so
so as I can get about 6 hours max before charging
    These headphones are great! Great quality sound! And the microphone works
great as well. I just have the headphones for a couple weeks and it feels weird
walking around the house without needing to hold my phone and being on a call
with someone. Only minor thing, the lit of the case was a little bit loose just
2 days after I got it. Not sure how to tighten it.
    These earphones are very comfortable and sound wonderful while I'm taking my
walks.
    Great product for a very nice price 👍. Sound is awesome 👍Comfortable on the
👂👍 very nice guys
    Love these headphones definitely worth the money.  They are great when I’m
teaching or just listening to music!  Great sound quality!
    I was impressed by the sound quality and battery life. price is also great
for this kind of quality. they are comfortable and light weight too.
    So far the sound quality is good and the battery life isn't bad. I love the
case
    So far so good, just barely got them, I like the slick black cool look,
doesn't look cheap and it's pretty heavy. I will test it out through the week
and update this product but so far happy with my purchase. Great bass, sound,
look, and easily connect to my phone.
    Excellent product.  Charges quickly and excellent battery life.  The sound
quality is crystal clear.  Fits quite comfortable. Noise cancellation is also
great.  Am very pleased with this purchase
    I have small ears so the earpiece is perfect. I like the sound better than
my AirPods.
    Love the product so far. Great sound quality and it was easy to set up and
use.
    So these charged up pretty quick the fit nice I got these fat ears and they
stay nice at work and while I do my workout on my breaks ..the sound is pretty
good some YouTube videos with better sound production sound really good
    Sound great and fit great. Others can hear me clearly. So far I'm very
satisfied and definitely recommend.
    Feels so good, sounds real dood. I cant see them in my husband's ears.
Awesome product.
    Bought this to replace another brand that just stopped working. My husband
loves it, doesn't fall off his ears when he's working. I love it when we video
chat and don't hear the noise background. Battery last long and tells you the
battery life. I will definitely buy this as gifts for family and friends.
    It is really good at all levels, just having an issue with the cable but it
is replaced by another one within a day.
    Fast shipping of a quantity product. I am very pleased with the sound
quality.
    One of my earphones was not working so I reached out to Occiam customer
service and they got back to me immediately. Sammi Chen was the representative
that responded and had an immediate solution for my problem, we troubleshooted
and once we came to conclusion she told me that she would be sending me a brand
new pair right away. Best customer service ever!
    Really good quality. Doesn't hurt my ears, I don't like when my ears hurt
after using headphones. The sounds are great, don't even need to make it loud.
Battery life is awesome. Connection to phone is super simple.
    These headphones works great, I love that they do not fall off while I'm
working out. I have small ears and most headphones do not fit my ears. These all
provides excellent sound with my music.
    Where do I start...they are uncomfortable to wear longer then a phone call,
there is no noise canceling there ear bud pick up everything and you can't hear
who you are talking to if you are outside or in a car. These are the worst ear
buds I ever bought. This is a horrible product and they are nothing like the
discription
    It works great.. it took a little time to figure it out, but once I got both
ear pieces to work together.. I'm very satisfied..The help comments really do
help if you're in a jam!
    Good quality product fast deliveryI love the sound they're really nice I
love the dick connect instantly minute you pull them out of the box
    Amazing sound quality and a comfortable fit over ears that doesn't fall out
accidentally
    Headphone have a good Sound. I just have to get used to a headphone in my
Ear but so far so good.
    Seller and customer service  have been great at any of my inquiries about
these blue tooth's.. Thanks
    I have not tried them yet, but I do like the digital charging and I like the
case.
    Been using them off and on for a few days now and still have great battery
life in the original charge of the case.  Great sound so far, decent outside
noise cancellation, and live that I can use just one or both equally well. They
paired very easily with my phone as well. Would recommend.
    Works fine for me; like the new USB-C interface and LED displays in the case
    I really liked this product bought it for my husband for Christmas 🎄 he
really liked it was a very good gift idea. He mainly uses them for when his
cutting the lawn to exit the noise from the tractor with music.
    Charged out of the box.  Asks for review right away.  Looks functional for
the price
    I definitely recommend it. It works great and they also give you free gifts
    I bought these and have only used them twice.  I charged them for at least
12 hours and they lose their charge and die within 3 hours.  They are total junk
and a waste of money.
    The easiest Bluetooth headphones I've ever owned. Paired effortlessly and
perfectly.
    Stay on your ear during workout. Decent noise canceling and great sound.
Only wish the speakers were a bit louder. Clear sound will update if this
changes with age. Bought some raycons and beats that just didn't age well
decided to go a bit cheaper this time.
    I love these ear phones.  The fit is perfect.  The sound quality is great.
Battery life could be a little longer .  Overall for the price. They are great.
Ps they are very comfortable , you do not feel them in your ears.
    I have had many cordless headphones over the years but they always had a
connecting band in the back that twisted and was uncomfortable. These earbuds
are truly wireless with great sound and noise cancellation. They are sleek and
non-bulky which is key for my workouts. The battery life is shown and charging
is easy. No issues at all!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      By far the most comfortable
ear buds that I have worn. Excellent sound quality with plenty of battery life.
No problem with hearing the other end of the phone call or being heard! Cancels
any background noise so whether listening to music or making a phone call the
sound quality is premium.
    Disclaimer: I'm still super excited about this purchase. Love them so far!
    I received them in a great package and I love using them while walking or
working out.  Speaker quality is great.
    I work in construction. These didn't break the bank, stay-on on my ears very
well, help to reduce the harmful effect of any loud noises from power tools, and
sound pretty darn great as well!
    Got these for my girlfriend, as her previous war buds kept falling out. She
loves them.
    Well it’s hard for me to give a review because I was riding my motorcycle
wearing it and arm I tried to turn the volume up and it fell out of my ear and I
lost it on I don’t know if the volumes loud enough for me I’m hard of hearing I
was impressed by the products the case the charger and how easy it was to enter
Bluetooth into it but that’s my final
    They look great! They fit great! They sound great! I'll update as needed.
    I like to run and do body movement exercises and have had trouble friending
wireless headphones that would not fall out of my ear. These headphones have
been awesome, they dont come out of my ear while I'm running, and the sound
quality is great. I also like that I can tab on the right ear headphone to skip
and song or the left to go back and replay.
    Occiam are far better than expected. It is obvious based on initial
experience the proprietors are going to improve on the tech. In my best opinion
they wanted to make sure sound quality/ connection stability and response to the
various OS platforms were developed. This tech is too good to stop here.
    Garbage, absolutely garbage. And no I won't change my review if you offer me
free stuff. The sound is horrible, they do not charge well they are not
magnetic.Heed my warning people.
    I love the way they fit in my ear they aren't noticeable the sound is
perfect this is something I would purchase again if needed
    These headphones are great out of the box.Setup was instant, simple, and
very straightforward. Didn't even need to look at instructions. Transition from
using one earbud to two seems seamless.Sounds better than my old Mpow Flame 2's,
which was my main concern.I'll update this review later once I get more use in.
    Great quality for the price. My son loves them and they are used all the
time so he van enjoy things on his phone.
    I like having no cords while I'm taking long walks and listen to books on
Audible.
    The earphones arrived today.They paired easily.Sound seemed good, but right
away i noticed the sound of electrical static.Already packed them to be sent
back.
    I really bought these on a whim, but they have been a pleasant surprise. I
use them for phone calls and to listen to other media via my cell phone. Well
worth the price for me!
    The headphones fit comfortably and sound great. Battery power last a long
time.
    These earbuds are surprisingly great! I just wanted a cheap pair for jogging
-- These are everything I wanted -- comfortable, long battery life, and no
slipping. The sound quality was not my priority, but they hold their own.  Mics
are fine for calls.  I'm on an apple -- no connection issues.  Just everything I
needed them to be.
    Because my tragus is pirece it uncomfortable,other than that its great!
    I needed these wireless headphones to walk my dog without having to hold my
phone or be attached to wires. I personally have a hard time keeping other
headphones in my ears, and wanted something with a bit more stability and these
do the trick!I really love the look of the charging case and how compact it is,
and the sound quality is great!
    This review is from wearing the earbuds for just 1 day (10 plus hrs) So far
I'm 100% satisfied. The earbuds are lightweight, doesn't not hurt my ear (at
times forgot it was in my ear) sound quality is very good and great battery
life. I also like how the case tells you the battery life and that's its a hard
case.
    The sound, performace and appearance are very competative in this product!
    They hooCustomer Review Amazon Customer3.0 out of 5 stars They wear well,
lite very comfortable.Reviewed in the United States on January 20, 2021Color:
BlackVerified PurchaseThey hook up nice and easy, sound good but they do not
last 8 hours on a full charge.k up nice and easy, sound good but they do not
last 8 hours on a full charge.
    I just received these headphones. So far so good. Much better quality than I
was expecting.
    Works great, easy to connect, comfortable to wear, great price. Battery life
on the ear pieces is great, however the case only holds enough charge for one
(full) recharge. Had a defective case, reported it and got a replacement within
2 days (UPS picked the old one up from my house, no charge). Been using it in
steamy bathrooms with no issues. Very happy overall.
    The product arrived so quickly!  I am excited to use them!Update: Just wore
them for my virtual half marathon on New Year's day.  No trouble, great sound,
definitely sweat-proof and comfortable!  Nice head phones with good value!
    I needed a new pair of headphones and wanted some wireless ones that I
didn't have to worry about getting in my way during exercise. I haven't gotten
to work out, however, they work perfectly for the few tasks I have done so far.
I am satisfied and do recommend them because they are great so far!
    The quality is so clean and crisp. I’m looking forward to the 30 hours of
play time. I am a truck driver so I always appreciate headphones that are
comfortable with great battery life. 1/3 of the price of Powerbeats and I am
already impressed.
    I bought these because I love the over-the-ear feature. And I hate anything
with connecting wires, so I was excited to try these. It took a few tries to get
both earbuds connected but once I did, I was very happy!  The sound quality is
very good and they stay in place really well!
    Love it. It was just as described.  I love how nicely it was displayed. Very
nice.
    Great blue tooth! Automatically connected to my phone as soon as the ear
buds where placed on my ears. I love the effortless connectivity! I also
absolutely LOVE the sleekness and fit of these ear buds. I'm very pleased with
this purchase.
    These headphones are really comfortable and sound quality is superb!
    Great headphones for working out. They stay on well with good sound.
    I use my earbuds for music these earbuds have a very good sound to them
    The ease in which they paired with my phone was awesome. And I love the
functions they have. My other ear buds didn't do all that.
    I love that I don't have to worry about them falling out while I work over
an engine
    Updated: they do not hold a charge at all and we’re not worth the money
    These surpassed my expectations. They are very nice, are able to be pretty
loud without lowering the quality of the sound, and I love all the commands they
have instilled in them. It does take a while to learn them, but they come with
an easy to understand manual. I would definitely recommend.
    I will be returning these...volume control does not work...very sad
    I bought this headphones for my son, and he is very happy with them. The
sound volume and clarity is very good. My son could not belive that these
headphones had a comparable quality to more expensive sets. Overall, I'm very
happy with this purchase.
    Sound quality is great for the price, but not in the same league as name-
brand.  I love having a battery meter for the case and individually for each
earphone.  Don't put them in the charging case sweaty or wet or the terminals
will corrode. Quality of build is the worst part.  You can hear the plastic
moving when you push buttons while they are in your ears.
    Sound great. I like how they stay in my ears even when I'm active.
    Quite surprised how comfortable these are.  Great sound quality for music.
I haven't tried them on a call yet, but will let you know.
    Very light. When I workout it doesn't fall of my ears. The batteries last
long and charge rather quickly.
    The easiest setup ever opened the box put the earbuds in Earwent to
Bluetooth settings on phone and paired.
    It is a good product with a good price. It is comfortable for my ear and its
sound is clean. With full charge, I am using it for more than a day. One issue I
see is I could not hear my wife's voice over the phone call when she was driving
which is noisy condition. I guess the noise cancellation aldo cancel voice when
environments are very noisy but not sure.
    So far so good. Very comfortable.  Need to read up on how the headphones
functions.  Love the case and not sure how to tell if it is charging or if it
needs to be charged except when it informs me that it needs to charge.  I really
like how they fit on my ears and like that I can use one or two ear pieces.
    These headphones work well, good volume and hold a charge really well. These
heads up display of the battery level of the case helps.
    So far I love these earbuds. Great sound quality and  battery life. Love
that I can use either eat individually.
    Good battery life and great sound for kids zoom meetings and for gym work
out! Really a great buy for the money and quick shipping. I love to do business
with this company again. 🙂
    These are really nice quality. They stay charged and fit nicely.
    These are very sleek and fit perfectly in my ear!The sound is also pretty
good. Happy with this purchase.
    They work really well when I run. I think the price was good too
    I was looking for a pair of earbuds that would be comfortable in my ear to
wear for long periods of time. These fit the bill! I also liked that they fit
comfortable around the ear too, so I don't have to worry about them falling out.
    Great sound! Easy to use features. 10 for 10 would order again.
    I finally have earphones that actually stay in my ears so I am so happy,
thank you!
    I liked the earbuds when I first got them. But after a short time I could
not hear in the left side and then they stopped charging completely and so I
have to return them after having them for just three weeks.
    Headphones are comfortable.Set-up and blue tooth connection is easy.Sound
Quality is good.
    Great sound quality, easy to connect and comfortable to wear. Best part -
the are over-the-ear so they don’t fall out while I am running!
    I was hesitant to order earbuds as I have not had success in the past. These
are comfortable to wear and I like that I can only use one when I walk or use
them at work so I have my other ear unblocked to pay attention around me. The
case is compact and easy to take with me.
    If you are in a noisy environment the sound quality is less than to be
desired.
    Nothing! Great buy! Easy to sync because it literally syncs itself with
minimal help from me. I’m very please with these Occiam Bluetooth Headphones!
    I am hard of hearing and wear glasses. The sound quality is better than any
buds or headphones I have tried. They are secure, comfortable, and easy to wear
with glasses. I can put these on in the morning and wear them all day without
recharging.
    Headphones were great the first few days, but within a week the case
wouldn't charge. I went through the motions of trying a different cord, outlet,
and charging block. No luck.
    Sounds good I was happy when I got them nice to have the charging dock in
your pocket and only use one bud for calls and if it did die you can just switch
buds and charge it up
    Just received my Occiam ear buds and so far, really like them. They are
comfortable, and the sound quality is decent. The volume-wise it is a little
more quiet than earbuds I’ve bought in the past, but that’s not a big deal to
me. All in all, quality is good for the money.
    I got this for my husband for his birthday, he really need new one for his
job but he didn't want to spend a lot like the 🍎 ones . So I surprised him with
this one's . They have good battery life and good sound quality
    These headphones are the real deal. Perfect performance, battery life is
good, and the price cannot be beaten.  I owned a pair that cost twice the price
and they were subpar compared to these. My highest recommendation.
    I like because they will not fall out of your ear and battery last long time
    Occiam bluetooth head phones have long range connectivity. The functions
make it easy to use. I'm happy with the quality!
    These headphones are very nice but the case is a little fragile. My husband
works as a cell phone tower repairman and I bought him a pair for Christmas. He
dropped the case and it broke at the hinge but he just taped it. So the
headphones were great but the cases a little bit fragile his old tws headphones
had a different kind of case.
    Love them perfect sound quality, gorgeous design highly recommend
    These are easy to operate and play time is awesome. Sound is great too.
    Great heaphones, sound great, connect seamlessly, can use one or the other
or both. Really good quality and like the two screens letting you know if the
case is charged and the headphones are as well. Like others have said the case
is great with the screens but the hinge feels soft. So just treat it with care
(like a baby) and it should hold up nicely.
    Volume is low and the volume controls only work for a few minutes after you
rest them, then they won't adjust up or down.  I tried to deal with it for about
a week and it just wasn't worth it.  It paired just fine and the calls were
clear.  Battery life is great and all of the functions worked perfect except for
the volume controls.  I am disappointed.
    The sound quality and comfort are superb. I read many wireless earbud
ratings and these were at the top of many lists. Very pleased with performance!
    Very easy to set up and pair. Very comfortable to wear and great sound.
    The sound quality very good.. It is easy to connect to transitioning from
your vehicle to the head phones. The charging case is cool. These are a really
good buy. I have bought two pairs and they are a great gift.
    Good sound, comfortable, and the Bluetooth range seems to work further than
my other bluetooth earbuds.
    My son was looking for a pair of wireless headphones and decided on these.
They are a decent pair with a good battery life and quality sound.
    Perfect for a run.  Sound quality is excellent!  Nice and light on the ears
as well.  Highly recommend over the more expensive brand!!
    Clear highs and clean bass.  Great headphones for the price.
    Audio is fantastic, material is just what I was expecting , and the pieces
that go around the ear are made of a nice material that doesn't irritate my
ears.
    They are so clear for the price, good sound, fits good also
    Very comfortable to wear, decent sound quality, other people on phone say
they can hear me better with both ear pieces vs just using one. Not sure on the
distance being 33 ft, have not had to walk away from phone that far in my house.
Talk time is about 5-6 hours instead of 8 but I just put back in my case to
charge.
    Excellent earbuds!!!!! Love how long they last before they have to be
charged
    The sound is nice and clear and they’re really comfortable!
    I got for my wife as she can't use without ear support . Very good and stay
fit in ear .
    one one earbud worked when I got it out of the box
    Do not buy these. Such a waste of money. Only one side works, the other one
will not pair at all, I reached out to the company to ask them and never got any
help. The sound cuts out on calls and when turned all the way up you can't hear
still.
    Original review is part of warranty request. The case is nice and the ear
buds seem good quality. Will update review is necessary but so far, we are happy
with the product.
    Just received these today, but so far I'm very impressed. The sound quality
is amazing. I love the digital battery charge display inside the case - very
helpful for someone like me that works outside and likes to have info like that
quickly! These headphones are insanely great for the price. Totally worth every
penny and then some.
    Love them. Better sound quality than my higher priced ones.
    The sound is good and the hook over the ear keeps them more secure. I
especial like that you can see how much charge is left.
    So far so good. They are really good for the price. ($35)
    I've been using for a few days now and they are fantastic! Noise
cancellation is great and the sound quality while on the phone is also great.
I'm also really happy with the battery life of the headphones and the case.
Would definitely buy another pair!
    Very good product, fits well and I would recommend them , great sound
    Absolutely nothing I dislike, my son discovered them so I am buying another
pair.
    I love my headphones! Work great! Easy to use and charge.
    Very comfortable on the ears, love the long battery life.
    Great earbuds the charger pack definitely is a great addition for battery
life just wish it had more Bluetooth range
    Love these headphones.  Easy to charge and wear, powerful.  Can take every
call even in a din of noise.  I'd buy them again.
    Poor sound quality on calls, battery life drains quickly even without use.
    This is a solid product for an affordable price. Very happy with the sound
quality and battery life. I love the digital battery display on the inside of
the case. I use them in the gym everyday and they perform great. Will definitely
recommend to friends and family.
    Stay in place during workouts, sync up easily to phone. Would buy again!
    Amazing wireless earbuds!!Highest quality for the most affordable price out
of all the others here on Amazon.The packaging was the same level of quality as
my Samsung Galaxy Watch!! No regrets, hands down a great affordable set of
earbuds.
    A perfect birthday present for my son, who is super picky. He especially
likes using these to workout.
    Great sound quality when playing music.  Very easy to pair the Bluetooth
with my phone. Sound quality when making calls was good.
    I like the way they stay in place with 3 size options for the earpieces.
They came with medium installed and I struggled to keep them inserted. I
switched to small and they stay put now. I use them with my cell phone and my
laptop. Very handy. Could use a little more bass sometimes but great earbuds
all-in-all.
    Bought these as a gift for someone looking for headphones for their daily
walks. We opened them to test them out, but haven't spent much time with these.
They were packaged nicely. Charged easily and paired flawlessly with our laptop.
We anticipate the recipient loving this gift!
    Head phones easy to set up, sound quality is great, battery life great as
well.
    These earbuds are great, sound is good and fit is very good.  I had problems
with my previous ones falling out when I was working.  My work requires me work
in many different positions and when laying on my side the others would fall out
but not these.  Very pleased with product and seller.  Came on time and was
packaged well to prevent damage.
    I didn't think I would end up liking the earbuds because i normally more of
wired earbuds than wireless because I don't want to the earbuds fall off my ear
and end up losing them making me to prefer wired but these earbuds are not like
the other wireless ones that don't have that attachment that hang on your ear
and i really like these earbuds.
    The headphones has great sound but it randomly disconnects from the phone
while you are talking to people on the phone. Sometimes the two will work
separately from each other. But overall it work well Sometimes.
    Very easy to pair with my phone laptop-tablet whatever
    I ordered the Occiam brand wireless earbuds, and they're literally BETTER
than the PowerBeats I got on Black Friday back in 2018. Packaging was excellent,
design is sleek and easy to wear. The charge lasts forever and the bass is
unreal. I needed a good set for when I work out, and it's exactly what I wanted!
Highly recommend.
    Item sounds good and fits well but the connection cuts in and out everytime,
only for a second or so but it gets really annoying after an hour or so..
    Great earbuds. Good bass and ranges overall. Battery held charge long time
    Good sound quality and easy to connect to bluetooth. Comfortable to wear
during workouts.
    So far I am very happy with my purchase.  Easy to use.
    Falls off ears when running and sound isn't very loud
    First impressions are awesome so far! Great sound quality for a good price!
    Easy set up. Great sound. Easy warranty registration.
    I've had other bluetooth earbuds around the same price and they were not the
best quality but I was paying 20 to 30 bucks so that was understandable, you get
what you pay for. But these ear buds definitely surprised me. I love bass in my
music and these earbuds definitely have a sound quality better than what I paid
for them. Very surprised and satisfied.
    Fits well and comfortably in my ear and doesn’t fall out!
    Very nice set of headphones. Decent sound quality and easy to pair to my
samsung phone. Just started using so haven't depleted battery yet. Very happy
with purchase!!
    Great quality! Amazing sound and definitely worth it!
    Better than expected. I don't have to worry about the ear bud cord getting
in the way when I'm on the treadmill anymore.
    I have small ears and have had trouble for years trying to find a pair of
wireless headphones that will stay put while running. I think I have found them!
These are comfortable, stay put, and have excellent sound. I love them, and love
the price I paid for them!
    The ear buds were exactly as described. My wife likes the sound quality, the
comfort , And the way they looked. We are very happy with the purchase.
    Bought these hoping earloop would be more secure. They are more secure and
very comfortable as I don't even notice them on my ears.  Sound quality is great
with decent bass. High quality phone call where sound was clear mic worked well.
    Sound quality is great.  They stay on my ears during workout.
    I was having an issue with the headphones and their customer service
resolved the issue immediately and successfully as well
    These earbuds fit well and have clear sound. They were easy to pair and
connect.  I was able to use them right out of the box. Instructions are
straightforward, though set up for me was intuitive.
    Excellent sound quality, noise cancellation and battery life...
    So far so good. Sound quality is great and haven't had any problems.
    I was impressed with these headphones. Love the chargeable case! Great while
I’m working out or just chilling. These are a great value and quality!
    Sound is great. The multi function button occasionally doesn't work. Thats
my only real complaint.
    Great product, great value. Paired quickly, charge holds. Comfortable on my
ears
    Great Product, highly recommended, battery life is great, excelent package,
great quality
    The sound quality is wonderful with music and phone calls. Battery life is
also wonderful. I like how the earbuds wrap around the ear. It’s comfortable and
stays in place. I highly recommend these ear buds!
    These headsets have been amazing. The sound quality is great and they fit
perfectly for me when exercising.
    Light-weight bluetooth headphones with long-lasting battery life and
convenient charging case.  Good sound quality and noise cancellation.  Love that
these are totally wireless, unlike my older Powerbeats3.  Responsive customer
service.  Definitely recommend!
    I was having trouble with ear buds staying in my ears while running, but
these worked great!
    Pretty straightforward earbuds. They work with my phone and computer. Very
easy to connect. My friend heard me decently while playing games. Definitely a
good deal.
    These headphones are sleek and very nice design. They were easy to pair to
my phone and worked instantly. The sound was clear when talking on the phone,
but it’s not as loud as I would like it to be. Listening to music is clear and
great sound.
    My overall experience with this product is great. I’m not disappointed in
any way and for the price I think they are a total win. Easy to use, comfortable
and more important secure while staying in your ear while you’re doing any kind
of activity. I’m happy to have them and to use them and really impressed with
the product and the store.
    Great battery life and distance on these headphones!! Would recommend!!
    I have used these headphones nearly every day since receiving them and they
are great! No problems so far
    Excellent product.  Sound is excellent and it connects fast when blue tooth
is on.  Also it reaches a long distance.
    Love these headphones! They are affordable but still good quality through
the headphone speakers, and very easy to use in terms of charging, listening to
music, phone calls, etc.
    The sound quality is great, battery life lasts long and the best part is
they stay in place. The only thing that annoyed me was they kept asking for
proof of a product review in order to get the lifetime warranty so if it’s a
present you received how the hell would that work? Do you ask the person who
gifted them for their account info?
    Fits very well.  The sound is amazing.  The price can't be beaten.
    Husband loves these headphones! Sound is great and they are easy to use!
Would, certainly buy again!
    Earbuds worked fine until I had a connection problem.  Customer service was
excellent in replacing them, in a timely matter!
    Sound is good, but charging seems to be an issue.
    Fitting over the ear these ear buds will stay in place when exercising, even
when it’s hot and I sweat .
    The audio of these headphones constantly cuts out, the individual earbuds
seem to de-sync often, and the sound (volume control) isn't great. I don't
recommend for working out because earbuds constantly fall out (even if you
switch out the rubber inserts), the charging station makes for an okay paper
weight. Do not buy!
    The first unit I received had a very short battery life and the LED display
for one of the earbuds was not working.  I contacted Occiam customer service.
They responded promptly and within a week I received a new unit.  Excellent
customer service, great sound quality.  Worth the price.
    Love the over the ear headphones!! Great price..
    The battery life on the case is non existing. Amd the head phones is 4 hours
at the most. Sound is pretty decent but my issue is the the battery life
    I bought this pair to wear while exercising and it has been working great so
far. The sound quality is good and they block out background noises really well.
They also fit very comfortably. I haven’t had any problems with them becoming
loose or falling off. I would definitely buy again.
    Sounds is good price is good.  Get about 6hrs of use at 80% volume. No
complaints yet.
    I love these so much I got one for my mom and brother.  They are soft and
don’t hurt your ear. My mom likes to listen to books and watch her kdramas. My
brother is a gamer and talks on the phone all day long. In both cases the Occiam
Bluetooth Headphones are comfortable.
    I got this for my mom as a gift and she loves it. I like how there’s a
battery indicator and the sound quality is good too. They are also very
comfortable and snug over the ears. I bought these because of the good reviews
and affordability, I’m glad I did.
    Quality sound with comfort over a decent time, small on the ear and wont
slip off. thus far i enjoy this for its rather modest price tag. After using for
about a month it is really nice to use quick an easy, aside from the magnets not
being strong enough to keep close when it[Case] falls off a table or similar.
But overall I highly recommend these
    Fantastic sound. Noise cancelation is amazing. Great build quality. Case
fits comfortably in my pocket.
    Great volume and sound quality so far - i've only had this pair for one day
so i can't say how well they will last
    They fit well and the sound quality is very good.  I am not completely sure
about the battery life as I haven’t used them long enough to run down the
battery. They are comfortable and seem to cancel noise pretty well as they are
not really noise cancelling.  I mainly use them when I ride my motorcycle
    So far, so good. Much better than my skullcandy.
    Decent product but constantly have to clean connections right one only lasts
about 40  while the left one we'll go 2 hours. Kept them in my pocket while
working out and they don't charge properly . They are comfortable don't irritate
my ears
    At first I was just trying an ear bud with a different style but I am
pleasantly surprised. It has exceeded my expectations. It is comfortable on the
ear, has great loudness and good battery life. You will have no issues with
these. Good buy
    I have not used the headphones except to try them out. They seem really
good. There customer service is amazing! They got back to me so quickly so I
would give them a five star simply for there customer service.
    These Bluetooth earphones are just what I wanted.  Great sound of my
music...phone call clarity...so comfortable to wear....great for my power
walking
    Headphones seem to be of great quality! Customer service is great and
helpful!
    Cool little Bluetooth ear buds. Seem great so far.
    Just got these earphones and so far they are working great. I use them with
my phone. Pairing was easy, and the battery life so far is good.Will update this
in a month or two if anything changes.
    Awesome sound quality, great value, quick delivery, and good battery life so
far.  Noise cancelling is good, can still hear a little but still great for
running and outside or my office.  Has a great grip and doesn't slip out  during
running or anything.
    Got it for a present and my son loves it.And the price is good.
    They sound great and I won 1st prize on the scratch off! I love they are
waterproof so I can listen to my podcast in the shower lol.
    Charge as well inside the case. Sound quality is good
    Great set at a great price, had a small issue with the volume at first. I
chatted with costumer service and was helped out with the issue, they work
perfectly and you can’t beat the price.
    Reading the rest of these reviews, maybe i got a dud but these were
unreliable and unusable.  Constantly unpairing and pairing then turning off and
on at random while in use.  Often had to stop and remove them as the left earbud
repeating, powering on over and over and over and over and over again.
    I don't usually go for Bluetooth earbuds with a hook because they're often
uncomfortable for me but I wore these for a few hours and my ears felt fine. The
sound cancellation also works very well and sound quality comes out pretty clear
too. It connects to my pc and phone both without any problems.
    The over the ear hook works well on these and prevents them from falling
off. The travel case is cool because it shows you how much battery is left.
    Headphones paired immediately to Ipad and has good range
    Great product, easy to connect, fits really well to the ears, very
comfortable, good sound & good battery life.
    Very Happy with the wireless earbuds easy setup and connection, also like
the charging setup. Price is great :)
    These earbuds have the best sound I've heard out of all the ones I've used
and had. I always have an issue with earbuds actually staying in my ears but
these ones stay in so amazingly and are so comfortable. I'm really truly
grateful to have found these
    Not impressed. Sound buttons wouldn't adjust the sound. The bass is mediocre
at best. Does not connect to fitbit Ionic. If you don't want to spend a lot of
money go for it. If you want a quality product fork out the extra thirty dollars
so you don't waste your time. I now have an extra errand to run and garbage
headphones. Thanks.
    The fit my ears perfectly  and battery life
    I have tried these headphones for over a week to teach some zoom yoga
classes for my business and they are not working out at all. Students tell me
much of the time they can’t hear me and if they do hear me sometimes its static,
no clear. I am very disappointed and will be returning this product.
    great product. fits my ears perfect and sounds great!
    I purchased the Occiam Bluetooth Headphones because I wanted something I
could place over my ears during workouts. Other earbuds simply fell out anytime
I did anything. These headphones fit nicely over the ear and stay on when I run
or lift. I have no issues with sound quality and they do what I want them to do.
    These are exactly what I needed. They stay put. Have 3 different size for
ears. Great little case.
    It's not a BOSE but for the price, it sounds good, is comfortable, and worth
the money. Just had it a few days, so don't know yet about battery life.  The
over ear piece is a big plus for active people -  it's very secure.
    great sound quality , without the big price tag.
    These headphones are amazing! I’ve bought othe headphones for twice this
price and these are 10x better. I’ve used for about a week straight now and the
sound is great and the noise canceling is great. They fit comfortably in my ears
and no issues at all when I run and I sweat a lot. Will definitely buy a couple
more for family.
    This is a great product with a reasonable price. They are pretty comfortable
to wear with rubber bands. I also like the quality of the sound. The range of
the Bluetooth connection works farther than I expected. Overall, I am satisfied
with the most of its function!
    Used it for jogging twice so far, the bass is definitely an improvement from
my older Anker bluetooth headset. I was also worried that the earphones would
bounce around and come out since I've had that with some previous headphones,
but so far so good! They stay in snug and fit.
    I bought these for my son, who decided he needed bigger ones for gaming.  I
decided to keep and use.  Nice quality and I like that they go over the ear,
rather than falling out like my old earbud that just go in the ear.  Would
definitely buy again!
    I have purchase other ear buds before and THESE ARE BY FAR THE BEST... the
sound is excellent... used them while on the phone today and my friend said that
it sounded like I was talking to her face to face... excellent quality...
EXTREMELY SATISFIED
    I just got these!  They are awesome!  I like that I was able to pair them
easily with my devices (instead of asking my daughter).  There is also online
support for help!  The sound is very clear.  I also find them comfortable to
wear!
    The first pair I received were faulty. So I reported it and received a new
and properly working pair within 2 days! The quality is everything they say!
Very clear!
    Love, Love, Love these wireless Bluetooth earbuds. The sound is amazing and
very easy to set up.
    Wireless head set fits snug and secure!!!Love it, I highly recommend it and
the seller!!!
    My hubby got these as an early Christmas present. So far he likes them,
sound quality is good. He’s happy so I’m happy!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Everything is good
    Shipped quickly and arrived as advertised
    This product is really amazing is just as described and I can listen to my
favourite songs for hours in here people clearly on it when I am talking on the
phone.
    Great price, excellent performance. Great buy
    Excellent product.  Great sound quality.  The headphones work better than
talking directly into my phone!
    Love earloops to keep buds from falling out during walking, running, etc.
    Battery does not charge evenly on both sides One side is full and the other
is barely charged
    Great product for price!  Great case.  Light for using with 4 wheeler with
helmet. Just what I need
    Love these headphones. Charge fast and sounds great.
    Great quality, easy to setup and use.
    The charging port broke on my last wireless buds because of excessive
insertion/removal of the usb. This system with the charging contacts on the buds
and the charging pins inside the charging case won’t wear out like it did on my
old pods. Otherwise good battery life, sound volume/bass, and the automatic
pairing is great!
    Awesome headphones. I like ones that wrap around the ear so these are
perfect. Super loud and clear. Battery life lasts a long time.
    Returned because the device consumed the battery when in the case and not in
use so I had to charge all the time. What is the point?
    The sound quality is great and I love the battery charger.  It makes it easy
to store and charge the headphones at one time.
    Gave these as a gift, also for nicely.
    I haven’t found anything to dislike.
    Delivered quickly and fits in ears perfectly.
    This is not a noise cancelling earbuds so don’t expect it. Good price for
what it does.
    Product is working great so far! Only had it a day though!
    Excellent customer service. Emails are answered well within the established
timeframe and Occiam Customer Service asks pointed questions to ensure they are
solving your specific problem. I was offered various options and I got to choose
how I wanted my problem solved!  That was awesome!!!
    I’ve only used these for a day, and the sound quality is already noticeably
better than other Bluetooth earbuds I’ve used.  They’re comfortable, easy to
sync, and don’t fall out of my ear when I’m out for a jog.  Even surround sound
with left/right and front/back targeting was realistic.  Very impressed!
    Pretty rockin and sporty worth the green stuff
    Got for wife for Christmas she loves them
    I love how comfortable and easy to connect they are. Would highly recommend
these ear buds.
    So far works well. Like the volume.
    I just got this but setup was easy and the sound quality is good. They are
also comfortable in my ear. We'll see how they hold up.
    easy to understand the instrustions
    Works great so far.  We will see how they hold up. Fit great.
    Sounds are amazing. Stereo is fantastic. The person on the other line here
me with no problem. The distance between my phone and the ear buds is incredibly
good. I already recommend to my family and friends. Thanks
    Batteries last about 2 hours of constant use
    These earbuds are great and perfect when using them at the gym or during
other forms of physical activities. They won’t fall out easily! The battery life
is good and easy to read as it appears on the case in digital form. There are no
defects with the sound quality and the noise cancellation is a plus.
    These headphones are great, easy to set up, comfortable, and have good audio
quality.
    Good so far,  the work great at the gym
    The setup was quick and easy. These wireless earbuds are great, the sound is
amazing and very clear! I love these
    they are easy to use and set up.
    These seem to be well built and sound pretty good. Used for 2 workouts
already and still 95 percent charge on the case.
    Buds were as described of good quality, they fit well in my ear. easy to
pair. The sound is great for this price point.
    Good Sound Quality and good battery life. connection is fast and reliable.
    Bought these for my daughter's school work. The battery life is "ok", but
I'm hoping this is just because they weren't fully charged. Other than that, she
feels good wearing them, and they actually fit her ears.
    Theae headphones are 🔥. I have a subwoofer in my car and love to hear the
bass and tune out the world sometimes with some great tunes. These headphones
were worth every penny. Buy them!
    Perfect fit and sound is great.
    I really like these headphone - few highlights1. They fit perfectly on the
ears and helps me run without thinking if the headphones will fall off2. the
music quality and bass is really awesome3. digitally it shows the battery charge
percentage and that helps know exactly how much juice is available
    Was skeptical, but when I heard the quality of my music on them, I was
impressed.  Nice full sound, not tinny or weak...and I only had the volume up
halfway.  Then I made a call and the quality was so good that the friend I
called didn't even realize I was on earbuds!
    Very comfortable. Good bass fore wireless
    These headphones are awesome. I used them for hours and never lost a charge.
I was also able to walk around the entire house without loosing connection. For
the price you can’t beat them. Would buy them again. Easy setup too
    The product is excellent and the price was great.
    One of the best choice I made . Love this headset
    Very well made and easy to use.
    Comfy tight fit.  Decent sound.
    Great pair of Bluetooth headphones for a great price ..I have a Note10+ and
they pair up with it perfectly,they are comfortable which is a plus  having
multiple things around my ears (mask,glasses & headphones)
    I really like this product cause of the good sound quality and doesn't fall
off your ear when you put it on and has good battery life plus noise cancelling
is great whenever I'm listening to music.
    I like these ear buds they fit well over my little ears and that is one of
the best things about them. The sound quality is really good I block out
everything and everybody.
    Super easy to pair up with any of your devices.
    Bought these for my daughter for Christmas and she loves them! I tried them
out myself to listen to a podcast and they were comfortable and the sound
quality was very good!
    Just as described - great buy
    Great low cost over ear buds. Excellent sound and quality.
    Got these for my moms and they loved them. They paired easily
    These wireless earbuds were great, 5/5, until the right earbud stopped
working barely a month after getting them, with only light use. Sound will pop
in and out occasionally, but mostly that earbud just doesn't play sound. I can't
use them anymore because of this, both need to work obviously! I will be
returning.
    These were a gift for my husband. So far, he has no complaints. He says that
they are light weight and sounds great.
    Easy to use and the only ear phone that don’t fall out.
    These headphones are super nice. I have had a hard time finding some I like
since when I buy cheaper they dont work out long. They're comfortable and look
really nice too.
    Headphones I got are great so far. Charge lasts, no issues pairing with my
phone when I want to use them, stay in my ears perfectly. Only small thing is
there is a small "whine" that comes from the box when it's plugged in with the
headphones inside
    Incredible value. I'm impressed with the sound quality and battery life. I
love that I only have to use one earbud. For the price, they can't be beat!
    The product looks good, and it is well built, nice display for battery life,
and earbuds display too.Comfortable to wear, and the sound is good for the
price.It connected to my phone very easily.
    The batteries lasts about 8 hours that's all
    Very happy with this product. I use them when I work out, and they are
perfect. Outside noise is cancelled, sound is clear, and they stay in place even
when I run. Excellent product!
    Pretty good, but it doesn't block out noise completely. Stays put in my ear
and not uncomfortable.
    So far so good, great sound!
    Great headphones for price.
    They paired to my galaxy s10 right away. Sound quality is excellant. Battery
lasts a long time. The ear buds are comfortable. They stay put in your ear with
the earpiece.
    Update 1-4-2021: Solid buds until the L earbud failed - won't hold charge
and won't power up.  Had for about 2 months. Not worth the time to call support
when I can return and try a different brand.Love these! Compact, comfortable,
and stay in place, solid sound quality and overall a great buy for the price.
    I like tem a lot!Also when I Scraped the card that came with the headphones,
I won a second pair. I am so happy!!
    Good pair of headphones with variety of fittings and nice chargeing case
size.
    Sound quality is great and I have not noticed anything poor regarding
battery life (though these are still new to me). The Headphones fit well in my
ears and stay put during exercise. Good purchase!
    I must start off by saying wow! These earphones are amazing. I received my
order 3 days ago and haven't been able to take them off since. Everything about
them from appearance to sound quality is great! If you are looking for a quality
product for a great price, look no further.
    I absolutely love these! Easy to use, easy to charge and the battery lasts
all day. Definitely recommend buying them if you're on the fence!
    Not as good as my old one but works fine. I like a little longer battery
life.
    sound quality is excellent
    Love these. Easy to use, last long!
    The headphones came with a nice carrying case and additional sized ear bud
gaskets. They look very clean, sound great, and the battery hasn’t died on me
yet.
    Excellent overall quality
    So far I love the headphones and they have great bass and that's what I was
looking for. thank you
    Very,  Very Professional headphones! Great sound and bass quality! Thank
you,  Occiam!
    It was a gift for my son, he said he really likes them
    So far I’m impressed! I really like them!!
    I like the over the ear loop that keeps the earbud in place, even when
putting on and taking off a mask.
    Worked good for the money for the first week. Then left earbud quit working
and charging. Amazon is sending replacement
    Great noise cancellation, great sound quality, and extremely long battery
life
    They are extremely comfortable and the sound quality is great.
    They are easy to setup. The sounds is great
    need to return. right side headphone is dead and wont charge at all.
    These headphones were exactly what I needed on the golf course.  The noise
cancellation is great and I can listen to music and focus on my shot.  They're
very secure and comfortable, can barely tell they are there and not afraid they
will fall out.  The customer service for this product was also fantastic.
    I am enjoying these ear phones they are just what I needed
    These things are awesome. Long play time long stand by time. I've yet to
have them die on me . Solid quality and a great fit in my ear.
    Sounds great - fits over my ear very comfortably - 3 bud sizes so it is easy
to fit your ear - charge lasts a long time at the moment - lets hope it lasts
    A great headphone set with excellent sound and clarity whether you’re
walking around or just relaxing.
    Love everything about these ear buds.. Except battery life.  only get about
3 + hours before having to charge
    User friendly. Like the fit and sound.
    Very easy to activate, lightweight, compact very comfortable in my ear.
Great Sound
    Sound great. Fit great.
    Looks and sound great, very comfortable to wear.
    Definitely a must have item for those that workout or just like to listen to
must while cleaning, doing yard work or just chillen! I absolutely love these!
The charging case is awesome too!
    Great set of earphones and the case is perfect. Haven't had any problems
with it so far.
    Love how they come with a lifetime warranty once you sign-up!!!
    When you put these headphones on it’s like you’re floating on a cloud to the
dumpster. The quality makes you feel like you just finished an our of dollar
store shopping. If you’re looking for an expensive piece of crap these are the
headphones for you.
    Works great much better then some more expensive ones I have got in the past
    They came 81% charged! Excited to use them. I’ll update after some use.
    I’m always skeptical when buying cheaper headphones. I’ve always had the
theory that you get what you pay for when it comes to technology and especially
headphones. But I was amazed how good the quality is. Would definitely buy these
again.
    The headphones had a very good quality sound. I also like the charging
feature showing the percentage status of the charge.
    Good ear buds. Great sound quality. Also, easy connection to my phone.
    Good fit and funtion along with sound quality.
    These bluetooth headphones are the perfect complement to smart phones and
iPads alike.  They are reasonably priced and delivered in record time.  Glad I
found these and highly recommend this product to everyone!
    Its comfortable and clear, definitely worth it. Battery life seems as
advertised
    The battery life is amazing. Honestly the best value I've found. They
connect automatically and soon as you take them out of the charging case and I
never have to worry about them running out of battery or not being charged.
    I like the product. It fits very well. My issues are: it's difficult to open
the case, 2. It runs down fast. 3 the canes comes apart with the slightest
pressure.
    I love these earbuds there exactly what I wanted for my bike riding routine
I ride 7 miles at lunch when I’m at work and they are perfect for the sound and
price
    Excellent quality. The sound is great and they cancle outside noise very
nicely.  They were easy to pair to my phone (Pixel 3aXl). Charge fairly quickly
and hold a decent charge as well. Great product for the a decent price.
    I have used these twice and the sound is already skipping while simply
listening to music. I followed the instructions to fix this issue to no
resolve...The fact that they include sound fading in their manual...that leads
me to believe that this is a frequent issue smh
    Got just what I ordered. Still trying to figure them out. Says they’re
connected to my phone but music still comes from phone and not earbuds. Could be
user error. Still working on it.
    I love this product feels comfortable in your ears. Music quality seems very
good as well. Battery life holds up all day.
    Quick shipping.  My wife has a pair and loves them so I decided to buy a
pair for exercise.
    i charged them overnight and the box is cool.  it shows both ears charged at
100% but when i follow directions take both out of box turn them on and they
pair...  great but only one works.  the right ear sounds great but the left will
not come on, pair or do anything.
    Upon opening the box, I won a 1st place free second set of headphones! (from
a few choices). Love my experience so far. The blue tooth ear buds look awesome
as well. Will give an update later upon further use.
    As described with dynamic sound and long battery life...
    So far I’m loving these earbuds!  The sound is great and I like how they
stay in my ear when active.  It’s great to be able to just use one or both!!
    Everything is great
    It fits in my ear perfectly and sound I'd very clear
    This product arrived on time. It is much more, and better, than I expected.
It is so easy to use. The earbuds turn on and off automatically. I love the
charging case with the digital readouts. I love that they are truly wireless. I
am so lad I purchased this product!
    They stay in they sound great no complaints
    Great headphones! Lightweight, stays in place, charges quickly and lasted
all day. Very happy with my purchase.
    Not what I expected
    sound quality is great. very light weight. Easy to use and having the case
as a charger come handy too.
    Snug fit appropriate for tunes during jarring workouts- not concerned about
losing buds. Able to take calls on the fly - - caller unable to perceive any
drop in sound quality! Hold charge well and slick carry/charge case that
indicates charge on buds. Very pleased!!
    Great sound and battery life!
    Easy to pair,  sound is good,
    Like the wrap around for the ear so they don't fall out.  Sound quality is
good and the charging case works really well.  Great price.  Much less than I
paid for a previous pair and these are just as good, if not better.
    These earphones are great! They are definitely top of the line for the
price. I've had no issues with battery life and there's even different sized
earbuds to find what works best.Great product!
    I use them at work ALL day. I rotate the ear pieces to make them last that
long (I am a FedEx driver), but they charge fast in the case.
    The headphones have a very comfortable and secure fit, stay in when
exercising. They also have great sound quality, and a good balance between sound
cancellation and ambient noise. The battery life is very long, a lot longer than
some of the other popular headphones on the market. Great purchase!
    The ear bud is good.
    Left side never worked. Went through Amazon to trouble shoot and they
couldn't get it working. The one that did work did not control the volume
consistently. Sometime it worked, mostly it didn't. Returning and will get
something else.
    I have been looking for headphones that fit comfortably over my small ears.
These do the job and use them mainly for running on the treadmill.
    So far so good
    These wireless earbuds sound awesome.  I highly recommend this company to
anyone looking for a great pair of wireless earbuds.
    Watching TV silently.
    Easy to use and good quality.  Better range than other wireless ear buds I
have tried.  I was playing basketball and running stairs in the gym and they
stayed connected with no trouble from one side of the gym to the other, which
was over 100 feet.
    So far so good
    Only tried them for a day or 2 so only time will really tell, but it came
quick, clean packaging, a hard case for carrying them in a bag or pocket vs the
soft one i usually get(that's a good thing protects them better)And they work as
intended. Thanks alot!
    Very comfortable, and good sound quality! Would definitely recommend!
    I like the fit and the sound.  Got my sister a set for her small ear canals
these stay in so she can enjoy her music
    Got these yesterday. Very easy to set-up and sound quality is far better
then the ones that came with my S20. Like them so much after a days use I
ordered a set for my wife. For forty dollars you can't really go wrong.
    Attractive, easy to setup and great sound.
    Sound is excellent and noise cancellation actually works
    I am very impressed with the quality of the headphones, being that they are
at such a bargain price. They are comfortable and don't budge when I workout
with them, too.
    Great If you are in search for some budget friendly wireless bluetooth
headphones, give occiam T17 a try.I appreciate the solid of the outer shell
case, that stores and keeps the twins earbuds charged up.
    The sound is great and the wrap around ear piece is nice and soft. Had other
ear pieces and they would work their way out when talking or eating. Constantly
having to push back into ear and often accidentally hanging up. I don't think
these are going anywhere. :)
    Super easy set up. I like the design and the production. Good battery life &
sound. The fit and are comfortable in and around the ear.
    Fits 13 yr old daughter, doesn't fall off when she dances. Better than
expected battery life.  Works well for calls.  BT range ok but not great.
    Easy to pair
    Works perfectly right out of the box! Excellent sound quality and very
comfortable to wear. Easy to use and when I used it for conference calls, people
said it worked fine and no complaints.
    Ordered these for my SO, he’s a runner and has killed multiple other brands
bluetooth earbuds via sweat. He absolutely loved these, said they’re the best
sounding and feeling ones he’s had, they cancel noise better than actual “noise-
cancelling” ones & theres no slippage from sweat or movement
    Occiam Bluetooth Headphones Earbuds work well and produce an excellent sound
quality due to the comfortable fit without falling off for my sport and regular
activity. I love it!
    So far everything has been fine with them. They were supposed to be a
Christmas present to myself but couldn't wait to use them. Bought 2 others model
headphones and wish I would have purchased just these. Charging case is so much
nicer than the other ear buds.
    These were a Christmas gift to my grandson. He said they were very
comfortable.He has not used them enuf to know about the batteries.I can't get a
photo of him.He received the ones that go around the ears.
    Works great
    The sound quality is on par with earbuds that cost 4x as much, and in the
end the quality is superior since their design keeps them from shifting and
leading to breaks/changes in the audio.
    Great with my tablet or phone. Not sure about battery life yet as they are
new but the initial charging was quick.
    They are very comfortable and easy to use headphones. Provides great sound
and fits firmly in your ear so you have no restrictions when moving around or
exercising!
    Very easy to use and comfortable to to use.
    Sound quality is good. Noise cancelling is good also. Have to wait for batt
life check but do like that it tells you how much batt you have left. Batt life
is good!!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This is the best Bluetooth
headphone . The sound clear.Thank you
    I have been looking for a decent pair of bluetooth headphones that were not
ear plugs, but wrapped around my ears. These fit the budget and give me great
sound volume and drowns out the noise of my work environment.
    I needed wireless earbuds for when I do my daily runs, and I’ve always had
the issue of the headphones falling out while I am exercising. I am so glad I
found this product, because they fit perfectly in my ears. The sound quality and
battery life is great too!
    Love these earpieces so comfortable and I can do so much without worrying
about them falling out.
    This product looks sleek and fits my ear perfectly, a great product to wear
while working, running errands, or just lounging around the house! The charging
case is awesome too! I totally recommend it! Disclaimer: the warranty requires a
review.
    These have been by far my favorite headphones. Great sound. Noise cancelling
is better than others. They stay on your ears and are comfortable. And the fact
you can use both or just one of the earbuds.
    Very good sound quality.
    Love these
    For the price they sound decent.
    Easy to pair and play. Great volume and sound. Really like the battery
displays to take the guesswork out of know what the charge levels are.
    I purchased these because AirPods don't fit my ears well (they always fall
out). These headphones were a good investment and work well. They're not noise
cancelling, but retain their charge and I've never had difficulty pairing them
with my MacBook or iPhone.
    Good quality
    It’s pretty good for the price and sound quality is decent too
    Good sound.
    Purchased for workouts but use for all purposes. Excellent sound,
comfortable, well designed. Very pleased with purchase.
    No issues
    They are comfortable and have good sound.
    Finally, Bluetooth Headphones that I can ear clear and loud!
    Easy to charge, I like the 3 sizes of ear buds that came with it so I could
find one that fit my ears. No issues pairing to a device, however it doesn't
seem to pair to multiple devices at once. This means I have to manually
disconnect one device to pair a different device.
    "These ear buds are fantastic!  So many different features that I was not
even aware of!  Really like the fact fact that you can use one speaker at a time
as a wireless blue tooth for my iPhone.  I also love the charging case.  Great
Product!"
    If you sweat while wearing these they seem to react as if theyve been put
in the case, so the contact pins face the skin and if you sweat much they won't
work
    Very good product, I liked how long the battery lasts and they are very
comfortable
    Inconsistent quality, does not stay charged as advertised. Customer service
promised to send another pair for free but ONLY if I gave them  a high rating
etc. Would never buy again from this seller
    What I like most is the fit, they fit really well when working out... The
quality of sound is excellent... All things considered for this price point,
it's an incredible set of earbuds.... I've had the really expensive $200 price
earbuds and not even close to the quality.... They're Great!!!
    I searched every Bluetooth ear buds on Amazon, and I think I made a great
choice.
    Too cold to try them outside running/walking but comfortable so far.  Fits
my ears comfortably even with my glasses on.
    It was my impression that the sound quality would be similar to at least
cheap headphones, but there very little bass even though they are very clear for
talking.  An ok product, works without fuss.
    For the headphones to be so small, the sound is very impactful! I enjoyed
listening to music and when I’m sweating, it doesn’t slide off of my ear, which
I’ve had problems like that with other headphones I’ve used in the past.
    Some of the best headphones I've ever used! The sound quality is great. They
fit my ears and stay in well, and so far they have been very sweat and heat
resistant. I would definitely purchase these again. I don't think you'll find
any better for the price.
    Very good quality. Great sound.
    Great headphones! I’ve tried different earbud style but after a bit they
fall out when you move or workout. These stay pretty tight to the ear, best ones
I’ve found so far.
    Came with a 90% charge. Easily paired. So far loving the sound and comfort
in my ear. I have a hard time with most ear buds but these fit well and are
comfortable.
    Love the sound quality,it blocks other noises and great battery life
    Great sound. Great fit.
    These earphones are comfortable and the sound quality is terrific.  I’ve had
trouble with other earbuds falling out, these are nice and secure.  An
affordable price for a good product.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      The sound quality is
excellent and it is most comfortable
    I love that these have clips to stay in my ears. Battery life is great. And
you can’t beat the price.
    Right out of the box they had a charge, they fit awesome and were ready to
use. The sound quality is great, very impressed.
    Very impressed so far. Battery life is great!
    It was an awesome gift. My friend reminds me how happy they are with the
gift every time I see them.  Great sound quality and very comfortable. 👍👍
    Having bought a pair of beats pro int he past i would say these function
just about the same for a quarter of the price. Sound quality is decent,
functions decent, battery decent. Compared to beats pro they are the baby
brother of these I would recommend.
    Nice sound for the price. Includes three different size foam earbud covers
to customize your fit to your ear.
    I hear echo every now and then when conversating. Perfect for my ears and
very comfortable...
    La calidad del producto es excelente!!
    Customer service and product are great
    These earbugs have everything you can ask for.  Sturdy, great sound, and
clear.
    The noise cancelation on these headphones are amazing. Normally I get
distracted by the noise in the house, but lately I've been able to play my music
at a decent sound (not even too loud) and I dont hear anything. The sound
quality is great to go along with it and the battery life could be better
    Great product and great sound.  Would buy again.
    This product has excellent connectivity with my PC and my Android phone over
bluetooth, the battery has been very solid, usb c is very convenient when it
comes to charging time for the case, and the led indications for the case and
earbud's respective battery lives are helpful as well.
    They sound great with plenty of base which I was looking for.
    Really loudGR8 bass soundSo light to wear I fall a sleep in them🤗
    Great earbuds at a great price.
    Use them to listen to meditation music when I can’t sleep. Other brands
batteries don’t last long and alert you that the battery is dying which wakes
you up. Defeating the whole point of using them. Theses last a long time.
    These are excellent ear buds. I have trouble with buds falling out of my ear
or feeling loose. These Occiam wireless Bluetooth buds hold snug regardless of
my motion. Sound quality if very good and so far battery life is as advertised.
A great purchase.
    Lightweight, sleek case.
    ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
    Great quality, great for in the gym.
    Wow, amazing sound!  Quality, light and fit perfectly.  Easy to wear all
day.  Controls are simple and I like that they can be controlled independently.
Great purchase and price!!!
    I can only use hooked earbuds. These are the best ones I have had so far.
This is my fourth pair.  So far my best pair. The first box was opened so I
could not give a proper review.
    These are exactly what I was looking for! The sound is great and they are
very comfortable to use.
    These earbuds are comfortable, stay in my ears, and have great Bluetooth
connection. Very happy with them!
    I purchased these about 3 weeks ago and I'm very satisfied. The earbuds
easily pair with any of my electronics. They stay on my ears with no problems. I
have a small ear canal so I changed to the smallest earplug cover the company
provided and they work well.
    Headline says it all!
    I bought these to replace a different set I had that just fit into the ear,
these are more comfortable than I thought they'd be.The sound quality is really
nice.
    Bought as a gift for my wife, and she tells me the sound quality is great.
She is looking forward to enjoying this gift on it runs and wormouts.
    I especially like how the charger tells you what percentage of the battery
is left.  The auto-pair is very nice also.  It has a good carrying case/charger.
    First the packaging was of professional quality.  Then out the box they were
charged at 85%, very crisp, sleek look. The fit is anything but ordinary. It's a
natural weightless feel and they don't shift or move from normal head
movements.5 ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ RECOMMENDATION
    Great sound, easy buttons and controls, fits ears well. Successfully paired
with my phone and laptop. I've ordered and returned a few pair. Definitely like
the clickable buttons vs touch pad. These are best all around for the price.
Can't beat the no-wire bluetooth.
    Good product and tried to find a headset for my laptop for online conference
meeting and this one works perfectly. Easy to connect through Bluetooth  and
wireless works well for both phone and computer. Highly recommend!
    So far very pleasantly surprised. Great sound and customer service  has even
reached out to thank me for my order.  Packaging was great and they fit amazing
    Has them on his school laptop and his phone. Works great.
    So far so good but just tested
    The headphones have been great so far
    I love that you can see the battery level for the earbuds AND the case. The
sound is crisp and clear. Pairing to a device is also very easy. I haven't
charged my case since I received my earbuds about 1 week ago and it still has
60% charge left.
    The sound quality is great. I’m not sure about noise cancellation because I
only use one earbud at the time. But the best thing of all they do stay in place
while walking and exercising. This is what I was looking for and the warranty is
great too!!
    Buen sonido,  como de usar y facil de recargarLo utilizo para conducir y
hacer ejercicios
    Love the fit. I have trouble keeping earbuds in my ear, so these were a
great choice and easily stay in my ears.
    I use these to run/workout.  They stay in my ears the whole time, are very
comfortable, secure and easy to use! The charging case is really neat too!
Recommend this!
    I love this product!!! Best Bluetooth product I purchase!! Sounds great and
last for a very long time!!
    Better than I expected.  Great with calls too. Sound quality is pretty good
and doesn't fall off during exercise.
    I ordered two similar pairs of Bluetooth headphones. These ones are by far
the best. They stay in your ear really well. They also have great sound quality.
They feel sturdy and not crappy. They feel really well made. Love love love!!
    These earbuds are a good value for the price.  The case has features that
more expensive sets don't.  Customer service is also quick to respond to
inquiries (I had a question about warranty registration).
    Great product. Works as advertised.
    This Occiam T17 TWS is perfect! The sound quality,noise-cancellation, &
battery life is great! These earphones were so smooth & made me very calming
even though I was busy & on the go! I’m able to workout properly because these
earphones are the bomb! The quality is awesome & I recommend you to buy it!
    I just bought them and they sound good and are comfortable.  when you listen
to music they allow you to advance to a new track or go back to the previous
one.  I think it is a good investment for the price.  all that remains is to
evaluate the battery life when in continuous use
    The sound quality is quite good, and the mic is exemplary. I use it to make
calls, and it works famously! I also love the over-ear thing; feels more secure
than just an earbud. Very much worth the money!
    I bought another one coz I lost one piece.Love it.  I tried other products,
I returned as soon as I see their ugly design. So I reordered this one
    Comfortable and good quality
    Love them! Excellent fit!
    These headphones are working great. Have a great fit for my ears. Sound
great. Very portable.
    Great
    I love the earbuds…they have a great quality feel and the packaging is top
notch. They sound great and I like that they can work independent of each other.
Excellent for sharing with my husband when watching a movie on a plane etc.
    Does the job.
    The sound quality is excellent. Love that the wraparound the ear.
    These wireless headphones are really nice, and I like that they stay on your
ear when you are working out or just simply watching a video on your phone. The
sound quality is good for the price and the battery lasts fairly long to what I
expected.
    Works very well, long lasting charge, and fits snugly.
    Just received product. Very comfortable fit.
    Really great headphone for the cost. They stay put ptetty well my only
complaint would be the arm that wraps around the ear is a bit large.
    Good phones!
    Good sound quality, sleek design, so far battery life is good. Good noise
cancelling
    Great product, great price. I ordered these to take on my walk in the park.
I didn't want to risk losing them so I am happy that they wrap around the ears.
I have used them twice and am glad that I made this choice.
    BATTERY LIFE IS WHAT MATTERS WHEN YOU ARE USING ANY BATTERY OPERATED DEVICE,
SO THIS IS VERY GOOD AND THE WITH NOISE CANCELLATION MAKES IT EVEN BERTTER.
SOUND QUALITY MATTERS TOO, AND THIS HAS IT, EXCELLANT QUALITY.
    I love how it shows battery life for both the headphones and the case!
    These buds work as stated right out of the box....good to excellent sound
quality. Wish they had multi-point pairing ....would be willing to pay more.
    I was worried that these headphones would become uncomfortable after using
them for a long time but no, they are very comfortable, just as other users told
me :3 I have no complaints with the sound as it is excellent and neither with
the battery performance :)
    I love them so far but still early yet.
    Easily paired. Comfortable on ears.
    Not the best sound quality, but it's good.Good range, great battery
life.Pros: cheap, functional, good music qualityCons: music quality not GREAT,
over ear hook CAN slip off during workouts.
    I thought these were for working out? The moment I start to sweat even the
smallest bit they seem to quit working. They either work one at a time
sporadically switching back and forth or disconnect altogether. It is extremely
frustrating and I can not use them for anything at this point.
    Wore them on a motorcycle ride and enjoyed them
    Bought 3 pairs of these headsets for gifts.  Volume control on the headset
does not work at all on all 3 of them.  This product is trash.
    They're great
    Great for the price, I love the charging case.
    Horrible. Though it paired easily enough, on three different devices the
right earbud kept disconnecting from the left, causing the volume to drop out
continuously. Impossible to listen to anything. I'll be sending these back, as
they don't work as intended.
    Great product! Love it so much! Sounds great & batteries last great.. Works
great with my Fire TV
    The warranty seems impossible to beat, but the sound quality is mediocre at
best.
    I got these so I could listen to music/podcasts/audio books at work, and
they're fantastic. Having the ability to have one ear bud in while the other
charges is great, but I've never really had to worry about it as each ear bud
can go about ten hours on its own. Great buy.
    Amazing pair. Very comfortable to wear and use. Charge capabilities are very
good. Charging case is lightweight and very easy to handle. Digital display
inside the case is a nice touch.Only disadvantage I personally feel is the
maximum sound could be a little higher.
    Great charge life. Sound quality is good. My ear does get a little sore
after long hours of wearing the buds but that's more on me not resting than on
the buds themselves.
    Love the quality of these headphones. The battery life is much longer than
my older pair and I they are great for my workouts
    Works well with my Samsung TV
    They sound great. Very happy with them so far. My husband got them for me
for Christmas.
    I walk/run daily and needed an earbud set that would not fall out of my
ears.  These satisfy that need.  I also like the remaining power indicators!
This is a huge plus.
    They fit great on my ears and don’t fall out during movement
    Very slick design with an awesome noise cancellation function.Long lasting
battery help stay tuned on media.
    Great product, on time delivery, easy to use
    Product came quick and better than expected.
    These are by far the best wireless headphones I've owned. The sound is very
clear and does not fall out of my ears. I'd recommend these to others.
    The sound quality is great, they are comfortable in my ears. I like that I
don't have to use both earbuds when on the phone.
    Low cost, fast delivery and fast customer service if needed. I use it
primarily for my phone and convenience of using each ear piece independently is
a plus.
    Battery case is lite and compact. I like it shows the percentage of battery.
Sound quality is top notch with great bass. Most importantly the price is just
one fifth of big names headphones. Highly recommended.
    Noise cancelling is great, they stay snug in place and sounds quality is
great.
    Great battery life, especially since I only generally use one earbud at a
time.
    Excellent for the price and quality.So far a good purchase,
    Awesome sound, easy pairing, great quality.
    great
    I have tried many types of headphones, but these are the clearest sounding
I've owned, and the clarity of phone conversations is miles ahead of other
headphones. Highly recommended!
    So for all functions work they fit and feel ok in my ears.
    I can hear everyone clearly and they can hear me. I can hear my music and
T.V. Shows. I used them for hours and then left them off the charger for the
night I woke up this morning and they still have lifr left. Just Amazing
    Great Bluetooth headset
    These earbuds look good and are comfortable. Sound quality is respectable
but the user interface isn't correct for a rookie like me.
    Gave them to my wife for Christmas.  They paired easily to her phone.  She
likes how she can turn off the sound by pressing the button if she wants to talk
to someone.
    Great sound, quick and easy setup and Bluetooth connection.  Sounds better
than my previous much more expensive ear buds.
    Sound quality is great, battery is great, I love the fit!
    Awesome product, great price solid buy
    Product fits the ear well and has a number of options as to eat bud size.
Sound quality is great. Only just received them so we will see how well the
battery life goes. Thus far I am happy with the purchase.
    I was very pleased with the sound quality, the range of the Bluetooth, and
the quality of the earphones themselves. I would order these again.
    I like the fact that I could put it on my ear very quickly. Battery life
very long. I listen to audiobooks a lot and this really sounds great.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      My wife and I love these
headphones , received a pair as a gift and then ordered my own pair. I use them
at work every day to listen to music. Great battery life and awesome quality for
the money
    These work great! They are the best value for the price, and there is a good
battery life in the headphones and the case. The sound quality is also great!
    The product has a very good feel when you are wearing it
    I love them
    I should really call myself to hear what they sound like, but so far the
people I've spoken to have said my voice sounds clear. And I really like the
fact that I can use them independently of each other, in case I lose one or
break one.
    I just got these and so far they are very comfortable and feel secure. The
sound is also great and the calls are clear. I bought these for calls and I was
told that I sounded great and there is no feedback.
    I love love love these they are awesome now I can block my daughter because
she will talk as long as she awake they have a lot of base and are super loud
    Sounds good so far. Wish the ear flanges were adjustable. Hopefully they
stay in better at work than the type without the flanges.
    Love my wireless earphones!! Sound quality is great! I love that they don’t
fall off and they charge inside their case. Buy them!!
    Left headphone doesn't work anymore. Turns on, connects just fine and can
even pause and play my music but no sound comes out.
    Connect exactly as described and work perfectly! The noise cancelling is
excellent.
    I use these wireless headphones while on the move at work and they are
amazing! No problems with them falling out since they fit comfortably in ear.
The battery on a single bud lasts me about 8 hours before having to put it in
the case to charge again. Recommend 100%
    Work great and delivered early!
    The wireless earbuds have a very good quality sound the noise canceling is a
very nice feature and works well I have not had a chance to fully check out the
battery life as they’ve lasted plenty long for what I have done
    Worked ok for less then 2 months, 1 of headphones doesn't produce sound
now.over ear rims are not well designed , didn't fit great and created pressure
behind ears after an hour, and fell off while moving around from time to time
    Love them!
    Sounds good and people can hear me good
    I am in love with these. I waited to post the review to be able to speak on
all aspects: from office to workouts to phone calls ~ Amazing!I will be stocking
stuffing  and gifting these for yeas to come.
    Product very nice. Quick shipping and sound quality excellent
    Na
    Wonderful.
    I'm so excited to use this for work! I work out of my home and have been
tethered to my phone. I am so impressed with the ease of pairing and the clarity
of the sound! The 100 plus hours you get is amazing! And so very easy to charge!
    It lasts the whole day listening to music with the 8 hr battery charge and
with the noise cancelation you don't have any interruption of what you are
hearing.  They are very comfortable too.
    These are great quality wireless headset for affordable price. I love that I
have the option of using both or 1 headset. The bass is incredible and battery
power is still 59% after 3 days of not charging.
    I like everything including the case it comes in to charge. I like how they
turn off when you cut them back on the case as well.
    I have tried many many earbuds as I am always on the phone or listening to
music during activity.  These are great sound and very comfortable.  I HIGHLY
recommend.
    Great for the price! They sound great and I haven't had any problems with
them disconnecting from my phone. They charge very quickly! Very happy with this
product.
    These are lightweight, hardly know you have them one.  Great stereo sound.
Really like the feature that you can see how much charge is on storage box and
how much is on headsets.  This is a great gift idea for people who drive alot.
    I wear these mostly at work and doing yard work. They're very sturdy,
comfortable, and overall a great value. Great battery life too! I work an entire
8 hour shift before the battery is low.
    It’s great for the price! The device can hurt your ears if worn by several
hours with glasses and a facemask and the microphone is really bad, you can’t
make what i say but since everything has an option to use a different microphone
i don’t consider this an lssue
    This product is everything I imagined and more. I won the first prize on the
scratch card coupon that was included in the package. True to their word the
seller sent me my reward which was equally of good quality.I recommend this to
everyone.
    I really like the noise canceling and battery life of this product. I was
able to use this product for 3 days of 8 hour use before having to recharge.
    design of the product
    Horrible battery life. You basically need to keep the Charging Case plugged
into the wall at all times. The case will not hold a charge and its battery will
drain from 100% to 0% in a matter of hours even if not being used.
    Bought these for my husband who is a truck driver. He loves them! Says they
are comfortable, work great and the battery life is fantastic!
    El producto es de buena calidad, facil manejo y se escucha bien. Excepto,
que se escucha mucho el ruido exterior. 🥴 Por ahora, creo que es lo único
negativo que tiene. It's good, but you can hear a lot of outside noise.
    Sound quality is superb along with the bass. Should have ordered these a
long time ago!!
    This is a great product I bought this one for my husband who likes to dance.
We tried some other products but they are not stable enough to stay ok ear while
danicing. This one is perfect.
    got these for a gift, big improvement over the earbuds they were using
before-- they don't fall out of their ears, and between being able to only use
one at a time and being able to charge from the case they can have well over a
full day's charge.
    N/c
    Very convenient earphone, does not drop in the movement, the sound quality
is also very good and the endurance is very strong.
    These were pretty decent headphones when first got them and are great at
staying in place while working or in the gym. Now the left side no longer works
and the sound from right is not as great. Really liked the headphones if they
would have stayed working well.
    Great product for the price
    great Bluetooth ear buds. excellent sound quality. good noise canceling.
bluetooth has about 100 ft range. battery life last between 8 to 9 hours on buds
and case will charge fast and gives you about 3 complete charges. would
definitely buy again
    It good. Clear sound and the battery last long
    Very comfortable to wear and great sound
    Love the sound quality for the price. Range is excellent.
    These are great earbuds. I always have trouble with the buds staying in and
with this design that hasn’t been a problem. I can move around and they stay in
place. The sound quality is great for the price point. I highly recommend.
    Love the hooks around top of ear. Solved problem of buds falling out when I
bend over.
    I had to return it back because one of the ear buds did not work and it did
not charge
    These things are great! Got these because I had to buy new headphone so I
decided I didn't want them with a wire, so i got these and they are awesome!
I've never owned a pair of headphones like these.
    They sound good & noise cancelling
    So far so good!!! Paired without a hitch... good audio and voice... looks
like the previous reviews were impeccable!!! Quite pleased!!!
    Great sound.  Can use 1 alone and still hear the music.  My last pair did
not work separately.
    Some of the best earphones i ever had. The bass is probably my favorite
part.
    Sound Quality is great.Good base good for sports.Perfect gift for my
husband.
    Sound quality is amazing and battery life has not been an issue
    I love the look of these earbuds.  They fit perfectly and the sound is
great.  They paired with my phone quickly.
    So far I have no complaints and I am surprised how clear the sound quality
is
    Very comfortable. Sound quality is great.
    These are one of the best at keeping outside noise outside, I work at an
assembly line and when I'm listening to music or listening to a book I can hear
it clearly, the battery life is also great and charges surprisingly quickly
    Earbuds feel comfortable over the ear.  Charging cable should be a little
longer but it's functional.  The charging case  could is functional.  Haven't
had them long enough to comment on the battery staying power.
    For the price, you won't find a better buy for truly wireless headphones!
Very sleek and compact with excellent sound and awesome base. PAired up easily.
Mic quality is pretty good! Very pleased with the purchase!
    Earbuds charge quickly, sound great and are comfortable to wear.  For the
price, they're practically unbeatable.
    Good size, fit well, nice sound and comfortable.
    Nothing negative to say about these headphones!!! Sound quality is great,
connected right to my phone and computer in seconds, and they stay in my ears!!!
And you can't beat the price and warranty. Amazing value.
    Good sounds, quick charge, nice case.  I'm totally happy and much better
price than air pods.
    Stays in the ear and works well.
    I am very happy with this product. I used a few bluetooth phones and this
one is the most confortable. I really like the sound quality, noise cancelation
is great, and I have not charged it yet and been using a lot, so battery life is
not bad
    Easy to use and set up.
    Bought these for work and they have been excellent. I actually prefer them
over the iPods due to the ear piece.
    Love the fit, they stay in my ear all the time!
    Would give all 5 stars but charging case stopped working after a week of
having them. Tried contacting seller on 11/18/20 still no answer as of 12/7/20.
Ear pods were.great but can't use now.because no other way to charge them
    sound quality is great
    Works great with my iphone and I like the over the ear fit.
    Sound quality was ok, battery life is very little. The worst thing was the
left earbud won't connect, got these as a gift and the left earbud will not
connect. Tried multiple work around and nothing helped. I don't recommend!
    I tried using these for running, but they inconsistently keep cutting out
about 5 minutes (so annoying!). Battery life is really bad, and there is not
much sound for the higher treble or mid ranges. Poor choice, keep looking.
    Comfortable and easy to set up
    I love this because only I can hear what's playing. Its sound prooft and
very easy to use. I would recommend this to my friends and family. Keep
producing great product at a reasonable price for your customers.
    Great sound, bass and overall quality at a reasonable price.I like charging
indicator and the ease of pairing and use. The earphones do not fall out, which
is a great selling point.Satisfied with my purchase and would buy again.
    Was trying to find earbuds mainly for talking but comfortable, these worked
perfectly!  Sound quality is great, especially when  listening to music. The fit
is perfect fir my ears. Would purchase and again and highly recommend this
product.
    Great sound
    Nice sound quality and battery, but when listening the sound would go in and
out of each ear bud every 10-30 seconds, very annoying
    Great value! High quality for the price.
    El producto es bueno exelente para deporte es ligero y muy cómodo me gusta y
lo recomiendo
    The only time I used these I was in mono headphone mode and after 3 hours
the right side died while I was on an important call. After it died, it never
recharged properly. This product is a waste of money and time and I would never
recommend it to anyone.
    They're great and perfect for the price. The case does feel a bit weak, but
hold up nicely. Only complaint is that they will sometimes automatically turn on
when in the case and very slowly Chee threw battery. Otherwise, I like them a
lot!
    Great set of headphones. Love the led charge display to i know exactly how
much battery life i have in both the headphones themselves and the charging box
    I love the headphones. Sound quality is great!
    I really like that this product came charged. The sound quality is great as
well.
    Work great
    Seem good so far. You get a free gift and lifetime warrant for giving a 5
star review on these which is the reason for my review. Truth be told—-I got the
headphones today. Again, good so far but a little early to say 100%.
    These earbuds were exactly what I had Hoped for. Perfect!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Great value!
    Easy to connect, sound is good, works as expected.
    The sound quality is so perfect. They paired well to iphone too and really
easy to pair. Highly recommend for iphone users.
    Great set of wireless ear buds. I have small ears and it was very
comfortable to wear all day. My husband has large ears and he thought they were
comfortable too. I’m impressed with the sound quality. Plan on purchasing
another pair soon.
    Just received these the other day, but have used them twice, once walking
and once hiking and am very impressed with the sound. Fingers crossed they will
continue to perform well!
    I just purchased these and upon my trial they seem to be okay. I will come
back after I have worn them for a day. So far so good.
    Very good sound and volume, I will definitely buy again.
    I have been using these all week at work on a single charge! Very
comfortable with an easy-to-use button interface, very nice sound quality.
    This is a good set of headphones for the money.  The sound quality is good,
and the battery life sufficient.  I would highly recommend these headphones.
    These head phones are very good quality for the money.  I use them at the
gym everyday and they stay on my ears when I’m running and moving around.  Very
happy with my purchase.
    Great sound and great fit around my ears.  Battery life has been very good
and are very easy to charge using the charging case.
    I just opened the box
    The sound in awesome!
    These are great. Fit in my ears and never come loose no matter what I’m
doing. And the sound is just great even when you’re just wearing 1 in the ear.
    Arrived in time and as it said
    Love these! Sounds great, snug fit dont fall out while working out, running,
playing you name it very good headsets!
    Enjoying them. They fit really well
    Love that these have the ear wrap so you can run with them on. They paired
immediately and are very comfortable. The case means I won’t lose one but
they’re affordable enough that even if I did I wouldn’t be devastated.
    Great headphones
    Good sound.  A little distant sounding. Great noise cancellation.Very good
battery life.
    Perfect for running! They fit comfortably in your ears and I like that I can
control each individually. My only complaint is that people cannot hear me very
well when I’m on the phone using the ear buds. I have to be in a completely
quiet environment
    The earbuds are nice, but I really like the charging case. Well, the fact
the case charges is pretty cool, but it's just nice to have a case. So far, good
product and good customer service.
    sounds good and is comfortable around the ear. Great for working out in and
running.
    Fast & easy pairing with all my devices and can switch between them with
ease, Comfortable- I can wear all day. Not Bose sound but still pretty good  for
the affordable price. Still new but the battery life for right now is excellent
    Great warranty.
    Easy to pair to phone, comfortable fit,  good sound quality
    Perfect! I bought this earbud because I wanted something that would be
comfortable and wouldn't fall out easily.  I was not disappointed.  At one point
i forgot i had them on. Its awesome!
    Great headphones! Really comfortable. Tried 2 other highly rated pairs and
returned them because they didn't fit right. Got these and they fit perfect.
Sound quality and mic are great too!
    This is a great product, vert easy to set up.
    These work great!  There my new favorite wearing them in the garden or just
general yard work.  They also work far from my phone.  They are a bit tricky to
figure out at first but you get used to it. Highly recommend.
    They are a great product I got them for work and work perfectly I work in
construction and it’s noisy but I can hear my music perfectly  and I like that I
can charge them on the box so i never go without music....I recommend them...
    Great battery. Seamless Bluetooth. Not as loud as some others I have owned
    Decent pair of headphones for their price. Sound quality is less than what
I'm used to but still pretty ok. Sound cancellation is great
    Easy setup. I love the way they fit on my ears! However, the volume is a bit
low for my old ears. Nonetheless, the product quality so far seems great.
Shipping was very fast!
    These are amazing.  Just love them.  Exactly as described.
    Very nice product.
    Pretty easy to set up. But when listening to music only one ear works at a
time. Not as loud as I expected.  Battery life is decent. Charges pretty fast.
Fits well in the ear.
    They look, feel, and sound nice.
    Comfortable headsets. Paired Easily. Happy so far.
    Very nice earbuds for the price. Don’t seem cheap at all.
    Very much thanking people who do selling of headphones that are these. So
much sound good, so little, cost happy. Losing them, not wanting to is what I
am. Just if though maybe free some. Thanking always all days all thanks,a
little. Good being ?
    I got them yesterday and spent all day doing things around the house and
didn’t have to take my phone with me. The range is great. They fit in my ears
well and sound great!
    Worked straight out the box.  Great value👍
    These headphones for the most part are pretty good, I love how you can
charge rhem and see the batteryife in the charging box.. They have good sound
for the prices, I would say well worth it...
    Great sound  and fits my ears comfortably and good battery life.
    I love these ear buds. They charge quickly last a long time and have a great
range. They are high quality and are a great fit. I would highly recommend
these!
    Inexpensive.
    Very comfortable and attach to the ear with ease.
    These the best earbuds I've ever owned, hands down. I would recommend these
earbuds to everyone I know. They are really comfortable and the sound quality
rivals all of the expensive brands.  These are an amazing bang for your buck.
    I purchased these before and was very pleased until I lost them.  So now I
am back for a new pair!!!
    I have difficulty with earbuds in my ears. I have found these to be
lightweight , durable, excellent quality and they stay in place.  Love these!
    Don't get for working out. Had it for a 2 weeks. Fits great on the ear. BUT
took them for one run on a treadmill and the sweat broke them. They keep
shorting out/turning off once a little bit of sweat gets on them.
    Great headphones for the price. I will definitely buy them again or
recommend
    These are the best wireless headphones I ever Gotten from amazon ... the
sound quality and having NO WIRES you CANT BEAT THESE HEADPHONES for the price
.. I’m going to get a pair for the whole family !!
    Great sound, confortable and good look. I little big for my ears, but I am
petite.
    Easy to setup, lets see how it works.
    Sound quality is good. Battery life is good, and mic is awesome for phone
calls. The quality of the sound is incredible!
    Great product for the price!!
    They fit good sound great for the price. And they last all day with using
both withcthe hours I work.
    Great product-  wonderful sound, noise cancelling is awesome and we love the
battery life display!
    They are comfortable to wear and they have amazing sound(I dropped an broke
the left earphone a few days ago and I tested it out to see if they still work
and to my amaze, they still stay strong for a short while before it needs to be
charged)
    They sound pretty good so far
    Like  the over the ear design as i have very small ears and other wireless
earphones popped out - especially when it's cold. Highly recommend for people
with small ears.
    Great ear buds for the price
    Just recieved my headphones today and so far I LOVE them! The sound quality
is good, crisp and clear. Syncing them to my iPhone was so easy and effortless.
    I love everything about this product and would recommend it to any one.
    I bought these headphones just the other day, I love them, they are easy to
pair and automatically connect when I use them with my phone or mp3 devices,
they're also comfortable to wear and the sound is excellent.
    Sound is really good and it fits my ears great
    Fit my ears really well! I have pretty small ears, so it's difficult to find
Bluetooth earbuds that will actually stay in. These do the trick!
    The sound quality is good and the battery life is decent
    Loved the earbudsFits perfectly and great price
    I'm a zookeeper so I move around a lot, and these headphones are comfy even
with my glasses and mask on! I love that you can use just one at a time, since I
need to be able to hear my radio. They are very noise cancelling too!
    Great sound quality. Very clear with great volume that allows for excellent
noise cancellation. You can't beat the battery life in my opinion.
    I bought these as one of my boyfriend's Christmas gifts. His exact words
"the sound is crisp and they don't fall out". He loves them, they're a great
gift for the price
    Bought for husband for Christmas. He said they sound and work great!
    These are great headphones for the price. I was actually shocked by the
sound quality. One trip to the gym so far, we will see how they last.
    I love these Occiam  ear buds. They fit well, sound great while working out
or relaxing. The charger/case is great. They charge quickly and hold a charge
all day long.
    These headphones delivery high quality audio at a price that is affordable
compared to mainstream competitors on the market. The bluetooth connection is
seamless and they have great battery life. I would definitely buy again.
    I received them and tried them and am very happy about the quality for the
price.  They set up easily and worked right out of the box! Range is good, sound
is great and are working flawlessly.  Thank you for a wonderful, affordable
product!
    Easy to use and stays put.
    After the first set would not charge, Amazon quickly replaced them and the
new set works great!
    Very comfortable!  I forgot I had them on!Good sound quality.
    This is my first pair of true wireless earbuds and im 100% satisfied with
them. Calls are clear and music sounds amazing. The big part is the battery life
i use one at a time and In a 16 hr work shift i had to swap just once
    Easy to connect, the range allows me to leave my device on one end of my
house and walk to the other end. The fit is pretty good too (even for my small
ears). Plus, the LED case display is cool.
    I am pleased with this product. Everything is how I hoped and expected.It
arrived on time. I charged it. Turned it on. It paired right away. Works like I
hoped.
    Works wellArrived quickly
    Best option for the price
    I love that this headphones are sleek and stylish while also doing what they
are made for. They are made to securely fit your ear while also having a very
clear and quality sound.
    These earbuds work great! I use them daily in my construction work and they
never come off. The sound is perfect, and it's nice to be able to take phone
calls without picking up my phone. For the price, you can't beat them.
    Earbuds sound great and are easy to charge.
    Great headset. Great sound quality. Easy hook up. Arrived on time.
    I love it. Very nice sound, noise free, battery long life, quality sound,
easy to answer and make the phones calls.
    Honestly love these I just got them, I love the range. The sound quality is
great and they don’t fall out of my ears while I’m working out.
    Cheap material and poor connectivity. They sound good when they work, but
won’t stay connected. Returning asap. The company is also trying to buy reviews
by offering a free product for 5 stars.
    Great product! I bought these after my old headphones broke. So far these
headphones are by far superior. The earbuds wrap around my ear perfectly and the
sound quality is great. Very happy with my purchase!
    Sound quality is excellent, the battery life is amazing; I could have been
more happier with my choice!
    This is an excellent product and it was very affordable.  It does what I
need it to do.  Good purchase.
    I love the packaging of the product. The earbuds are quite clear and it
blocks out surrounding noises. They are also really comfortable.I have not used
them long enough to comment on the life of the battery.Happily recommend!
    The fitment is good has good sound.
    Great headphones. Easy to connect. Ones connected to you phone they
automatically connect ones you take them out of their case. Sound is really good
and noice canceling works great. Great deal for the prize
    I use it for workouts and plyometrics, so I move around a lot. It stays in,
sound quality is great and it lasts forever.Highly recomended.
    Decent sound, terrible battery, right one won't  charge in the case anymore
within a month of purchase.
    Second pair of wireless headphones.  These are much better for battery life
and for sound quality.  For the price these can not be beat!!
    I like these headphones. They charge pretty quickly and hold a charge for a
good amount of time. I use them when I exercise because they don't have any cord
that gets tangled up.
    Wonderful Bluetooth headphone with great sound quality and i was able to
talk from distance.I would recommend this for daily use.
    Took several tries to pair them together. Once that happened they kept
unpairing from my phone. Garbage.
    I'm happy with these.  They have worked flawlessly right out of the package
and they're easy to use and understand.  Thanks!
    Highly surprised at the quality and battery life for the price!
    Love the battery life of these headphones! Easy to use and ergonomic. Great
choice and investment. :)
    Refunded - Bluetooth connection breaks up constantly if you are moving,
making listening experience frustrating. Decent sound quality if you don't plan
on moving.
    I love the headphones so much. I can use either or both which is a huge
improvement from others I have had. i will be purchasing more in the future.
    Good quality for the price
    I really like these! My favorite part is the ability to have one bud at a
time out of the case and still be able to connect. So many I have tried require
you to have both ear buds out in order to work. Battery life is amazing as well!
    A comfortable fit for my ears and has very good quality in battery life.
    Good sound and easy to connect to them.
    Great rich, clear sound. Long lasting charge & nice charging station. Great
earphones for the price.
    It works great. I was struggling to find some ones that were loud and that
had a great battery life and I'm so glad I came across this one. I love it and
highly recommend it.
    Good for working out
    Just go it today 1/20/21. They sound is great.. and so far no complaints.
Let's see how long it lasts. The last pair I had (a different brand) stop
working on one of the earbuds. I hope these new pair surpass lifetime.
    Sound quality is better than expected.
    Works great . Sounds good
    I ran with them for the first time today and they worked perfect. They never
fell out and they were very comfortable to wear. I would recommend buying these
to anyone who wants a good pair of earbuds for a good price.
    Just received earphones so far very comfortable. Sound quality very good for
price range. Paired very easily with iPhone.
    I bought these to use while working out, but I found myself wearing them all
day listening to my favorite music. The sound quality is awesome. I would
recommend these to anyone. I have to get a new pair because my husband took
mine.
    Excelente
    Great sound quality, comfortable to wear. Noise cancellation seems good. I
am not sure of battery life as of now, I have only had them a day and haven’t
used them for a long period of time yet.Will update later
    These fit and sound amazing. Great value at this price point. Highly
recommend over spending too much on overpriced "name brand" competitors.
Couldn't be happier with my purchase and going to buy another set my son.
    Occiam T17 over the ear buds are the absolute best .... the sound is
excellent .... I would recommend them to anyone who wants small comfortable ear
buds ....
    The most important thing about buying a pair of headphones was the
microphone, the microphone works perfectly with these headphones even in places
where there is a lot of noise. I am very happy with my product!
    I am very happy with these, they stay in place, keep the sound equalized
instead of me having to adjust volume all the time, great sound quality, and I
love the hard case. Highly recommend, especially for the price.
    Got these for Christmas...So far headphones work great, easy to set up and
last a whole work day!
    Good product
    These headphones worked well.
    They seem really good since I tried them wish they had smaller ear pieces
and that it would be more easy to switch the ear plastic piece. Other then that
seem pretty good for the price.
    They are so durable compared to the price, they are cheap in price but doing
so great,  I can get more and more. They are giving me a great worth of my money
    They are great!!!
    Love these!  They stay in your ear during exercise easily.
    Great sound, amazing comfort fit, and the price that doesn't break the bank.
    Good sound quality, easy to connect
    I absolutely love these!!! They are comfy and good for my small ears! Also
the sound is fantastic and super awesome for the price!!
    Love these great deep sound.
    These are very comfortable. I have a small ear canal and the different size
ear buds fit well. Most ear buds do not stay in my ear. these are easy to use
and sound great.
    So far so good,  they stay on my ears. And last longer
    Works perfect, good sound quality, easy to use, and maintains a steady BT
connection.
    These ear buds are amazing!! Great fit and sound quality!
    I purchased these because most earbuds won't stay in my ears.  These are
great and sound is good.  Thanks.
    The headphones are great! I had to buy new ones since one of my other
headphones broke and these are excellent. Definitely a must for those that want
wireless headphones fitting your ears perfectly.
    Received these for Christmas, convenient storage case you can charge the
earphones in (with or without the charging cord), great sound quality and easy
to set up bluetooth to my phone
    Sound quality was great! Fit comfortably on the ears! Happy with purchase!
    Great earbuds. Sound great, comfortable fit and quickly link to Bluetooth.
    Bought these because I didn’t want to spend money on AirPods. They aren’t
the best for music which sucks cuz I’m a music lover but they will do for now
    It sounds great. I love the sound
    excellent and a great price point
    These are amazing headphones for calls and music
    These work great for what I want them for! I use them for music, podcasts,
and phone calls! I use them for my class lectures even! Love them!
    I thought these were affordable Bluetooth headphones! I like that they wrap
around your ears and they sound amazing!
    Sound is awesome, balance is perfect, easy to pair, could not be happier!
    I get very good sound quality. My ears are small and the earphones stays in
good even while I’m running.
    Love how fast I got them, sounds okay better then most for the price. 5
stars for the company
    Great headphones. Love them for running
    I have had these 'Buds' for a short time.  They arrived quickly and have
good sound.  They fit securely and are comfortable.  I would recommend them.  A
good buy at this price point
    I have tried other bluetooth earbuds. These ones stayed in my ear. They
connect automatically to my phone when i take them out of the rechargeable box
which shows me their battery life charge. These are worth the money.
    Great for the price nice sound easy set upFit comfortably
    Good call/sound quality, battery life; I like the digital display for
charging both the headphones and the charger.
    Is everything all previous reviews claimed.  Had ordered a different product
a few months ago for my wife that cost twice as much -- doesn't come close to
these in every aspect.  Highly recommend these earbuds.
    So easy to use, just push button, and pair to T17, the sound quality is
AMAZING, the bass is better than I've heard in any earbuds, and DO NOT get me
started on comfort, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE these!!!
    Awesome for price and very comfortable
    Very clear sound when I'm in my work truck and on the phone great quality
charges extremely fast battery life lasts a long time at least 12 to 15 hours
and they fit fantastic inside of my ears wonderful product
    Came very fast. Works well. Comfortable and I like the ear loop because they
don't fall out,
    Out of the box it seems perfect! Easy to use!
    Good price, nice headphones
    Very comfortable.  Not sure if warranty is included.  It appears to be.  If,
instead, it was a trick to pay more will be very disappointed.  Will update once
I know.
    Great earbuds at a great price
    Able to use at the gym no problem. Easy to sync up for bluetooth. Would
purchase again. Good value for the price.
    I have small ears so most ear buds aren't comfortable to wear.
    These earbuds are going to be great once I got them to connect to the
Bluetooth properly. The instructions were very helpful.
    Funcionan muy bien, el sonido es muy bueno y la conección es rápida
    Great price for a great piece of equipment! Fit great and I usually have a
terrible time finding ear buds or anything to fit with my inner ear being
smaller & having my tregus pierced on both sides no issues.
    I was just generally looking for any pair of earbud mostly for the gym and
won’t Hager in the way with any of my movements. These earbuds accomplish that
goal as well a fit well so I don’t worry about it falling at any time.
    Very easy to set up and start using.  Like the buttons so you know you have
either turned it off or turned it on.  Like the choice of ear tips so I could
change it to the one that fits me best.
    Great item! stays on my ears and the noise cancellation is surprisingly
good, bass also great... Overall a great purchase for this price point, no need
to spend money on air pods
    Sounds great it fit my ear  perfect.
    Very good sound quality, noise cancellation, battery life, and never falls
out of my ear(which is a problem I've had a lot with earbuds).
    It's really good the quality but the case never stop charging the earbuds.
So at night the case shows 100 and in the next day goes down to 69 without even
being used and all being fully charged!!
    These headphones fit great in the ear and pair very easily to my phone.  A
great value option for earbuds while working out.
    No complaints so far so good. Will update review in a month.
    These headphones can't be beat at this price range. The features they offer
are good enough for normal daily use. Sound quality is good. The seal in my ear
is good. The battery life is as good as advertised.
    Gave 5 stars because they tell you if you do they will give you a lifetime
warranty. Tricky, eh? :-)
    Very comfortable and great sound quality, pairing happened almost instantly
and no problems with sound cutting out like I've had with other brands. Great
purchase!
    It's my default device listening to my phone now. It stays in the ear
comfortably while running. Comparing to Powerbeats, the return of investment of
this earbuds is unbeatable.
    Absolutely amazing, especially for the price. Makes working and listening to
music much easier as I also look professional! Airpods didn't fit my ears and
these didn't break the bank. Top notch customer service too! Highly recommend!!
    Great sound quality and easy to use and they stay on your ear. A true value
for the price
    This was a great gift for my sons Christmas. He would not stop talking about
how nice it was compared to his other earbuds.
    I like the way they stay on and the sound is really great. ( tunes a lot out
)
    Sound is clear and they fit perfectly around my big ears. Couldn’t be
happier.
    I like these earbuds I use them for work and the gym. Sound and battery life
are good. I would definitely recommend. Seller is quick to reply and solve any
problems you might have.
    These seem great and warranty sounds great
    Sound quality is very good.
    Easy to use..sound is great
    Very easy to use and battery life is very good
    These earbuds have great sounds, the charge lasts a long time and the case
charger lasts a long time as well . Great buds for the money
    Bought these for my hubby who can’t keep ear buds in. He likes them. Says
they are comfortable and the sound quality is good. He has bigger ears and they
fit good
    My sister’s ears are small so other wireless earbuds fall out. The hooks on
the end made it easier to wear for those of us with different wear sizes
    Love the sound
    The headphones are alright but sometimes they start cutting in and out or
getting out of sync and it kinda drives me nuts.
    Not noise cancelling
    Cool sleek design. Great battery life and fits comfortably
    I like the bass, the way it fits on my ears (nicely no pressure, does not
squeeze the ear), easy to operate, manual is clear. Easy to pair with my phone.
Works and looks just as good as it is advertised. No faults found.
    Great product, with really good battery life and noise cancelation.
    Very good to use at work and the sound quality is amazing with the
environment that I work in! The battery life is very long last too!
    These headphones are a godsend. They are comfortable, have great sound and
so far really easy to adjust. Would highly recommend these.
    These are super badass. They look sleek and hang on your ears well during
workouts. The charging case has a cool display of the battery percentage.
    Love the ear buds, had a pair similar except they were connected together
with a cord. Now I'm free of that. I realy like the displays in the case.
    They're pretty, I like that is digital and the piece that goes behind the
ear
    Great pair of wireless headphones!! Awesome quality and sound for the price
tag! I bought to use these when my other wireless headphones are charging. Thank
you!
    Super comfortable and stays in ears while exercising. I have had past
headphones where the volume doesn't get high enough and these get really high
while staying good quality. The charging case is really handy and nice!
    writing a review to receive free gift, will edit later to reflect my
experience with the product.
    I charged these earbuds over night and they only last 2.5 hours, the
advertising says they are supposed to last 8 hours on a single charge. Not even
close, will be returning.
    The headphones are actually very comfortable and have good sound quality. I
think I have weirdly shaped ears and prefer over ear headphones but these work
great and fit my ears very nicely.
    I really enjoy these ear buds, they stay in place and have a great battery
life. It's sleek design of the case is perfect for either pocket or purse.
    Very good quality for the price.
    Works well nice on battery power
    These head phones sound great and last all day. I no longer worry about
charging my headphones or having them die becasue the case I keep them in
charges them whenever I am not using them. Thanks Occiam!
    I haven't been able to use earbuds until I tried these.  Other earbuds would
not stay in my ears or would give me earaches,  The sound is amazing and
speaking on the phone, your voice is clear.  Highly recommend them!!
    It fits very comfortably. I have no complaints there. They also both pair
automatically at the same time, which is great, as I've had issues with
connecting to b my ear buds at the same time in the past.
    Great product! I’m not used to wearing headphones very often but have
started using them for my cardio workouts.  These have great sound quality.
    Overall the quality is good the battery life suit s my time love the
opportunity of just dropping back in the case and they start charging. I have
always love this tipe of design that goes over your ear
    It was a gift for an active person and they said it was amazing because they
were good quality and would stay in place.
    I have purchase  a pair of headphones as a gift for a family member and
spent about 6 time what these cost and  after receiving these headphones and
doing a comparison. These are much better headphones.
    These fit the ear nicely for both me and my husband. I am Korean with small
ears, and my husband is Italian with larger ears. The volume controls are
intuitive and easily differentiated.
    I like the fit and the way they sound! They are great!
    Easy to use and sounds great with a good battery life.
    Amazing quality and customer service!
    Definitely worth the money so far, light, comfortable, and sound quality is
amazing
    These occiam earbuds are much better than my old pair. The sound quality is
very good. I would definately reccomend these earbuds.
    These earbuds are awesome and work exactly how they are supposed. Super easy
to set up and use also. Sound quality is great too!!!
    Case fits perfectly in my pockets and large enough to see it. Battery life
is great for my use. I love at the fact that I can use type-C chargers for it.
The buds cancel surrounding noises and fit perfectly in my ears.
    It seems a very nice earbuds, clear sound. They are not good for conference
calls but excellent for sports. You can listen music while are riding bike or
running. Very good connection and easy to use.
    Seems to be a decent product.
    Intuitively designed, so easy to use.  And the over-ear hook is INVALUABLE.
Sound fidelity great, both on my end and those I call on the phone.  Love these
    Very easy to use with a long battery life.  Good sound quality
    Awesome sound, had to turn them down
    It is a product it fits the ear comfortably.
    I've enjoyed the sound from these headphones so far,though I feel like
sometimes one cuts in and out while I'm walking. The left one doesn't show the
power level in the case unless I push down on it.
    I love being able to use only one headphone at a time. The sound quality is
really great. I typically have problems with headphones hurting my ears or
making them sore and these have not caused that.
    I just got these and so far they're great, the sound is clear and loud.
They're super comfortable in my ears, other than there being music in my ears I
don't even notice they're there.
    So far these headphones work great and they connect really fast to your
phone. I like the charging case and the volume is really loud and I can hear
well, unlike previous headphones that I've purchased in the past.
    I love everything about the.
    Great headphones, clear sound and the connection strength is amazing. I can
leave my phone in the house while doing yard word and never miss a single word.
    these earbuds are great all around, the sound is perfect and I love the
volume control. battery life is great too. I'm excited to use it for my new
switch.
    They were fantastic on fit, comfort and sound. But after 3 sets all had at
least one of the earpiece went bad and had to send back for refund
    they fit snug in my ears which are perfect while running, but unfortunately
always have trouble with them connecting to my iPhone, or always giving me an
error messages about the device not connecting or available
    Absolutely love them
    I like the quality sound and battery life of the ear buds! A very convenient
charging and storage case!
    The best decision I've made in buying these headphones.  So comfortable on
the ears and great sound.  A must have!!
    It is an amazing product!!.
    I like the feeling that they will not fall off, they fit snugg, and don't
hurt. I use them for discretion and privacy.
    Great quality and great price. The case feels really nice too. It doesn't
feel cheap or anything. And it has displays the battery level inside. Great for
taking around with the 48 hour case charge.
    Works sooo good. Love the sound and the battery life is very nice. I work
10-12hr shifts and it plays through with no problems.
    Good fitting earbuds. I tried them on as soon as I received them. I will add
to this review as soon as I pair them to my phone.
    I love the like sports vibe it helps a lot
    I bought this earbuds because a friend of mine really recommended it. The
battery  life is long, sound quality is good  and the price is very reasonable.
In the end of road I felt like I got a really decent item.
    Arrived promptly in undamaged package. In the spirit of honesty, not the
best quality in the world, but then they aren't $200 earbuds... so for price,
I've not had any better earbuds than the Occiams I purchased.
    I love these headphones! These are great! The audio clarity is INSANE for
the price! I checked music, audiobooks,  and a phone call with only one side.
Totally passed the vibe check.
    Item arrived on time and was packaged well. Sound quality is good for the
price.
    They work great. Happy with my purchase
    As advertised. Great product. Good fit around ears. Great sound. Overall
very happy with the purchase.
    These headphones have good sound, bass, and fit comfortably :))
    Looks amazing and feels very comfortable on my ears which are very sensitive
so there good so far no problems here
    I am very pleased with these earbuds so far. Quality is great and noise
cancelling as well. I usually have a problem finding earbuds that fit my tiny
ears and these seem to fit well!
    I'm very happy with this purchase.  Quality sound, easy to use, cool and
practical case, great battery longevity, and easy pairing.  I'd buy these again.
    Sound quality is great, bass comes through well & treble is very crisp.
Recommend for those who enjoy their music.  Hoping that battery life is as good
as advertised.
    Just got these.  Easy to operate. For comfortably.
    Easy to pair
    They have great sound and are easy to pair and use
    I was really surprised at the quality for this price. Love the charging case
and they stay in place while doing anything. I wear primarily while working out.
Sound quality is great.
    very comfortable. Excellent Sound
    These are well made and the sound is fairly good. Would like a bit more
bass. The case is well made for charging and has nice information led to tell me
when charged.
    good headphones while at work during heavy physical moving. last a good long
while so I don't need to charge and not have music. and they sit comfortably in
my ear so I don't need to worry about it falling out.
    Good headphones, very comfortable and great sound. Recommended for people
who go to the gym, and not only. Good for everyone.
    Great headphones, good range, very clear
    Fits my small ears and has amazing sound
    I bought these for my son. He loves them. Used them all the time and loves
how they stay in his ears
    They were ready to set up and came already charged. I like that the charging
case closes. The sound is good too.
    Product as described. Customer service is great. Highly recommended
    Easy to use, good sound quality
    These headphones are great. The sound quality is awesome, and its very
inexpensive for what you get. I'd buy another pair if these broke.
    Great sounding earbuds!
    Perfect for the price!!
    They work great!
    Nice case and comfortable fit. Earbuds stay in place. Sound quality is good.
Walked about 25-30 feet away from phone before it effected the sound.  I’m
satisfied about the product for the price
    Can’t way to try these out when I go for a run.
    First pair of cordless earbuds I've ever bought for myself and I love these.
I have small ears and these fit perfectly and dont fall off while I'm
exercising.  Great sound quality and easy to set up and use.
    The sound was amazing for the price.  Just the right amount of base.  Not
overpowering.  Treble not tinny.  Very satisfied.
    Comfortable fit, great sound quality. Love that you can use either ear while
the other charges. Pleasantly surprised by the quality of these at such a great
price.
    They work we’ll for the price. The instructions are funny to read due to
almost correct translation of the manufacturer’s native language to English.
    These are a hidden gem.  Very high quality.  Sound is clear, bass is solid
and not overpowering.  I especially like the ear piece, very soft and fit well.
Not bulky and too large.  Overall I’m very pleased.
    I love these ear buds. The sound is excellent.
    The sound is great and they have a long battery life.  I use them mostly
when I run and they feel very comfortable.  I also like the fact that you can
use only one at a time if you wish to.
    Excellent sound quality and was able to get them working right away.
Overall great product that has allowed me to enjoy music, podcasts, and a bit of
peace and quiet as needed.
    These are so amazing cancels out any unwanted noiseHolds in place when I'm
working out and having some time to study for examsHolds a good charge for at
least 3 days
    I like it a lot cause it loops around your ear and it feel really nice. I’ve
tried other earbuds that have the loop and they didn’t feel right but these are
actually comfortable
    So far so great. Love love love the comfort. My ears get sore wearing other
buds. These offer a way more comfortable feel.
    Very nice set of earbuds.  The charge last a long time and sound quality is
very good.
    lowest cost wireless, good for sports
    Sound great and just as good as the big guys! They look real nice and fit
comfortably! They stay in place no matter the ear size!! The sound quality is
really nice
    These Bluetooth wireless earbuds are awesome! They have great quality of
sound and easily pair to my phone. They are comfortable to wear and stay in my
ears well.
    Very durable, light, with good sound quality.  When battery is low they may
cut out a little.  Very pleased with purchase!
    Overall they look nice. I haven't tried them because they are a Christmas
present for my dad who likes to go for a run once in a while and his headphones
are already old, so I hope he likes some new ones :)
    Sound quality and noise cancellation the positioning of it in your ear is
wonderful. Don't have to worry about losing it due to the way its made to cradle
the ear
    They work great and last all day long.  I like the way they fit.
    I love them. They sound great. I don't go anywhere without them.
    They are better in volume and sound canceling.. other ear phone always had
problems..
    I just love them!! The sound that comes thru Yes !!! Absolutely
Awesome!.💯💖💖💖💖🔥
    Great product long lasting battery and excellent sound
    Very easy to setup and use. Sound quality is very good
    I like these earbuds a lot good sound quality. I really like the mono mode
most earbuds do not have that it's a deal breaker for me. I like these earbuds
so much I recommend them to a friend and he bought 2
    Just got these. Bought them to keep in my car in case I forgot my air pods.I
was blown away!!  Great sound and great service.
    Great Product
    Better than expected
    My listening sound was fantastic.  Some people told me that they could hear
everything in my background when I was talking to them. Comfort is very good.
Battery life is good.
    So far the sound is great. They're also comfortable to wear,even with my
glasses on.
    Just got them and love them
    Super easy to charge, pair and use!
    Fit like a glove and I like these better than beats or AirPods.
    Doesnt fall off the eat at all!
    Had a problem with the charging case not shutting off after the earbuds
finished charging. This would cause the charging case battery to die after a day
or so. Support was helpful in solving this problem.
    I bought them to use with TV, they work great and are very comfortable.
Would buy again...🤓🌻
    These connected easily with my Samsung note 10. I haven't had any reception
problems while walking away from my phone. Thats a plus!
    Love these ear buds the sound quality are great and they fits very
comfortable and the fact that the case tells you how much battery life is left
on buds and case is awesome
    These earphones are lightweight and comfortable. I like being able to see
how much charge the case has left as well. So far, I love them!
    Very easy to setup and comfortable
    Nice dirty headphones and nice case came 50% charged
    They were fine the first use, then they would not connect when battery life
was at 80% and continuously cut in and out during a workout. No good.
    I like that you can charge the ear phones in the case. Like the look of it.
The case makes them portable too. Charging them now to try the sound.
    They work perfect!
    Great earbuds for on-the-go! Good sound quality for everyday usage and busy
lives. I would definitely recommend these and they make the perfect "stocking
stuffers" for your loved ones on the holidays! :)
    Nice Product. I will say better then airpods. I eill give 4.5 stars. Reason
i have issue with volume buttons. So i have to returned for new ones. After that
nothin. It will be cool made different colors.
    The sound quality is awesome and the noise cancellation is awesome too and
you can’t beat the battery life. I had one earbuds in my ear from 6am to 4pm and
it’s still going.
    Great headphones.  Good sound and battery life.  Comfortable.
    Nice
    Clear sound. Comfortable. And recharging case! Its great.
    I was very impressed by the headphones, honestly. The price definitely
doesn't reflect the quality. They are sturdy and have good sound. I would
recommend it.
    The headphones work well. They fit well and will not fall off my ears. Glad
I purchased these headphones.
    A perfect hubby  gift who keeps on losing earbuds. Uses this for running &
keeps it intact in his ear & nice clear sound. Can’t say much as he just used it
a few times
    Thank you!
    So far so good...
    No carga,no hace contacto con la caja,hay que poner algo para que haga
presio ,para que carge y no dura mucho la carga
    Works well for my daughter she is very hard on headphones. She loves them.
The case is kind of flimsy but overall good for the price. Set up was super
easy. I do recommend.
    I wasn't looking to pay a lot for earbuds, so these work well for me. The
price matches the quality. They fit well on my ears and the battery life, thus
far, is sufficient.
    I really like the overall sound quality of these wireless Bluetooth earbuds.
They fit great and are very comfortable.
    Very easy to pair. Sound quality is great Also very comfortable.
    The voice saying “on or off” is hard to tell the difference.
    Easy to charge, stay on ears, good sound.
    Just received these and they came well packaged, and fully charged.  Good
fit on my ears, even with glasses on and sound quality is good for the price
point.
    These are more comfortable and sounds better thans some of the more
expensive earbuds that I have owned.
    Nice sound quality, the battery lasts a great amount of time, and they fit
great on the ear.
    This is an excellent and amazing product. Lightweight, good fitting, good
sound quality and lovely products. I’m very grateful!!
    Great sound quality and easy to set up. Love the ear hooks as this is the
only way the earbuds will stay in my ears.
    Sound good fits good in the ear and for the price its great don't need to
have both on at the. Same time.even better
    Sound quality is very good.  Comfortable in your ears too .
    Best quality at amazing price !
    I like that these have the hooks over the ears. Regular earbuds don't stay
in my ears. They are easy to use and have great sound for when I'm running. The
price point makes them a lot more accessible!
    Product arrived quickly which was excellent, sound was good! Comfortable!
Would recommend!!
    Good sound quality and easy to operate. I've had problems in the past with
earbuds falling out of my ear when I jump rope but these ones stay in my ear. I
would recommend these earbuds.
    I got the first set and the case didn’t work. Got the replacement in 2 days.
Great service and product.
    Excellent product, delivered on time and as described.Easy to use and pair.
I would definitely buy from this seller again.
    Very nice bluetooth easy to use nice product and easy to fit ears and best
sound quality and very good battery life
    The sound quality and battery life is amazing!! I’ve had mine for 2 weeks
now and still haven’t had to charge it. Fits very comfortably over my ears as
well. I love it and highly recommend to anyone!
    Good audio sound and noise cancelling ability.  The charging pod is
delicate; I feel like I'm going to wind up breaking it. Again, great set for the
price.
    Very happy with these. They fit comfortably, pair easily, and have good
clear sound quality. Love that the storage container is also the charger and
tells how much is left in the battery.
    I use headphones mostly for gardening, and outdoor activities.  I love how
these wrap your ear, the sound quality is great.  I'm love'n them.
    I really like it. Easily connection with iPhone. After I connect once, it
connects automatically every time I turn on the headphones. Great!!
    Great looking headphones with great sound and a nice case to recharge them
when on the go.
    I use them to do school work. I also listen to music and they have good
sound.
    This product sounds great and is very affordable. Fits well for workouts and
regular calls. You don't have to worry about it falling off. Awesome product.
    Great buds. Ticks all the boxes for quality and ease of use/connectivity.  I
would definitely recommend it to anyone.  Their service is top notch as well!
    Great headset
    I would recommend these. I like how they fit and sound. I use them when out
walking and they do not hurt my ears.
    Excellent sound quality, including solid bass.  I had a pair of PowerBeats 2
that died on me and these are very close to the sound quality for a lot less $$.
Battery life is nice as well.
    Sound quality very good. Better than expectedBattery life seems good since I
charged the.noise none great would recommend this to anyone
    I like the fact that you always know how much charge each earbuds have.  I
use them  mostly for music and the occasional  phone call. The sound is great.
    These have a great sound quality and don't fall out my ears like some others
I tried. A big plus is button on the side to control the volume.  Nice pair for
the money.
    I bought three bluetooyhs earbuds for my Christmas gifts and I am seeing
they have good quality, no noise is heard outside and can be used for music,
calls and videos.
    I love the product but it did stop charging and I received a new one in just
a few days! Great customer support!
    Love them easy to connect, sounds great,  and Very comfortable!!!
    It's just like the pictures online and fit really well. sound quality is
great for the gym or any place with some background noise.
    Did not like the sound quality on these. Everything was bassy and muddy, no
crispness to the sound.
    These overall were comfortable and seemed to work well with the exception of
the volume buttons. They were not functional on either side. I emailed customer
service and never heard back.
    Love these ear buds. I bought them for cycling and listening to music. These
are so great. So hi tech and fancy
    Very nice. Good sound. Comfortable.
    The earbuds are amazing the base is perfect and the sound is quality. The
battery is powerful too.
    I am well pleased awesome device glad I bought one for my husband and one
for myself . Two happy customers.  C
    Great sound and love the over the ear design.  Keeps the headphones in while
still no wires to get in the way.
    I like them a lot, sound is great.
    These headphones actually stay in my ear when others haven’t. The battery
life is great, the sound quality is great, I just wish I could turn the sound up
louder especially when I’m working out.
    Nice sound quality, easy to use and charge!
    Battery life is exactly what I need. The option of using one side at a time
doubles the listening time to 96 hours between case charges.
    Great sounding headphones
    They fit good in my ear and sound great, gets as loud as I need unlike other
earbuds that block them from getting to loud.
    Does not fall out of my ear! Main reason I got them.
    Charges fast, last for around 8 hours. overall you get what it says it will
do. I would love a longer battery life but most wireless cant run for 9+ hours
on a single charge. 5/5
    Pretty ho so far with no issues good sound
    My boyfriend loves these
    Arrived quickly and exactly what I was looking for.
    Paired easily and the sound is decent for the price
    I loved them , they sound great, quality is perfect , I can’t say nothing
but good things about it !!! I recommend them to my friends and family !! Very
happy with my purchase!!
    Love these earbuds! They stay in my ears and the sound quality is great.
    Great sound, easy to pair, stays in place
    Best i ever had
    I love these headphones
    Fantastic product.  I like these better than my wireless beats buds.  These
work as they should
    Awesome product great service! Great sound. They are amazing!
    So far I am really enjoying these headphones. They will work great for my
workouts!
    This product was easy to order fast shipping and it looks great and feels
amazing when using! Great product
    Excellent product at an incredible price
    Great quality headphones.  They charge quickly, have a great battery life,
pair quickly and easily and stay paired without dropping the connection, and
have good sound quality.
    Sound quality is good with noice cancellation and battery life is good.
    Very long battery life. I can talk for hours without having to charge the
earbuds. They are very comfortable
    Like it so far
    Everything about these is great. The sound quality is great. I can't hear ny
background noises. The battery last a very long time. Great product and great
price.
    Very comfortable. Easy to set up. Charge lasts a long time. Good sound
quality too
    Great quality at a great price!
    Good product - easy to use.
    High quality, very clear, and great audio quality
    It was super easy to connect. Sound quality is really clear. I bought a pair
for my husband previously and he really liked them. So I ordered a pair for
myself.
    Great product
    Bluetooth works great
    Great  fitExcellent customer service
    the product didn't work after one-time use, bad quilty. Also, the price is
very expensive I bought this item for $38. But now the price drop to $19. I
don't recommend buying this brand.
    easy to set up, easy to use once set up.nice sound quality and decent
battery life.  used it for a couple of hours at a time.  Plus the case holds a
charge if you are away from power.
    Got as a gift from stepson for Christmas and love them. The battery life
last about 8 hours allowing me to use them all day while working. They are
comfortable and have great sound quality.
    The sound quality is good, haven’t used the mic feature for calls. My only
problem is that the headphones lose their connection quite frequently.
    These are pretty great earbuds. I use them for exercise and never worry
about them falling out. The battery life is also excellent.
    Sometimes they “cut-out” when walking, but could be phone.
    Good sound quality, fits well in my ear, no problems wearing glasses.
    Sound good for price
    The headphones have been working great so far. I love the sound quality and
the way they settle on my ears. Good buy!
    Very comfortable and easy to pair with devices.
    I have only had these for 2 days, but I am impressed with the ease of setup
and use, I have not had to go to the instructions yet.
    I've put these through the ringer running outside in the winter almost every
day. Have seen zero issues so far unlike some other wireless headphones I've
had.
    This is much better than I expected and the sound is very good.but what I
like best is that you can use the right or left to control.its also price very
good.
    Sound could be louder for max setting
    They sound good and look nice. Easy to use and fit well, I use them for the
gym and haven't had any issues with them.
    Awesome headphones everything as described
    Great fit and sound
    Sound is great came very fast, easy open packaging, came charged and is
awesome
    Very good set of earbuds, they stay in even with rigorous exercise. The
quality of sound rivals that of top dollar pairs. I fell asleep with them on and
they kept on even after I woke up.
    Great love them
    I like that they included different sizes of ear buds. I have a smaller ear
so big buds have always been overwhelming.  The small buds really helped.
Comfortable ear phone.
    1 ear bud didn't work upon arrival.
    I have old headphone (Bluetooth) but has many issues to the point that I
need a new headphone. I saw this and decide to buy it. It was worth it on both
workout and school meetings (zoom).
    Sound is crisp, noise canceling, easy to set up and with the adjustable ear
pieces you don’t have to worry about them falling off
    Very nice headphones, excellent sound and good maximum volume with good
noise cancelation.
    They sound great/!
    These headphones delivered more than what I expected!! Definitely a great
buy!
    The sound is clear and sound proof. if you have not brought yourself one,
now is the time. i would recommend these devices to anyone who is looking for a
headphone and the price is right
    These headphones are pretty good to be so cheap. I love that there is no
wire, and I can just use one earbud when need be. The bass is pretty good too...
overall, I got my money’s worth.
    I wish the sound volume and quality was a bit better but all in all it works
just fine has a very long battery life
    Very easy to sync with phone, great sound quality and battery life
    Charge pretty quickly and fit good.
    Very comfortable, sound is good, exactly as advertised.
    They are constantly saying power on. The left head phone turns off and on
probably 10-15 times in about 5 min. Super annoying. Please for gods sake, buy a
different pair of head phones.
    Good so far!
    Sound is ok, not great. Also hurts my ears, not a fan of the design.
    for totally wireless earbuds there super loud well built and battery last a
long time fully recommend
    Great sound quality.  Noise cancelling could be better. When using with
phone, callers hear all background sounds.
    These bluetooth earbuds are great. I can hear clearly when I walk away from
my phone and others say they can hear fine as well.
    Good quality, easy online registration.  Looking forward to using at the
gym.
    Great product and quality of sound
    North cancellation is excellent the battery life super
    Very comfortable
    The Sound Quality Is Excellent!! Just What I Was Looking For..Cancels Out
Noise Great & The Battery Life Is Great & Case Stays Charged For A Long Time
Also
    Excellent product! Fits well and has good sound quality. Very pleased with
this product!
    I purchased these as a gift for my father he uses them when he goes to the
gym. He says the sound quality is great & they are noise canceling
    The quality is great, and the sound is fantastic. Was.able to enjoy good
music while mowing my lawn.
    I bought these wireless headphones to be able to run in them and the
earpiece and piece that goes over the ear are comfortable. I enjoy them
    great quality and sound!
    great sound....plug and play....very comfy....great charging box
    I've been using them a week. So far, I'm loving them.
    I wear these at work. They have a good sound to them.
    I like these, the sound is awesome and they fit well.
    Work and sound great with the uses of them that I've had so far.
    Package came very quickly. Earbuds were easy to set up and pair to any
device. Sound quality is very good. For the price and quality of product, I'd
say definitely worth the purchase.
    To date these are the best workout buds I have ever owned. They stay in
place and sound great. They work great while on the phone and conference calls
as well. I would recommend them.
    Great quality like being in a theater. Drowns out background noise!
    Comfortable fit, very good sound quality & it lasts for a while. Thank you!
    Love the comfortable fit
    Great. Comfortable and within my price range. I use them while riding
motorcycle.  Clear sound with lots of bass
    Fit snugly inside my weirdly shaped ear canals, blocks unwanted noise. Love
the dual feature so I can just use one and still have an ear free at the gym.
    Product works like a charm. Love that the case shows its battery percentage
and the battery levels of each ear bud. Very good buy... You won't regret it.
    Battery life is amazing and makes working out easier.  Comfortable fit
around my ear. Great volume.
    Great battery life. Easy to pair and use. Great sound. Good price!  Feel
more secure in my ears than pods and don’t fall out.
    Just received, Great sound quality, cool case, very comfortable
    Great set of earphones!
    Very comfortable to use
    These have great sound quality, and the battery life is definitely good.
They fit very well too, definitely happy with these!
    I just got this item a 2 days ago. It's quite good. Battery life is good.
The fit is good. The sound is a bit better than average. For the price of it I'm
satisfied. Would recommend.
    Awesome earbuds. I had only had them for a day, but I can already tell I'll
love them.
    Tienen buena calidad, se escuchan bien y se adaptan bien a la oreja. La
batería de la cajita dura hasta 2 días.
    Very happy that I purchased these headphone to use them in my virtual
learning as a teacher. Clear voice and enjoy the distance that they give me away
from my computer
    So far so good. They don't fall from my ears while running which was a major
issue with past ones.
    Love these headphones, they are lightweight and easy to set up. Customer
service was also amazing,  they answer all of your questions in a timely manner
    Like the sound quality
    I am very happy with these headphones the sound quality is great and the
battery life is also for being Tru wireless i definitely recommend these
headphones and would buy them again
    Good earbuds for my 11 year old
    Long battery life. Good quality
    Received fast sound quality is great and love the battery life
    I’m very happy. These headphones are exactly what I needed and exactly as
advertised!
    The sound quality is excellent. The battery lifeand noise cancellation is
great. It is convenient for me when driving or movement in or outside the house.
    I can split the headphones into separate right and left components and my
wife and I can listen to a podcast simultaneously while hiking.
    These earbuds have great sound, fit & noise cancelling. I really love the
compact size, ease of charging and the battery life is amazing.
    Smaller then my other set. And great sound quality we had them for just over
3 months.  And my set will not take a change. While the other set is still
working great.
    My wife loves the earphones. She can walk around the house and listen to her
books. The earphones have a good battery life.
    Does what it’s supposed to. No deep base or anything but the sound is clear
and not like a tin can sound or cheap headphone sound. It can go really loud
when turned all the way up.
    A really nice pair of headphones, and good quality
    Daughter reallyLoves them better than any other brand she has had.
    The sound quality is great and the earbuds are surprisingly comfortable.
    Great quality, sound is clear even while my landscaping machines are on!
    Good sound performance and fast pairing. One of the few ear buds that allow
the ability to turn off one ear bud at a time.
    Fancy, look amazing and have digital display for the battery % status.Also
you can hear everything clearly and loud.
    These are so easy to pair and use and the sound is amazing!!
    These headphones are awesome for the price! My dad was thoroughly pleased
with them.
    Love the sound quality and the fact that the earbuds let you know the
battery life.
    Gifted this to my brother and he absolutely loves them. Very affordable
wireless headphones that look just like the picture and sound as good as the
expensive ones.
    These work really well and are a great price. Wish they came in more colors
though.
    My grandson really liked them. He mainly wanted more comfortable in his ears
and these were. He thought the sound was a lot better than his old ones.
    For the price, they are a great deal. Really like that they can be used
individually as well. Sound quality is very good.
    Awesome headphones already a favorite for the gym. Sounds clear and strong,
battery life solid. Great value at this price
    They’re amazing. And the ear hook makes them feel a lot more secure than any
other ones I’ve used. No more paranoia about having one drop in the grass if I
turn my head too fast.
    Has good distance, and the battery life is good enough for my work shift.
However mine do not last 48hrs. I wish they were a little louder but they're
good enough.
    The sound quality is excellent. Everything is working fine without any
issues. The battery last  long time. Noise cancellation is working fine.Great
product!
    The Sound was great and the battery life is great I wish the noises
cancelling party was a little better but overall best pair of earbuds especially
for its price!
    These things are great, they stay in my ear and plenty loud for me. Best buy
ever.
    Works well
    Easy to pair and the sound is great.  Hopefully the battery life is as good
as they say it is.
    These are comfortable ear buds.  I usually have trouble using earbuds
because they fall out of my ears.  These fit my ears well and do not fall out.
    These are so sleek and cool looking. I can’t wait to feel expensive wearing
these.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Super comfortable, the
don’t move from your ear, they sound very well and are easy to use....I highly
recommend them, I love them...
    Perfect for travel
    Very nice earbuds.
    Super comfy and lightweight
    Great dealConfortable
    Great product for the price
    Great value and they sound great. Fit is good. Really work well at the gym.
    Excelente producto. Muy comodo y ergonomico. No se sie te en la oreja
    I got these earbuds yesterday and they are by far the best i've tried. Great
at sound cancelation and battery life. 100% recommended.
    I like headphones that hook onto my ear for extra security and peace of mind
and these do all of that. Been happy with this purchase.
    I use the earbuds while walking/running on the treadmill. They stay in place
and sound great.
    Great quality so far. I bought them yesterday and got them today, so I loved
the fast delivery. The communication was super easy and friendly as well.
    Very easy to connect to phone. Sound is clear and all for cheap price.
Highly recommend for frequent traveler like me !
    the packaging is awesome. the feel for the headset is also good and syncing
between the 2 headsets is perfect. only issue is the feel of the button, but its
not a deal breaker.
    I love the headphones hood quality and fancy casa design!
    Very comfortable to use and the sound is great
    Very good quality. They cancel out the noise and the volume is great
    I was looking for a new pair of headphones and came across these online.
They looked intriguing and had just what I was looking for.
    So far so good.  Nice set. Great display of battery life of case and
earbuds.Well done
    My TV recognize the device right away. I use this to keep the noise level
down at night time
    Listening to books
    I had a different earbuds brand before and this one is much better.  Battery
life is much better and there is no problem pairing these earbuds.  I would
highly recommend it 👌
    He loves his new earbuds.
    Fit get and paired easily
    These are very good headphones for the price. They are comfortable and don’t
fall out when biking or walking.
    They sound great!  Best Bluetooth earbuds ever!
    The sound quality was excellent
    Really great headphones. I love the individual charge. I love these ear
buds. The sound quality is really great and they keep a charge.
    I have used these earbuds for two straight weeks and have enjoyed every
moment listening to them.
    When I talk on the bluetooth its very clear and my music sound really good.
I bought one for myself and one for a friend as a gift.
    Comfortable,  pair easily, good sound quality.  I used them to listen to
music.
    Replaced a very expensive pair of earbuds with these Occiam buds.  Great
choice as they do everything I need them to do and work very well.
    They fit perfectly and stay in place while I work. They have had no issues
with the drastic temperature change from the freezer to the Florida heat. Great
sound.
    I purchased this item to be wireless.  I am very happy with the product.  I
especially enjoy the case charging.  Makes travel easy
    Independent volume control prefect for single earpiece use when on the job
and still want to hear your surroundings while listening to music without loss
of volume adjusting
    Love the headphones, great sound.
    I love these!! They fit perfectly and i feel they are secure as I am moving
around!I just received them today and they were precharged snd ready to go!!
    The are great.
    easy set up great sound
    Superb headphones. Extremely comfortable and quality matches up to high end
headphones. Clarity and sounds are also excellent. For the price, this is a
steal!
    Love the easy to follow directions on connection and the simplicity of using
them after the initial connect.
    Very easy to pair and works good!
    Really easy to set up and use which is nice because I'm not at all tech
savvy. In terms of volume, they get pretty loud and I find that they stay in
place when working out.
    I have trouble with in ear buds staying in place, so I love the over_the_ear
feature.  Easy to use and sound great.
    Comfortable.  Good sound.  Hoping they are just want I need.  I LOVE using
these at the gym.  Bluetooth stays connected in all parts of the gym.
    So far so good. Super easy set up. Stays on ears well
    Sound quality is great
    Nice head phones.  Don't have use both.  Nice gift.  Thank you!!
    Very good product, I didn’t expect this qualityVery easy to use and it’s
very light on the ears
    Great Bluetooth headphones for at home work and working out! I love how the
case tells you how much its charged. So far so good!
    I received these last Thursday so I don't no how they will hold up.but the
fit is good and the sound is very clear, no problem with them
    It has great sound quality and easy to use but mainly they are sooo
comfortable. They are definitely worth it, I for sure will purchase again.
    Nice fit good sound.  Would recommend and buy again.
    Very nice product good sound very comfortable. Listen at work for 8 hours a
dayWould recommend. Good sound quality,noise cancellation and battery life
    I use these primarily for audible books and am pleased with product so far.
    Sound quality is better than I could have
    Just knock off trash save your money get name brand p.o.s head phone case
doesn't charge back up so you roughly get a few days before it just becomes a
paper weight
    Like the way they fit my ears and the sound quality is amazing.
    I can't believe how good the quality is for the price. They are really
comfortable and the sound quality is great! Super easy to connect too!
    Great quality for the price!!!
    Comfortable fit, sounds great!
    It is great service and good headphones!
    They fit nicely in my ears and do not fall out during my runs.
    Great Earbuds. Got these for Zoom calls and mic is very clear.
    Great pair of Bluetooth earbuds for the price point
    Sound is great!Spelling in the manual and the box is not so good though...
    I am very please. These are comfortable and I am surprised at the battery
life so far.
    Bought these for my wife for Christmas. She’s happy with them.
    Works well
    I love these headphones! Very clear. Compact. Fit great! I love the case!
    Great price. East connection. Highly recommend.
    I like this product
    Great sound. Fits comfortably on my ears. Great battery life.
    These are great! They will stay on while I run or work out. Best fitting
pair of wireless headphones I've found for exercise.
    I just started using them today and I can already tell the quality sound is
higher. I would recommend this to someone if they are looking for budget
wireless earphones.
    The sound quality of these headphones is great! Very clear sound and VERY
deep base. I love how comfy these headphones are as well. They fit perfectly
around my ears!!!
    Multiple ear bud charges with one case charge equals many hours of quality
listening.
    These truly wireless earbuds are awesome. They don't fall out and have great
sound. For the price, you can't go wrong. I would recommend these to anyone.
    Satisfied with purchase
    Very very comfortable! I had them in for hours, and just forgot I had them
on. And the sound is perfectly balanced. Definitely would recommend!
    Love these as my new running headset!!
    Very good quality.
    Sound is amazing !
    Very good quality.
    Bought these for my sons birthday. He absolutely adores them. Sound is
clear, loves the case and how it displays the charge.
    The headphones are amazing. They sound great and are comfy on the ears.
Definitely worth the price compared to other brands.
    Great quality headphones with crystal clear sound and solid bass! I really
like the feature of the battery indicator on the charging case.
    Great cheap alternative for headphones
    This is the only earbud that stays in my ear. Don't have to worry about
losing them.
    I enjoy using these, I’ve tried a few other ones on the market, and these
are most satisfactory for the price!
    I didn't like that it didn't last long like thay said and once you pair you
have to pair over and over lising to music is fine but rhe phone not to much
    Fast shipping, good product
    Love the ease of use and that they are wireless.
    The freedom and over the ear security
    The sound is great and on par of the expensive earbuds.  Thank you for the
earbuds.
    Bought this for my parents. They were very happy with the performance.
    The sound quality and noise cancelation as well as the fit is perfect.
    Nice battery life,doesn’t suddenly drop the connection and a nice bass
    Great pair of headphones with a wonderful battery life and sound quality. I
love the wireless part. I had to have not had those yet and these make it very
enjoyable!
    From the minute I opened the box I was excited and surprised at the quality
of and presentation given by this company. They definitely know how to give a
wow factor!
    Great price, very good value. Sound is very exceptional for the price.
    I just received the Occiam wireless earbuds and they are doing great
    I use thid for bluetooth phone converstions and listening to Audio books.
sound is clear and they have good battery life.  Definitely worth the money.
    Perfect Christmas present
    At least I found what I am looking for ( after 5hrs I feel a little pain in
my ear, it was the first time, I will monitor this behavior). So far, I like it
3.89/5 .
    Good sound quality.  Not sure about the battery life yet due to only having
them a short time.
    They stay in my ear for extended periods of time. I danced with them not one
flew off my ears.
    Sound quality is excellent, charges quickly and they fit snug, no worries of
them falling out.
    Very pleased with high quality appearance, sound, and price of product!
Andy Speck
    Seems to be of good quality. Packing material was above average. Soft
plastic earbuds fit nicely to my ears
    item works as advertised
    Love that these are wireless! They work great
    Very pleased!! Great sound and great battery life! Unnoticeable fit!
    Good headphones. I think the sound quality is great for the price, and I
like that they clip over your ears. I can wear them for hours and my ears don't
get tired!
    I have tried numerous wireless headphones, these are by far the best. Great
sound and they stay secure in my ears any when exercising.
    Sounded great!
    Very good sound. Fit my ears good. I use it for every day use. The battery
life is good also.
    Not even two months in and sound goes in and out on both
    Purchased these hoping for better and more secure fit around the ear. Works
great
    It paired with my phone very easy im not a tech guy but I did it with no
troble.
    Earbuds fit well on the ear and it provides quality sound. Bass is deep as
well.
    I really loved the sound quality, noise cancellation and overall they are
great!
    The sound quality is what I love most. It’s amaaazzinnngggg! I also love
that it can form around your ear; definitely helpful when going to the gym!
    very nice so far. gonna give it a few more days to see how i feel about
these headphones but so far I really like them for the price I got them for.
    I love that all I hear is my favourite songs and I the sound is amazing.. I
love them.. So comfortable to wear.. I'm so excited that I have them.. Love love
them..
    Excellent sound quality! Amazing!
    Very pleased with my new bluetooth head set
    These earbuds  are very comfortable. They charge pretty quick and don’t fall
off of my ears.
    Love the sound quality. They dont hurt my ears and they stay in while i work
out. Love them.
    Good quality for the price. Some static occasionally, but minor. FITS in my
ear! Most don't.
    Quality headphones at a affordable price. Sounds great.
    Loved these ear phones! They are great for working out!
    They have overall good quality sound, super ease of use especially for using
one ear at a time and the call quality is really good as well with a good
microphone!
    Great sound!!
    Awesome product and worth the money
    Fits great. Very easy to use the charging case. Love the digital readout
with charge percentage. Really compact. Sound quality is wonderful for such a
small item.
    At first I got the completely wrong product but Amazon returns helped out a
lot. I got the new ones and I'm just starting to use them but they sound great
so far
    Great earbuds for the active person.  Sound is excellent, long battery life
with charging case, and has a firm yet comfortable grip.
    La carga en el case es muy rápido, son muy livianos y elegantes. Los
audífonos son muy livianos y también el sonido es espectacular.
    Bought this for my husband to use.  He loves that you can alternate the left
or right earbud and use each one as a separate headset.
    Sound is great, love the music controls, good customer service too
    Love the case and the sound quality!
    Blown away by the sound quality for music and calls so far. I would
definitely recommend these to anyone.Incredible bang for my buck so far.
    Love these wireless headphones, bluetooth connection is great and the
earbuds stay in my ears perfectly.
    Good so far real snug
    This is great product, just as advertised.
    I love these headphones. It's very comfortable, with great sound.
    Easy to use and the sound quality is good.Happy with this purchase.I can
choose to use both or one.
    Really like the battery life display and the sound quality overall. Noise
cancellation could be alittle better but would buy again.
    I bought my dad these because his old ones broke. He loves how they are
completely wireless. Also, the charging case is convenient!
    As expected
    Very comfortable fit, sound quality is amazing, and the price was just
right.
    It’s a really good product, it last a long time and doesn’t fall out of your
ears easily. I strongly recommend it for people who work long hours.
    Absolutely love it perfect for people with small ears the sound is amazing
definitely worth the money!!
    Works great and fits great. Hard to find ones that will fit due to my small
ears. Sound quality is awesome.
    Live the hard, sleek look to this beautiful device... Without with these bad
boys on and chat while I'm at work with my loved ones... Thumbs up!!
    They are very professional looking ear buds, and do a great job lasting as
far as battery life, in addition to its noise cancelling qualities. Would buy
again!
    So so good. I,very had it for about a month. It keeps battery life for up to
three days.  I use it for jogging and I  am impressed
    It’s hard for me to find these that fit my small ears. These are perfect and
comfortable!
    No issue so far, they connected really easy, they charge fast. And they are
really user friendly. No complaints and they didn't cost an arm and a leg.
Perfect.
    Love this!
    The Earbuds are excellent and my dealings with Occiam's customer service
has been exceptional.  Would highly recommend this company and product to my
friends.
    great running buds!
    I love that you can only use one earbud when needed. Sound is better when
both are being used. It charges quickly, great fit around the ears. Highly
recommend
    The battery last long and the noise level is great, you can hear everything
loud and clear. The case looks pretty nice. I can just put it in my pocket and
go.
    No issues. Worked well right out the box
    GOOD OVERALL SOUND EASY TO USE GOOD BASS
    Just got these and they are really good!
    Great quality. Fit perfect. Sound great!
    I’ve tried a few of the less expensive Bluetooth ear buds. So far this is
the nicest. Doesn’t fall out of my ear. Sounds good.  The charger case is quite
nice
    The sound quality is amazing for the price. Been looking for a pie of
wireless earbuds for a while since my wired ones get caught on everything
    I got these ear buds as a Christmas gift. The sound quality is great.
Battery life seems to last long
    The quality is horrible.
    I love the product is presented. The earbuds are quite comfortable. And they
do blackouts the surrounding sound.Earbuds have a good sound
    These are overall good headphones. I personally enjoy bluetooth headphones
better than regular ones. These are comfortable, they stay in place and work
well.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I love them because I can
watch Tv at night without bothering anyone.
    Like the way they stay in my ears and the quality of the sound
    Fit is much better than expected, easily connected, great sound, would
highly recommend
    I like the fit, the sound, the battery life and charge time. They also
connect very easily. I dislike that I can't control the volume from the
earphones.
    Sound quality is great. Simple to configure. Best Bluetooth purchase ever.
    Just got them in today and plan on running them trough the ringer to test.
    These headphones are comfortable to wear and have great sound. They were a
good value for the price.
    Great value, no weird bugs, good sound. Seamless pick up and play. Only
complaint is I wish the bluetooth distance was stronger
    I love how crisp the feedback is and how you can use one piece at a time if
you want while the other is charging.
    For the price you can’t go wrong. Sound quality is good and easy to pair. So
far very pleased with this purchase.
    All noise is cancelled out!
    Great easy to use Bluetooth wireless headphones. User friendly for 65+ years
old. Got it as a gift for my mom and she loves it.
    So far so good.Battery life appears to be as advertised, and the sound
quality is good.
    I like battery life. also voice quality. sound also very good it was amazing
products . and best qualitythank you
    Great product!I use it every chance I get!!!Sleek design and light weight
    Great product!I use it every chance I get!!!Sleek design and light weight
    These are great headphones. Comfortable, great sound and the battery life is
amazing.
    Easy to connect via bluetooth and batter/quality sound are great for my
outdoor runs!
    Great headphones. Only problem is that they not cancel background noise.
    Good little ear buds with a nice case
    It's pretty good I like it, the audio is so good, I don't see any problem,
as well as the case it's working pretty well. It's the best headphones I've got.
    Great! Exactly what I was looking for
    Excellent product. Noise cancelling is good, battery life is good, fast
shipping, and packaging was very nice and neat. I'm very pleased with my
purchase.
    These earbuds are excellent. The sound quality is great and they stay in
place even during heavy exercise. Highly recommend!!
    I can leave my phone anywhere in the house and still hear clearly. They stay
securely in my ears while doing chores etc. Yay!
    These are great
    The sound quality is very good with these earbuds. The base is good, and the
audio call quality has been clear.
    These headphones are simple to pair and user friendly. I'm happy with the
price and the quality of the product.
    Love them, easy to pair, easy to charge, comfortable to wear and nice sound
quality.
    Pairs up nice and quickly
    Excellent sound quality, these are my first Bluetooth speakers and I love
them the battery life is great and they stay on my ears very well
    These wireless BT earbuds are great. I do telehealth and these allow me to
work handsfree on a call. I love them! Great buy for your money.
    Comfy
    Great quality! better then most of the $70 headphones I've had before! And
at a really good price
    Usb type c less likely to break, little large on the case but worth it.
    Great sound and comfort easy pairing great price battery life is awsome
    Estoy muy contenta con el producto, es fácil de usar, le dura mucho tiempo
la batería y  se carga en poco tiempo, pero lo mejor es que tiene buen sonido.
    Great ear buds
    great sound!!!
    It's helpful for me if I want to go to the bathroom or go downstairs to the
kitchen while my laptop is still running the meeting upstairs.
    Amazing sound!
    I like the size of it , and it's stylish to!👍
    Super easy to pair. Almost automatic.Comfy. Still figuring everything out.
Love em so far.
    I can hear and speak nice and clear
    Truly a great and affordable product. I was very happy with the sound
quality and the fit around my ear, I bought a pair for my Dad and it was a great
gift!
    Just received the headphones, the sound is great, fit is comfortable, and
the case works well too. Have not used long enough to comment on battery life.
    Bought for working at home nd didn't want a clunky headset to answer calls
nd listen to music. For great and sounds awesome
    Great sounds, fits well and sleek! Definitely recommend!!
    Earbuds are very comfortable!. Had an initial issue with case charging
correctly. Emailed Customer Service and they replaced immediately.
    My daughter loves them!
    Works great just as I had expected
    So, worth the money. These were a great gift.
    Ordered easily, shipped quickly, good quality
    I like the sound and they didn’t fall out of my ears while exercising
    Pretty solid headphones with a great look.The only thing missing is that it
doesn't really have bass. And the ear cushions could be larger.
    The sound quality is Superb! + Good price, Comfortable, easy to use and they
stand in place, after using many brands this is the one i’m sticking with.
    Great product fits comfortably and has great battery life. I like that you
can charge the case.
    Got these for work while I’m driving and on ladders. They are great and
there’s no fear of them falling out.
    The description of the earbuds said that they have a great run time. I can
say they have about a 4hr runtime
    amazing bass
    These ear pods have great quality
    Comfortable,  great sound, stays connected at 30ft range
    Excellent product, they fit well and the sound quality is better than
expected. The delay due to the bluetooth connection is not as bad as other
devices.
    Very good headphones. I use them for my tv while the kids are sleeping.
Sound quality is good, and battery life is pretty decent as well
    That's a great quality
    Great for on the go activities and workouts!
    Surprised by the quality. They seem to provide great sound and were easy to
pair with my phone
    Its a gift for my husband and he absolutely love it. Everything abt this
Bluetooth is amazing.
    Excellent value for the price.  Easy to use and program.  Sound quality is
good with long life
    Sound quality and user friendly plus long or extended power charged.
    I love these earbuds. The sound quality as well as the noise cancellation is
great. You can even use them to exercise. I'm satisfied with the product.
    I really like the sound quality of these headphones and the fact that you
can listen to your music with one earbud going.
    For the gym
    Easy to connect. Beautiful sound
    Sound quality is very sharp! I recommend anyone to buy.
    So far these are well loved.  Curious how they will hold up running in the
rain.
    Easy to use
    Just as expected.  Great buy for the price!
    I bought these headphones because I have problems keeping them in my ears.
These are great because the hook onto my ears
    Easy to set up and sound great. Not bulky and don’t hurt my ears. Sound
quality is superb. Would recommend
    Work great
    I would buy it again
    So far I dislike nothing about the product
    Excellent earbuds at an amazing low price!
    Very happy
    Great headphones for the price
    Still getting used to each headphone being individually controlled,  but I'm
very happy with how they stay in my ear and sound great!
    If you're looking for wireless earbuds that are a comfortable fit, stay in
place, and produce good sound, try these! Love them!
    These earbuds are great! They don't move around or fall out of my ears which
happens often with other earbuds for me. And the sound quality is great!
    Good quality sound!
    It worked just fine
    Super happy with these headphones so far!
    love that they last me all day without having to recharge them constantly
just to use them.
    The product looks and sounds great!! Delivery  was really fast!!!
    Easy to use and very comfortable to wear! Good sound quality too!
    I bought them recently for my dad so he could use it for the gym. But, its
been less than a month and already one side of the earphones are broken.
    I really like the volume, especially having real buttons.  The digital
display on the charger indicating remaining battery life is a great feature!
    These headphones are great. They fit nice and snug so they don’t pop out and
they even block out background noise. Would definitely purchase again.
    Just got these.  Comfortable, easy to use and sound great!  I can’t even
tell they are in my ears.  Sounds like I’m listening without earphones in.
    Setup was simple and easy. They're very comfortable to wear and the sound
quality is amazing for the price I paid for them. Happy with my purchase.
    Exactly what I 've been looking for sound quality is great.  The fit is
great.  If I truly get 8 hours of play time as advertised they are perfect!
    This earbud is comfortable and good for using at sport and sleep.
    Light weight sound in great for the price
    Great bass, good quality. Way better than I expected them to be.
    I was extremely pleased with this purchase. The sound is great and the
battery life is surprisingly long. Glad I bought these and would buy again.
    Great price, comfortable fit with the loop that secures the headphones
around  your ears. Bluetooth connection is seamless love these  headphones.
    Great sound.  Easy to use. Happy with this purchase!
    Worked well right out of the box. The first thing I noticed was the good fit
on my ears and solid bass. They are well built and do not feel cheap.
    Great earphones but the volume on the ear piece doesn't work for me. Too
much work to get it exchanged.
    Love the sound and display easy to connect
    The bass and sound are pretty smooth, and the variable size buds make it so
nice to make sure they don't irritate my ears. Perfect.
    Seems to be great quality and the battery life lasts much longer than many
other Bluetooth headphone. Very happy with the purchase!
    Easy to pair. Comfortable. Loved lifetime warranty.
    The sound in the earphones is amazing. They are so comfortable. I love them.
    They sound great!
    I am fully satisfied with the product. One can definitely notice sound
quality of these headphones. I will surely purchase more of your products.
    Works nicely with OnePlus 8T
    Great sound and fits nicely
    These headphones are great! The sound quality is amazing and they magnetic
charging case is perfect! Such great quality and price!
    easy to connect. Very good sound quality. They are very comfortable.
Sometimes I even forget that I am wearing them.
    Iam happy with this product
    Great product. Great value!
    These are perfect for me. Compact and good quality
    I love the feel and look.  Great sound and good battery life.  Id recommend
    Great headphones
    Love the product
    Great headphones
    Like that one earbud can be used at a time. I use it while cleaning and
working at home.
    Good sound, easy to use, modern design
    Great customer service. Responds fast.
    Nice headphones! Exactly what i needed
    Sound quality is great even when you only have one in your ear
    Fast charging. Comfortable. Long battery life. Convenient storage box.
    Great sound. Headphones do not fall off while running. Pairs to your phone
as soon as the headphones are taken out of the box. Highly recommend.
    I’ve had these for a couple of days now and so far they have been as
advertised. I connected them to my laptop so that I could do zoom meetings.
    The fit was good, they paired quickly and have great sound quality.
    Package arrived earlier than expected!! So easy to set up and love the case
that charges the earbuds!
    The wife and l love the working distance and battery life. Very impressed
with the quality and price!
    I like charging case and instructions are understandable. Comfortable fit on
ear buds. Auto pairing when initial pairing is done.
    While not as loud as I hoped, the noise cancelling makes it so I don’t have
to have them all the way up to tune out distractions.
    I'm very like the earbuds.
    They pair quickly and the sound is crystal clear.
    Great Purchase!
    They're exactly what I was looking for shipping was fast and customer
service is great.
    I love these earbuds!  Sound quality is great and they are very comfortable
in my ears.
    Solid and what I need to jam and run.
    For the price, these are pretty good.
    Hard to figure out the the charging system.
    These headphones are great for the price! Great quality and would recommend
this to anyone who wants quality earbuds without a hefty price tag!
    It fits perfectly on my ear without falling out,super awesome
    Very nice piece w/o breaking the bank. Aesthetic and sound are on point.
Getting and staying connected is straight forward.
    Use this for lots of zoom and working out.  Sweat resistant, pairs easily,
and charges in the case.  Great product
    Great sound. Each ear bud is a perfect fit for my ears without worry of them
falling out. Comes with a nice sleek charging case.
    They work really well so far I've had no issues.
    Disconnects randomly but comfortable
    The sound quality is good for the price. It has a good battery life and you
can charge the case and then share the headphone to stay on the go
    These headphones work very well and last a long time before needing to be
recharged. They charge pretty fast too.
    Great volume, sits well while working out, easy connecting to Bluetooth and
holds the charge for a very long time
    They do the job without costing much.
    Too early to tell if it noise cancellation works, I’ll try it at the
airport.But they are very comfortable. Good quality.
    These earbuds are exactly what I was looking for wireless, easy to use,
waterproof and won't fall out of my ears.  Great price!
    Looks great, works great
    The headphones left side ear stop working.
    Love so far! Super comfortable and great sound. Excited to try on a run.
    Easy to pair to my phone. Sound quality is top notch and wow... amazing
battery life.
    These are great!  Got them in the evening paired them up, put the on and
went on a nice long walk.  Didn't fidget with them, they stayed put!
    Love the ear buds. They were exactly as described. I haven’t had them long
so I cannot comment on the battery life. Everything else is great.
    Only used once so far. So far good.
    The headphones are wonderfully priced for the quality you receive. They fit
perfectly and are great for workouts
    Fit Well, Sounded Great
    Good product
    Easy to charge. These look great! Happy with my  purchase.
    Comfortable & easy to set up.  Love that you can use just one or both.
Great value.
    Sounds quality is good  noise cancelation is very terrible battery life good
just not great pair products earbuds.
    These are great! Love how the don’t fall out and the sound is great. Nice
base. Love using them while spinning!
    This product is outstanding. Easy to use and designed with comfort in mind.
Definitely recommend!
    For the price I had some are not a bad deal at all they have pretty good
sound quality the battery life is absolutely amazing
    Just got these today and they sound great.  Batteries lasted all day on the
initial charge.  Will update after further usage.
    Love the sound quality
    I am so happy with these earphones. And the battery life is very good.
    Great earbuds at a great price. Sound is great and they fit perfectly.
    I like this earbud it connects to my phone fast. I can hear with one or both
earbud.
    Light and very easy to charge and connect to phone.
    Really easy to setup and use! I was actually impressed with how well it
cancels noise for something under $50!
    Works great for calls and that is all I needed. Paired with my pixel 3 a
which can be tricky with some brands.
    Just got the headphones and tried them. The quality is good and noise
cancelling is what I need.
    Fits well and sound quality is good. Comparable to branded headsets.Great
value for money.
    Earbuds are very comfortable, quality sound and noise cancelation and
battery life is great. I highly recommend this product
    So far they are great
    These are very amazing for working out I recommend them 10/10
    Not had them for long but so far everything is great. Would definitely
recommend. Will update after I own for a while if anything changes.
    I use these when I workout and they are great! Fit great, don't fall out,
connect quickly, charging case is cool and they sound great too!
    I love the product it is very comfortable to use , it is the way I was
looking for
    Great item
    So far so good. They are also a good fit for my small ears. Battery life is
really good.
    Absolutely love these headphones. Perfect fit and price. Battery life is
long and noise quality is perfect. So far so good.
    Good sound for the $
    Exactly what I need.
    They look good and arrived on time. Will update about other features
    I really like them! They are comfy and stay put! The sound is great.
    Nicely packaged, quick arrival, easy setup.
    So far these earbuds are great! I love that there’s no connecting wire
between them so when I’m running it’s one less thing to deal with!
    Great for the price. Charge is quick and holds for awhile. They fit a little
loose, but that's about it. Worlds better than my powerbeats
    Perfect. Just what my husband is looking for. Great battery life to last all
day!
    Nice buds
    Fit great
    Sturdy and great sound quality!
    I love it
    I bought the set for workout and I really enjoy the quality of the sound as
well as how they fit in my ears.
    I love these headphones.  The quality is great and they have a long battery
life.  I highly recommend them!!
    Gave as a gift.. Works really well and might get a pair for myself!
    Have not tried it yet, but seems promising
    Fantastic headphones! Good call quality, great battery life, and volume is
perfect for working out. Comfortable enough to even sleep in!
    I started using them out of the box. Sound is great and it's so nice not
having to worry about hanging wires! Battery life is good too!!
    Sound quality is excellent. They will not fall out of your ear.  The run
time is more than most headphones.
    Product has great sound quality and it comfortable to wear during workouts!
Noise cancelling is incredible!
    Great buds. Very comfortable to wear. Wonderful sound. And mic works great.
Recommend buying.
    In shorts words, this is exactly what I was looking for. Great sound, price
and also so comfortable while doing exercise.
    The only thing I dislike about this product is that you cannot answer the
phone with both earpieces at the same time only one at a time
    These headphones have GREAT sound quality and block the noise of my 4
children while I'm listening to music and studying.  I love them!
    Es perfecto lo recomindo muy comodo de usar y excelente sonido .
    Bought these for my husband and he is highly impressed with the fit and
noise cancellation.  Would definitely buy again!!
    I do enjoy the product it fits easily in my ears and I am able to wear all
day.
    Great product, quick delivery
    It fits very snug in my ear and sound quality is great. Going to work out in
them tomorrow morning and I am an avid sweater when I run.
    the case is really nice to have to carry the headset.
    Headphones drop calls alot. Not happy with it at all.
    Use for working out, great at keeping out the noises.
    Just got it and the sound quality is great. Also, the noise cancellation is
fantastic when your in line waiting to vote.
    Nice fit on my ear, very light weight and doesn’t make my ear sore after
wearing it all day.
    Comfort
    Highly recommend.
    Perfect for price
    These headphones are great for my workouts! They stay in place. Sound is
good.
    For the price you cannot go wrong.  Fit well and stay in my ear while
cycling.
    love the fit, sound and length of the battery life on these awesome ear
buds!!
    Comfortable and easy to use.
    Great product . Very easy to use they hold on great!
    GREAT PRODUCT, beautiful sound and very Comfortable.
    Cannot get but one headphone to pair! Very frustrating as my husband needs
these for work!!
    I like the sound and the easy Bluetooth connection.  However, battery life
is not the best.
    These handphones are great for the price. They hold a charge for a long time
and the sound quality is pretty good for $30 headphones.
    Sound quality is excellent. Useage not yet sufficient to evaluate noise
cancellation and battery life. Setup quick and easy.Very nice
    Its good quality
    i love the look and feel of the headset
    Great sound. Long battery life.  Can’t hear my siblings when they talk to
me.
    Solid
    So far so good with theses.
    I'm looking forward to hearing great sound quality.
    I'm not one to write reviews but really like theses
    Bought these for my father for Christmas. He really likes them, the sound
quality is good and battery life is good too
    stays on my ear
    Look good and very durable
    Secure fit comfortable and good sound.
    These headphones are awesome. My moms Apple Airpods usually fall out, but
these headphones stay intact.
    Good value for price, sound quality good,not much noise cancelation but
great for working out. Exactly what I wanted.
    These ear buds are of great quality, superb sound, wonderful battery life,
comfortable to wear and are a great value.
    These headphones havevgreat sound and stay connected extremely well. I love
they way the fit and they never fall off.
    It’s the best Bluetooth headphones I’ve ever owned. Long battery life, noise
cancellation, and overall great quality.
    I use it while I'm working, my job is handson,hands-on, was very please to
have bought it
    I give it 5 stars because this product keeps what it promises for the price.
The handling is user-friendly and the quality is good.
    Sound is great! Nicely packaged and ready to go right out of the box. So far
so good. Would be nice to have a longer charging cord.
    Really good sound and fit seems snug.
    REALY LIKE THE WAY IT FITS AND SOUNDS
    Great, exactly what I was looking for
    Easy setup great sound most earbuds don’t fit in my ears but these are
perfect
    Everything is good so far
    Great for the price. Don't fall out. Good design.
    Great earphones for the price. They sound better than I thought they would.
    Love these headphones.  My other bluetooth headphones had a lag.  These do
not lag have amazon sound and are comfortable in my ear.
    The charging case did not consistently charge the headphones.
    These headphones fit snugly, connect reliably and sound good.
    Very nice headphones - convenient and easy and a great value.
    They fit well
    Easy to setup
    So far I really like these headphones. They're comfortable and sound good.
    Very comfortable and easy to use. Love the case.
    Works as advertised. Great at this price. Should get two pair. One for the
car and one for home/yard.
    I like how long tge battery lasts i one one earphone at a time then transfer
to the other when needed
    I do like these earbuds the power last longer than the ones I previously had
and the sound is extremely clear.
    Very convenient and comfortable. Sturdy and not flimsy on my ear. Love the
charging box and can not beat the price!
    Great sound! Fits well in my ears, even while running.  Super customer
service! Hoping these will last a long time.
    These ear buds are great! Really good sound and BASS.Really easy to pair and
no lag time on videos and audio.
    Looking for better quality than $20 earbuds with poor battery life. These
fit the bill.
    Good product
    Really great sound for the price and enjoy the storage and charging case.
    Amazing sound! Already charged and ready to go!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      👍
    Good sound and perfect for anyone who constantly has ear buds fall out when
exercising
    Love my new bluetooth headphones! Great sound, long lasting battery, and
great price! I will definitely buy again.
    Great product! It's been one of the best set of Bluetooth ear buds for my
workouts! Would highly recommend to any of my friends.
    Sound is good, comfortable on the ears.
    Love the sound, case, headphones are not flimsy. Thank you!
    Excellent high quality product. Would definitely recommend.
    I love them
    Sound Great
    Nice sound!
    Quality looks good. So far so good
    Great product, sound is excellent.
    Nice to see the battery percentage in the case
    Awesome thanks excellent quality. Love them!!!
    Crystal clear sound quality great bass excellent battery life ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
    I have been looking for good Bluetooth headphones for a while and these are
exactly what I needed !
    Sounds great and perfect for work constantly receiving calls now I don’t
have to pull out my phone.
    Very happy so far with the product
    Fast shipping arrived in good condition with 85% charge. Was able to use
immediately.
    Compact charging case and battery life on ear bud make these super easy to
throw in your bag and have ready to go at all times!
    Good sound the battery lasts long
    Earphones are great, easily connected and work with almost every device
    Sound quality is great! Cancels backgrounds noises and are comfortable.
    Comfortable ear buds!
    very good noise quality and  good for workout
    Great headphones for the price. The over-ear feature really helps them stay
in place when running.
    Great sound! Very comfortable!These are my new favorite ear buds!!!
    Good quality sound.  Battery life is good so far.  And noise cancellation is
decent.
    Don't know much about battery life as I just got them but i do love the
sound and noise canceling.
    These are really cool. I like the sleekness and the case. The options for
Siri, skip song, next song, and others is enjoyable.
    I love it, I usually use one side at a time at work, it plays more than 8
hours. The sound quality is good, can’t ask for more
    The headphones are comfortable and don’t hurt my ears and are exactly what I
needed.
    Very good
    Ease to use right out of the box
    Un mes de uso y sin problemas, muy buen sonido.Excelent!!!
    Stays in my ears. Sound and battery is good.
    Works good so far, I only used them once. I like that the charging case
displays the battery life
    Just received and set up is a breeze. Very good microphone. Phone call
quality is great. Arrived fully charged.
    These are wonderful earphones with amazing sounds and battery life. Bought
it for my sister and she loves them.
    It is a great product I use it when I work out when I ride my bike the sound
quality is perfect and the battery life is great
    Fast shipping.  Great quality for the price!
    They are comfortable and sound great. Good battery life.
    Really like these headphones... clear on phone calls to.
    Awesome sound with a comfortable fit to the ear well worth the money!
    Awesome, quick connection. sound is great. long lasting battery life.
    I like the sound quality and specifically the bass.
    Great product works great for one ear or two depending on how much you have
to pay attention LONG BATTERY LIFE
    These earbuds are more than I hoped for. Great sound, easy to use, and great
charging features. I highly recommend this item
    Best set of ear buds everI workout at the gym 5 days a week hard and they
stay in my earsGreat buy
    Awesome
    I love the quality and how good they sound. These earbugs fit great on my
ears and are very comfortable to wear.
    present for my boyfriend and he loves them
    The headphones are easy to connect and work as expected. I have had no
issues with them so far.
    The sound quality is amazing. These earbuds are my favorite. The battery is
also very good it last very long.
    Great customer service - they are sending a replacement for one of the
earbuds that stopped working properly.
    Great product, the sound quality is great, nice fit, do not have any
problems when working out with these on!
    Set up was very easy. The sound is very strong. I am very happy with my
purchase.
    The noise cancellation is very good!! Sound quality is nice for ear buds as
well.
    The hooks are rubber so they can be worn for a long time without mich
discomfort. They sound good, no real Bluetooth delay.
    I have been enjoying the quality of the sound and the ease of connection to
my devices.  They are also comfortable to wear.
    After just receiving them in the I THOUGHT THEY WERE COMFORTABLE AND LIKED
THAT THEY WERE SECURE IN MY EAR TO NOT FALL OUT.
    Work as described! No problems connecting to my phone.
    The most comfortable bluetooth headset I've tried yet!
    Super comfortable and love they don't fall out in rigorous exercise
    Really love these headphones! They fit well, comfortable. The sound quality
is great. Thank you
    For music at work
    I like free stuff
    Good for the gym.
    Next time I will just get ear buds without the thingy that goes around the
ears.
    Sound quality muah , well balanced , perfect noise cancellation , receiption
ok.
    I love these headphones and use them every day!  Sound quality is great and
battery life is long.  I would buy them again.
    War buds work great so far.  Very easy setup and the battery display is
awesome.
    Great product — thoroughly happy with quality and customer service
    Sound quality is really good
    Fast delivery.  Fit securely
    Very nice love them thus far
    Nothing to complain about so far, headphones are working great. Are very
comfortable as well.
    I like it so far
    so far they have performed exceptionally well.  The sound is great!  It
paired easily.  Satisfied customer.
    Great product they don’t fall out they are very light and super noise
canceling
    Fits great, easy to pair. I like that you can adjust volume from either
earbud.
    Would like longer battery life and cord.
    Perfect earphones for price they last long and hold on great for work and
exercise. Sound is great and are durable. 10/10
    I love my new wireless headphones. The sound quality is great and I'm very
pleased with the battery life on this product.
    Great purchase. Loud and good quality for the price.
    Nice case that comes with it look like good quality.
    These headphones are great for the price and block out all noises
    I'm very happy with these Bluetooth headphones. They are comfortable and the
sound is great!
    Nice ear buds! They fit great & the ear hooks make sure that I don't lose
them when running.
    Great product! Fits well on my earring!
    Good sounds with great bass
    The sound is awesome. I use them when I'm driving and at work ,so that I can
keep my conversation private.
    This earbud has great support. I have to say the sound qualities are better
than JBL's true wireless buds.
    Fits the ear really well. Sound quality is very good. Wish the charger was
longer but thats my only issue.
    The cost and performance of headphones made the purchase a wise choice for
me.
    Like the power level indicators and the hooks that go around the ear and
more.
    Sound good and stay in ears
    I'm impressed with these earbuds. I weld for a living, and I have no problem
using these all day everyday!
    Haven’t used the headphones  much! Just received the headphones!
    Good product for the price
    I love the sound quality and how it wraps around your ear where you know it
won't fall off.
    Absolutely what I was looking for, affordable and comfortable. Nice bass and
sound quality.
    Bought these for my Husband for work and he loves them! Great headphones for
the price too!
    These are easy to use earbuds that actually stay in my ears. I use them for
exercising and they’re great!
    These are my first pair of wireless headphones. Overall the quality is good
and they are easy to operate.
    Easily paired with my iPhone. Love that I can use one earbud at a time.
Perfect for the office. Great fit
    Easy to sync with my phone, great sound quality and fit. They stayed in
place even with putting on and taking off my sunglasses a lot.
    Great fast delivery, product is amazing. Good quality sound, sits perfect
and looks great as well. Best earbuds so far.
    This product honestly surprised me, I really like how it well it fits in my
ear and how it doesn't fall out when I run.
    I love  the size and how they listening
    Sound is great and shipping was fast.
    This earbuds work as good  as I expected. Battery life is great .Easy to use
and charge.I like it!
    Sound quality
    Good sound, bought to listen to music at a factory.. feels secure in the ear
    These are so comfortable and sounds great.  Would definitely buy them again!
    Easy to pair with phone!
    Sound good for the money
    not that loud,that's why the 3 star.Other wise OK
    I got my grandma these headphones so she can start running again. She seems
to really like them so far.
    The Occiam ear buds are very comfortable, stay in place and the sound
quality for phone calls is great.
    What I like about this product is how it stays in my ear. I don’t ever have
to worry about it fall off.
    Earbuds won’t stay charging. Right earbud won’t get above a 50% charge and
won’t turn on at all anyway.
    Much better than other earbuds I've used. Easy to put in and sound great. No
wires. I'd buy them again.
    Sound quality is durable, could be better. Noise cancellation is not bad,
but the battery is excellent.
    Fits really well to the ear for comfortable wear all day. Love that they are
independent of each other.
    good base sound ,easy b.t.connection
    Great sound and comfortable to wear!
    Sounds great
    Nice product
    Sound great!!!
    I like the twin pairing feature, as well as the charging meter in the case.
    Works great for my needs
    I LOVE THEM!
    These are not worth it!
    Great product love them
    I love the product, it fit well sound is good, battery last a long time.
Customer service was awesome.
    Very easy to get started, sounds great, easy to charge, long battery life.
    I really like this product especially the quality of the speaker. I
recommend to everyone buy this wireless EarPods.
    Excellent quality, good value for the price. Great after-sales customer
service. This product is highly recommended!
    Occiam is a quality product with great customer service.  Thank you for
making this an easy decision.Dan
    While wearing these I had the television on next to me and I could not hear
the TV and they are comfortable  so far.
    Easy to pair with my cell phone; clear and good quality sound; good fit and
feel secure when wearing the headphones.
    Muy recomendables cumplen con lo que ofrecen.
    It’s a good product, but I wish the battery life was better.
    These are my go to pair when I am running. The sound quality is really good
and they stay in my ears.
    Best pair if earbuds i have owned!
    I love these headphones. I use them at the gym. Sound and quality are great
    They don't fall out like earbuds and sound quality is good for the price.
    Second set of ear buds and volume control doesn’t work
    Battery life too short, powers off after 2 hours of using it. Makes a creepy
sound from the casing when not in use.
    Great love them
    Fast delivery awesome sound exactly what I was looking for.
    Bought these for my husband for Christmas- they work great!
    Great sound quality and comfortable fit! Very attentive customer service at
Occiam fromSammi!!
    Already very impressed by these earphones! Work great, don't press on ears
too much and sound solid.
    Alsome will purchase a second one
    Great wireless headphones, very light weight and the music sounds great.
    I have no complaints these are the best for the price that I have tried.
    There comfortable, the fit my ears perfectly and its easy to hide of your
not suppose to have any devices at work.
    Paired immediately- decent sound for physical activity - I bought these from
the reviews and secure attachment
    Battery lasts less then 48 hours it maybe last 8 hours top
    Have not had them for very long but they were what I was looking for and I
like them.
    Even better than I expected! Can't believe the volume and bass capabilities
on these!
    I really like the sound of the fit the cost and the fact they stay on my
ears pretty good thank you
    Love my headphones! They work really well, they are comfortable, and they
actually stay in my ears.
    Fits in my ear !! Awesome sound!
    Looks nice and good battery life
    My favorite bluetooth headphones
    Looks good with the high quality of the material. It sounds amazing too
    My husband liked it a lot, looks fancy but bought at a cheaper price 😉
    I love my wireless headphones. I have the occiam wireless. These feel better
in my ear than those expensive ones.
    Awesome!
    Very good design. Convenient and works well.
    This is for listing to my music.
    They are great! They do make noise while charging though.
    Great sound, cancels noise well
    They look good and sound great.
    Good 👍
    I've only had them for a couple of days but so far so good. They fit my ears
well and the sound quality is nice.
    I was hesitant about these, but once I tried them. They were perfect!!
    So far enjoying the earbuds. Love the behind the ears comfort as well.
    It's cheap, it works. battery life last longer that my previous Beats.
    Sound quality is great, good bass too!
    Easy to pair! Great sound quality! Super comfy! They came 87% charged!
    Great quality product... works as promised!
    Works well but the volume buttons are not very sensitive
    I would recommend this. Worth the money and easy to use.
    Good sound quality
    Poor sound quality
    I just received it today & have only tried it once, but I am very impressed
so far!  Great sound for the price!!
    So far so good. It fits perfect and the sound is right
    Great Bluetooth headphones! Good sound quality, both for listening to music
and for call quality.
    Great for the money I already bought 2 if I ever need a replacement I'd get
another one of these.
    They fit perfectly and came fully charged. I can't wait to test them out at
work. So far so good.
    Well made with a sleek design.
    They are comfortable and easy to use.  They fit securely.  I am glad I
bought them!
    These headphones are easy to use and have good sound quality. Bought them
for my mother-in-law, she loves them.
    Look great, work great! Good fit in ears. VERY COMFORTABLE AND GREAT SOUND
QUALITY FOR THE PRICE.
    Headphones cancel noise well, are comfortable, and are a great value!
    Great for the price love the charging case and sound is crystal clear
    great value for the price, headphones are comfortable and easy to use
    Great product. Would purchase for a friend.
    I love how it feels when I’m wearing them. Comfortable and stays on when I’m
running. Sound quality is perfect.
    Great sound, works well with Galaxy phone.
    I have tried several before it but this one is great because the sound is
clear and easy to use.
    Comfortable and great quality
    They take a little bit of practice in the beginning to get connected, but
once you do, they work great!
    Works great. I'm super picky when it comes to comfort and these I can wear
for hours and not even notice them.
    After trying several ear buds... even expensive ones... these work the best.
Love the noise canceling feature!
    I love the headphones! They work great and the sound quality is amazing I
definitely recommend!!
    Overall delivery was speedy and exact, the product itself is in my opinion a
very good purchase.
    They stay in place and the sound is great
    I absolutely love these headphones!! Such clear sound!
    These are fantastic. Highly recommend. Fast and easy set up and great
support from the company.
    only had a few days and definitely easy to use and set up. Great gift for my
son.
    Pretty good sound quality. Easy to pair with other devices. I am happy with
them for the price!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Very nice
    Just got em out and they are worth the 35 so far. Only heard 3 songs in them
but everything checks out so far
    Exactly what I was looking for and at a lower price than I was expecting to
pay. Perfect fit, and great sound
    Just got them. Literally unpacked them and tried them out.Big fan of the
design, and really enjoy
    I love these. They are by far the best ear buds I have bought and work
great. Noise cancellation is the best.
    It work good .clean sound .fits good on my ear .and it pair quickly
    Love the charging case and ease of using the product!  It is also very
compact to carry in your pocket.
    Great sound quality and very comfortable
    These are super comfortable and awesome sound quality
    Bought these for my son and he absolutely loves them!
    Great earphones
    Great product!!
    I love these earbuds! They're comfy, they fit my ears well, and they're
convenient! Love them.
    Very clear sound and fits well. Very comfortable fit.
    Good quality for the price.
    The chase stop charging my right ear phone only had for few months . But
other then that great head phones .
    I love the product. Really great quality and the bass is wonderful
    Surprisingly great sound easy to pair I would buy again button control are
small but you can work with them.
    Comfort was good & their supports great
    Convenient and comfortable! I love these headphones!
    Sound is great
    Great product!
    Comfortable, stays on my ears and the sound is great.  Battery is good.  But
I just get them.
    Received as a Christmas present. Working great so far. Easy to use and good
customer service.
    I love these headphones! Snug on the ears and won’t fall out while I’m
running.
    Good headphones all around
    Great sound and cool case.
    They feel and fit in my ears. I love that because I have a hard time finding
reasonably prices headphones.
    these buds are pretty great! the battery life is great and the sound quality
is nothing to scoff at either.
    I love this headphones exactly what I was looking for. Great sound with
music and calls are very clear.
    The fit is okay even though my ears are bigger. Sound is good. Bass is good.
Good headphones for the price!
    Really good value.  Headphones fit well and have decent sound and
functionality
    Finally cut the cord and I love these!
    Excellent price - easy and comfortable
    Fits great. Luv the sound quality and battery life.
    A very comfortable fit and excellent sound quality.
    They fit comfortably good sound love that each ear bud works without the
other
    I use mostly for working out. Excellent for my use. Liked the case and how
it shows the battery life left.
    I received the item promptly and it was easy to set up, have not had a
chance to use them much, been sick.
    I love them - I use them so I don't have to hold my phone all the time when
talking to family/friends/etc.
    Very comfortable to wear!
    Serves it's purpose. Sound is good battery is good. No wires.
    Very nice set of headphones especially for the price.  Use them daily with
no issues so far.
    They’re great!!! Wonderful battery life and super comfortable!! Great
sound!!!
    Battery is incredible. Extremely happy with these and I’m picky!
    The product works and is comfortable.
    The sound quality is the best I had. I’m also doing this for the free prize
that comes with
    I've not been impressed with anything out of the box like this in a looong
time! WONDERFUL!
    The sound of these headphones is very good for their size.The in ear fit is
also very good.
    Great value!
    Battery life
    Great Sound!
    Great headphones and stay in ear while working out
    Great product!
    I bought this pair of earbuds as a gift for my Fiancé. He absolutely loves
it! I would totally recommend!
    Personally, these are the best blue headphones I have ever had. I would
highly recommend these to anyone.
    Sound quality is awesome. Battery life is lengthy and stays charged longer.
Excellent noise cancellation!
    Great sound, great bass!
    Great sounds cancelation
    Came fast and seems like a good set of headphones for the price
    I bought for boy , he likes it a lot
    Very quick delivery. Great acoustics
    Only my first day but seems to be a great product
    The ear budds are amazing. I’m very please with this purchase .
    Great sound
    Great sound
    Easy to use
    Good sound for the price and super easy to use 😃
    i like the sound. The quality is there.
    the sound quality is amazing. paired with the fact that they are sleek and
fit well, gives these 5 stars
    Noise canceling is terrible, sound is terrible its cheap and not worth it I
hate to have wasted my money
    They work well. Had some problems on the first pair but the second pair I
got for no charge work perfect
    They work well. Had some problems on the first pair but the second pair I
got for no charge work perfect
    They sound nice & clear
    They are the best thing I have ever had, just try great price!
    it works well good battery and sound
    Sounds great and was easy to set up!
    I loved the quality of  my Bluetooth headset.  Sound comes in clearly when I
am running on my treadmill.
    So far so great. Feels good around the ears. The sound is good and connects
easily. I'm happy with them.
    Works well. nice sound.
    Fast shipping, overall good product
    Good value, they're very secure and i don't notice them while wearing them.
    Bought these as a Christmas gift for my teen. They're very happy with them.
    They came charged and the sound quality seems good especially for the price
    Their cute
    Great fit, great noise canceling. Nice controls and easy to use.
    Very Good quality. I also like how the case shows the percentage of the
earbuds when they are charging.
    Extremely nice fit and battery life. Great sound for the price rivaling the
way more expensive air pods
    sound quality is amazing for this earbuds and the price as sooooo
reasonable. overall love this earbuds
    Sound quality great! Light and very comfortable! Enjoying it!
    LOVELY!!! sound quality is great!!
    Great headphones for the price highly recommend
    The sound is good and clear even at low volume.
    They are good for the amount of money you spend
    Sound quality is great, very comfortable, long battery life, great product
    Works well after first use, and delivered quickly. Will give more updates.
    I totally love these.
    Top notch for running
    Love the quality and structure of these headphones great buy
    Really like the headphones. So far the battery life is good.
    I really like them the sound is good and they fit perfectly!
    This is great for calls. Very good sound and Noise reduction
    Look great, sound is just amazing and battery life is great!
    Great sound and very comfortable.
    Good headphones. Easy to set up and good sound
    These feel secure while running and the low-end and general sound quality is
amazing...
    My wife has always struggled to find comfortable headphones. These are
perfect for her.
    The headphones have great audio quality and the charging case is awesome.
    Very good value. Sound is good, battery life very good, and easy to pair.
    Great product. It sync to my phone without issues and good audio quality.
    Omg they so COMFY :) rawr*pets occiam bluetooth headphones-true wireless
earbuds affectionately
    Only had the for 2 days, but excellent so far.
    Seem nice fit nicely
    Nice product, worth every penny.
    Sound quality is clear and crisp
    Its very lite and sound is great
    Fantastic!! Great sound and very easy to use.
    Great sound they stay on my ears. I love them
    Love the noise cancellation and battery life!
    I love these headphones! Great quality and very affordable. You won't be
disappointed.
    Just got them today. So far so good. I'll update after some heavier use.
    Convenient with case charging, comfortable to wear and have great sound.
    Noise cancellation + Deep Bass Sound. That’s another level of listening.
    The headphones work great.  Easy to set up and use right out of the box.
    Quality
    I love the sound I can work out and hear only my music, non slip they stay
in my ear the whole time.
    Love these earbuds!
    Very nice equipment
    Great sound quality
    My husband just love the over all performance of this item
    I have not fully used the headset, but I will update my review once fully
used it.  So far, so good.
    Love the sound and fit me great
    Just got them in so far so good
    My daughter loves these. Great when running.
    It fit good and the sound and easy to set up
    Good quality headphones for the price instead of buying the $100 ones. No
complaints.
    Bought two but one was not working correctly. But it was an easy return and
replace!!
    These are very good earbuds they sound great and fit great would recommend
to anyone.
    I'm amazed by the sound! Great buds! Very comfortable and easy to pair.
    Comfortable and good sound quality great for talking on the phone with.
    Works.
    I love this bluetooth, it is very comfortable to use, I highly recommend
this product
    Noise cancellation
    Fits my ear nicely
    Great sound quality. Great product.
    They are exactly what I expected, love them
    The sound is great and the paired very easy
    Easy to use, battery life is great. I love the digital view that shows
battery life.
    They look good and i like the case, its not huge so it fits everywhere
    Headphones fit great into my ears and connect so easily to my devices.
    Sound
    These headphones are excellent quality. I’m so happy I ordered these. They
cancel sound well too!!
    I just received my earbuds. I love the small case and the ease of use.
    Excellent product
    For the low price these earbuds sound really impressive.
    Great sound, fit and battery!
    Easy to connect. Sound great!
    requires 5 stars for warranty
    Good for traveling hands free
    Quality is good. Could use a bit more bass
    Work great so far! Love the charging case!
    Amazing quality! Definitely worth the buy!
    They have been great so far! Comfortable and I love how it shows the battery
level.
    Just wanted these for work, and they do work as intended. Nothing much else
to say.
    Arrived quickly, and works as intended. Easy to use with surprisingly good
quality.
    Pretty good headset. Looking good and the charging style very unique.
    Love the quality of the sound and the talk time!  Highly recommended!
    The noise quality is great. They are comfortable to wear and I have small-
ish ears.
    Would like to cancel all nosies I within the background
    Purchased last week. Used it only one time. Looks good.
    I have been shopping around for a new pair of earbuds. These have been the
most comfortable pair.
    My son says these things are great!!
    Will fill in after using it.
    Great price great sound work friendly durable any more need to say buy em
asap!!!!
    they are very comfortable, easy to use, great sound quality and reasonably
priced.
    Product is great. Really pleased with the quality and the customer service.
10/10.
    I like that they fit in my ears perfectly
    Very accurate description of the product.
    Long battery life, comfortable, good sound quality.Can use one earphone at a
time as the other is charging.
    Good value for the quality of the headphones.  Nice sound quality.  Noise
cancelling works well.
    EVERYTHING about these headphones are PERFECT! Great quality for such a low
price!
    Good headphones
    Awesome head phones so far ... totally worth the money
    They fit great and sturdy in my ears while working out
    I found no default with this occiam Bluetooth earbuds. Very good quality for
your money spent...
    Sound quality is great and they don't fall out of your ear like other
products do.
    The sound quality is great!
    I loved them thank u guys!!
    The base on this is awesome
    These are great! Nice sound quality! Noise canceling works well! Comfortable
fit!
    So far so food! They’re light weight and don’t fall out of my ears.
    device came already charged. The audio is clear and i like the fit.
    Great headphones with excellent battery life! Comfortable for my ears and
great for exercising.
    Sound quality is good and device fits very comfortably. Battery life has
also been pretty good!
    Earphones have great sound quality and easily charge.
    I love the sound quality and the cord free ear hooks.
    Great sound, really comfortable, adding life battery!
    User friendly, great sound
    Fit great and easy to use.
    Charging box is convenient
    Works great for workout or around town.
    Love these head phones.  Work amazingly
    No complaints. They don't fall out of my ears when I run and the sound
quality is really good.
    I bought these for my cellphone. They fit perfectly and doesn't hurt my
ears. The sound is A1.
    I like the product at this time. I needed something to close out road noise
and does just that
    It's been a great product!
    I got this item for my wife and she absolutely loves this product.
    It works well
    Cómodos para usar y buena relación precio desempeño.
    Good over the ear fit. Perfect for gym
    Loved them so much, I’m getting another pair!!! Stylish and great sound
quality
    Overall wonderful earbuds
    Great set, comfortable fit, good sound
    These are great!! Highly recommended!!
    I really like the power viewing option
    These work great!
    Just received it.  Fits well into the air and great sound quality
    It works great  had send one back and they exchanged it thank you
    Just got them, but so far pleased with the quality for the price.
    It’s a pretty nice product worth every dollar, would like to recommend
everyone this product.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Great sound, pairs well and
fits ears perfectly!
    Thanks for second pair of free earphones
    Good headphones. They stay in your ear while working out and are sweat
resistant. Five stars!
    I just got them for Christmas, they seem good so far. They are very
comfortable.
    The sound quality is amazing for the cost!
    Liked the sound quality very much. Great headphones for the cost. They sit
really well with out hurting my ears.
    The best  Quality and affordable . Stays on with running or rigorous
exercise.
    I don't feel like they go quite loud enough but other than that they are
great
    I have bought 3 different  earbuds and I these are the best ones I have
bought
    I love these headphones!
    Great fit, nice features
    Sound is clear. Music sounds awesome.
    They sound really good even the bass, clear and noise canceling!
    Sound quality could be better, but they work well for the price.
    Liked the ease of pairing them to my devices.  Used them on my dog walks and
in excercising.
    Bought them to work out and I'm really enjoying them.  They are what I
needed.
    really easy to set up and use, and great fit! Even with glasses!
    Love them!!
    Fits very well and comfortably. Easy to use and does not fall out of my
ears.
    Great Fit and quality. Sleek design!
    Easy activation. Comfortable earbuds
    Awesome product, I totally recommend
    very happy with the wireless earbuds
    Solid product at the price point.  Lifetime warranty is a bonus
    good sound quality and comfy.  just got them and so far so good
    Solid headphones for a great price. Great customer service and awesome bass.
100% recommend
    Headphones are great and they are very comfortable also sound is great and
easy to install.
    So far a great product, very comfortable  to ears
    Great sound and base!  Really love these earbuds!
    Great product
    Instant Bluetooth pairing. Good quality. Comfortable on the ear
    These headphones has great sound quality and I love the design.
    Fits well, sounds fine, status easy to understand
    Easy to connect sound quality is good. It's not too big in size, just right.
    Great sound, stays in ear while exercising and easy to charge.
    Very clear sound and I live that they fit around my ear and do not interfere
with my mask.
    Love them from the jump.  Easily attached to blue tooth, and great sound and
connectivity!
    Great..work just as advertised ...easy to set up
    These are awesome quality for the price we paid!
    Wonderful
    Love them
    Liked the ease of use
    Great item for cost !
    They came in intact. Charging now.
    This is a great quality product you cannot beat for the price
    The service was excellent and delivery very fast and on time.
    Great product with good sound for the price.Battery last me all day 10/10
would buy again
    I am really liking these headphones. The sound quality is great. They don't
hurt my ears.
    Great headphones use them at work and they last an 8hr shift. Exactly what I
was needing.
    The noise cancellation really does work. It blocked most of the noise from
my A/C running
    Very good sound quality! Also a very secure fit which is very important when
excercising.
    Easy to connect and to wear. So practical for workouts. I love it.Battery
last long
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Thumbs up
    Love how it shows the battery life. Comfortable
    like the fit in the ears and noise cancallation
    Fit great and don’t bounce around when you run.
    These don't move around and the sound is great.
    I love the fit. Great and speedy customer service.
    Exelent product I love it it is what you offer easy to pair with the phone
    The battery life on these headphones are awesome!!! The sound is so clear!
    Great sound quality.
    Could not hear too good with them
    I can hear without it cutting out
    Amazing product and fast delivery
    Perfect product I was looking for
    I love this. I enjoy music on my walks now. Very lightweight
    I like the comfortable fit around the ear and sound quality.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Comfortable, good battery
life, really cool
    They are amazing, they work great, sound great. And they don't die fast,
which is a plus
    Battery dies quickly and sound quality is poor. Only one headphone connects
to my phone.
    Excellent sound and easy to pair with iPhone 12
    Easy to use, connects quickly, comfortable.
    Order came fast. Quality product.
    Great sound and quality. Also stays on my ears
    ear buds sound great and are secure on my ears
    Awesome
    5 stars
    Earhooks keep bud from falling out. Sound quality ia great. Paired easily.
    Me gusto mucho como se escucha la música y aislamiento de ruido y la batería
le dura mucho
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Awesome product
    Good job. Great price.
    Headphones work great. Use them at work and they are holding up very well
    Absolutely love them, work amazingly and for a great price.
    The quality is exceptional for the price I’m very satisfied
    This headset has awesome sound quality and was very easy to pair to my phone
(note 10).
    Very comfortable to wear and excellent sound.
    I don't know  about sound because the headphones don't charge.  .but
customer service was great..
    These work great! For the price I was surprised at how great they sound!
    I love the product
    Very nice quality.
    The Sound is great, the noise cancellation works awesome and the battery
life is sweet
    If you want new affordable BT headphones. This is the one.
    These are the best wireless earbuds I have ever purchased.
    These are simply wonderful. They fit perfectly in my ears.
    I love this product!  It is EXCELLENT!!!!
    Great sound! They are very comfortable and the battery life is very
acceptable so far.
    For the price these are awesome
    Sound perfect for what we are using then for
    So far has been a great set of headphones. Fits my small ears perfectly.
    Sound quality works better than expected and the battery life is perfect
    Great
    Nice set of bluetooth earbuds. They actually stay in my ears because of the
earhooks.
    The earbuds are very reliable. They charge quickly and stay in place well on
my ears.
    Sleek design and sold at an affordable price.  The product worked great upon
arrival.
    Needed a replacement for older now broken headphones! These have been a
perfect pick!
    Used for exercise
    These are easy to use and provide great quality of sound!
    Great headphones!
    These are great so far and the battery life is great too.
    These work and sound awesome!!
    Thanks for the good headphones
    Easy to Pair and amazing sound
    Great! Fits my small ears well
    Very happy with the quality and structure of the product.
    Best headphones and great customer service.
    I overall like everything about the product
    Good quality and came faster than expected.
    Good
    Pairing was very easy. Highs and mids are perfect for me. Bass isn't to
overwhelming.
    Like
    I need something with quality sound and also able to stat in my ears while
mowing, works great.
    They work very well, are easy to use and the sound quality is amazing.
    Sound quality is not the best but for what your paying it is worth it.
    Bought these for my husband for Christmas and he says the sound quality is
AWESOME!!
    Love these.  Stay in place on ears.  Great sound quality
    beautiful design
    Keep on power on and power off on my hear .
    Very pleased with the earbuds. They were easy to sync with my phone and
sound great.
    They have great sound, fit in my ears, and they connect with my phone really
easily.
    I just received these but so far, so good!
    These are mazing the best I've ever bought
    Sound quality is great..fits ear perfectly
    A gift but they said they really like them
    Good quality so far!
    They Sound Is Loud, But Thats What I Like, They Have Great Bass, And Sound
Overall great
    Excellent sound for a fair price
    very comfortable on my sensitive ears and stay in place while running
    Working out this product helps so that you don't have them falling out of
your ears
    No cons just pros nice sleek great sound, noise cancelling. Nice product for
price.
    Just received them and they fit really well.  Impressed with the sound and
comfort.
    The design is really nice and very easy to pair up. I also liked the sound
quality.
    I love how the earbuds cancel out the noise. And they are adjustable to fit
my ears
    Very good product. Good sound, comfortable for the ear. Good price for the
quality.
    I love my headphones! They work really well. Thank you!
    I like the product. I loved the design. They're amazing
    Love love love this product. Superb quality headphones.
    Case battery display didn't work on two different units
    Sound quality is excellent. Easy pairing with iPhone X.
    They work great
    Sound is great!
    Very comfortable easy to use
    great product would recommend to others. Big fan of this.
    i love these headphones. They stay in place even during long, sweaty
runs/workouts.
    Very good quality and sound!
    Poor sound and cant charge my C-type to C-type cable.
    Very happy with my purchase. Great sound!
    This product is awesome, the sound is great and last longer when charged.
    Very comfortable and the sound is great.Recommend to everyone.
    Great wireless headphones. They are the best I ever have. The price is even
great.
    Overall this is the best product I have bought that guarantee a lifetime
warranty.
    I'm loving these bluetooth earphones.Sound quality is great and also battery
life.
    Very impressed with this product.  I enjoy quite well.
    Comfortable feel and like the battery charge indicator
    To listen to music and it sounds really loud and clear
    Great product!
    Great ear buds
    Good warranty.
    Fast shipping, good quality
    I like it because it wont fall from my ear when im riding with my electric
scooter
    The battery life is good and have no issues connecting or charging.
    Great product!
    Good headphones for the price. Lower volume than others I’ve had but nothing
bad.
    Good headphones for the price. Lower volume than others I’ve had but nothing
bad.
    Clear sound. Louder than one's I've used in the past.
    Excellent fit
    Leight Wright, easy to use
    Great eatbuds
    Great product
    Sound quality is excellent
    Great product
    Sound quality
    Sound quality is very good. Good fit.
    Love these headphones!!! Sound is awesome and they stay charged!!!! They
stay in my ears!!!
    Thank you! Love these! Would recommend!
    Great earbuds - quality and great sound. What a deal!
    The sound quality and battery life is great and I love the ear loops
    Nice slick design and fits well on ear.
    Great quality, lightweight, sound canceling, comfortable nice fit.
    I love it very comfortable and awesome sound battery life is great
    A Lifetime Warranty makes this a safe purchase. Good sound quality
    I use it for running and biking and it’s awesome no noise or wind
interruption .
    I've had The headphones for a couple days now and they seem to be working
great.
    Headphones seem as described. Synced easily with my phone and intuitive
buttons.
    I ordered these for my brother and he just love them I would order these
again .
    Great quality and doesn’t fall out of your ear regardless of what you are
doing.
    I like having these earbuds. The sound quality good for music and videos,
great.
    Just got them. Good sound quality. Fit nicely and feel like they won't fall
off.
    These headphones are great! Got them for my son for Christmas and he loves
them!
    Great carrying case engineering, good quality sound.
    This is a great product!!
    I love the sound quality.
    Great sound!
    Love these. Long lasting, easy to use!
    Great product. Wonderful sound quality
    I am so happy I decided to purchase this set. The sound is great.
    Way better sound quality then I expected and very easy to set up.
    Comfortable, good quality and a true value. Great for the gym and other
sports.
    Easy to use! Great batter life and excellent sound.
    perfect for running, stays in place and clear sound
    Arrived on time and fully charged. So far, so good.
    The sound is great.  Like how fits and the comfort.
    The bass is so good, better than the expensive ones
    Very affordable, great set of Bluetooth headphones.
    Comfortable
    Great sound
    Great sound
    Easy to use
    Comfortable
    So far, these have been just what I was looking for
    Me encantan, mejor de lo que pensaba.
    Got these for Christmas, good so far.
    Battery life is excellent, fits well in ear, and connects easily
    My wife loves this. She has a hard time finding ear buds to fit.
    Sound quality is great. Noise cancellation is on point. Thanks for the
product
    Amazing sound quality. Got as a gift for a friend and they absolutely loved
it
    Great sound,everythings as advertised, with a little secret waiting for
buyers
    This is a very good set of ear phones we love them
    Great sound, excellent fit. Happy with my purchase
    We love the digital charging case. And clear sound
    Good product works good
    They have a great sound
    Good quality and value.
    For the money the headphones are awesome, lots of bass, and long battery
life.
    Greatest Bluetooth headphones ever!!
    They work great! The sound quality is immaculate and they’re very
comfortable.
    Good audio
    Nice sound but it isn't long range and the sound comes in and out a bit
unsteady.
    Like the charging case. And that won't just fall out of an ear.
    Great headphones. Connect seamlessly and battery life is great!
    Great battery life, stays in ears can’t beat them for the price
    Solid sound, case is small and portable.  Well worth the money!
    Extremely comfortable to wear, fits over Ear and stays in place
    Connected to my phone with no issues, sound quality is great...
    Great sound, comfortable, battery life display, nice volume control
placement
    Do not buy these!  They are junk.  Returned two pair.  Won't charge
reliably.
    Not extremely loud but super clear and good bass. Fits great and easy to
use.
    Work as expected, haven’t been able to test battery life just yet.
    Great battery life and impressive sound quality!!
    Love them
    Nice charging box!
    Work good
    Headphones work great and can work independently.
    It is a great ear bud. Works really nice. Connection is quick.
    Pros comfortable cons charging cord doesn’t store in the case.
    What I like is it doesn't look like I have headphones on. Love the no wires.
    Awesome sound quality, excellent battery life, highly recommend this product
    Sounds quality and battery are awesome . Definitely recommend this product..
    Sound quality is really good but the controls on earbud doesn't always work.
    I use them at work they sound great and cancel out the noise of the machines
    I use them when I am running and they are great!
    Love headphones. Great product for a great price
    Works well at the gym
    Wry nice
    I’m loving so far. They fit well in my ear and the sound is really good for
the price.
    They are amazing and great beat headphones ever used for sure.
    Great sound for affordable earbuds
    Overall good product for the price
    These earbuds connected quickly to my devise and sounds great
    Product was nicely package.Ease of use and reliability was guaranteed
    They're ok for the price but my case stopped charging after a couple weeks.
    Seems nice straight out package, will update review once I use the product.
    BEST HEADPHONES I'VE USED IN A LONG TIME, HANDS DOWN. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
    This is very good for the price sound is awsome
    Great headphones. Only pair I could find with volume controls.
    Nice to workout with
    Solid for the price.
    Great sound quality.
    These headphones are comfortable. I feel like they are very secure as well.
    It want let you switch from one device to another with out turning one off.
    I love the fit and that they are easy to wear while running.
    Good battery life, but wish noise canceling was a tad better
    comfortable on ears , clear sound, connect easy, great price
    These things  for price are awesome I would buy another pair
    I like them very much! They stay in my ears and great sound.
    Perfect surprise gift for my boyfriend! They fit well and are easy to use!
    As good as quality as Beats for a fraction of the price. Very comfortable.
    Great quality sound
    A+++ Great purchase
    Nice charger case!!
    Decent
    Thanks
    More comfortable than other head phones I have used, and they sound great.
    Great product. Really good fit and nice sound.
    Love the headset!  They fit and sound amazing!
    Works better than expected.  I highly recommend this product
    Works great. Excellent for kids.
    Great sound quality and distance
    Sound quality,  noise cancellation and battery life great !
    I use these earbuds in the gym they sound good and stay put
    Wow! Best bang for your buck dont choose another 👌💯🔥🔥🔥
    I use this product at work for music they stay secure and I am a mechanic
    I have not really had a chance to use them very much, bit so far so good.
    Great sound, easy to pair. Would be better if ear pieces were adjustable.
    Sound quality is excellent!! Would buy again.
    Very happy so far.
    Sound is very good
    Great sound!!!!!!!
    Sound
    Great
    complete with mic and speaker. Easy to use and pair
    My husband is using these to listen to music and podcasts and loves them.
    Love these- they are the best!!
    Love this! Would purchase again
    Great quality, the sound quality is the best.
    Easy to set up. Looking forward to using them in my walks.
    I like how they automatically come on after I exit my car!
    Bought these as a gift for the wife and she loves them!!!!
    Great earbuds! Loved them so much, they work super well! 100% recommend!
    Great customer service!!! Really did a good job of helping its customers
    Love the earbuds. Great quality and sound. I'm glad I chose to purchase.
    Great quality for the price. These earbuds stay secure around your ears.
    Love the display and the auto connect once you remove them from its case
    It sounds very good, i love it, and it doesn't fall off when I'm training or
running
    These headphones sound, look and feel great!
    Great sound quality and really good balance.
    I absolutely love them. I'll would recommend them to anyone
    They are great 🎧
    Looks good so far
    Good
    Arrived quickly and work great.
    Sounds good, feels like good quality earbuds
    Best bang for buck headphones!
    Awesome earliest for the price
    An amazing product. Grate for if you work in a loud place
    These are great for the money! Would definitely recommend
    It was perfect for me and the battery life lasted longer than expected.
    Great for working out. I like the over ear loops that keep them secure.
    Earbuds are extremely comfortable, and I'm very happy with my purchase.
    These are my all time favorite headphones! Great product for the price!
    Just what I needed!  Do the job!
    Earphones fit comfortable , sound is great.
    Great Headphones. Super quality and value!!
    They are awesome
    So far very good
    no hand required
    They're amazing!
    I like this Bluetooth headphones to listen to on my phone
    Love them
    Good sound quality ,noise cancelation and its obviously reasonable
budget....
    Awesome product! Good quality
    These are perfect for the gym
    These headphones are awesome!
    I loved everything about them
    they feel good in my ears and the sound is good, still learning controls but
overall good earbuds
    Great headphones. Fit well and sound good!
    I use this for work outs, meetings etc. Worth the money.
    They sound really good they fit good really nice product
    Wonderful headphones.  Connects easily and sounds great!
    These headphones are awesome, they sound great and have many features.
    Great sound quality! And the most comfortable earphones I've ever had!
    Great quality and amazing price! Would recommend to all of my friends.
    Love them. They last long for my long days outside. And so comfortable
    It doesn’t stay behind my ear or ears. Back ground sound is loud.
    Great sound, easily paired, easy controls.
    So far so good!
    So far it is doing exactly what I needed. Great product!
    Really cool. Sound is great, and it was really easy to set up and use.
    Good sounding headphones for a good price.
    Awesome sound!! Great value!
    The sound is clear and nice!
    Excellent compared to others
    Perfect fit and comfortable.
    Love this set better then any other set I had i will seek to buy again
    Sounds amazing , great bass does not hurt my ear at all
    Sound quality is good battery life is good for the size
    Very comfortable in ears. Good value for what they are.
    Comfortable and good quality
    I use them when I work out and run.  They stay in my ear comfortable.
    I like the long life of the battery very easy to set up with my phone
    Great quality.
    So far so good
    So far so good
    Solid product.
    Grast
    Easy of use
    Comfortable and affordable.
    Fit nicely and sounds great
    Nice fit and usb c charging
    Great productGreat customer service
    Great product.
    Good sound quality for the price and very comfortable.
    These headphones are very comfortable and very secure.
    I like the fact that either blue tooth can be the lead
    Sound quality is good bit volume doesn't go very high.
    Work great for the price. Pair easily and sound great.
    Very good sound and quality
    Exactly like the pictures....works well and has great battery life .
    Clear sound listening to my television while I run on the treadmill.
    Good quality.  Excellent battery life 👌
    Charge quickly, and great sound quality.
    Amazing headphones. Can’t beat the price
    Great product
    Great product
    Great product
    Arrived with full charge. Excellent sound quality.
    Thank you shipment was perfect and got my earphones. So far so good!
    Affordable, great sound & battery life. I recommend this headphones.
    Easy to charge and operate
    Great product better price
    Quick and easy to set up and works great.
    Only used twice but so far they are good
    I liked that the sound was great even in a noisy room
    Very comfortable. Easy connection to iPad and iPhone.
    Extremely easy and versatile  to setup.  Great sound.
    Sound quality was great fits comfortable and the battery life is OK
    Bought them for my boyfriend and he loved everything about them!!!!
    Love the new headphones. Sound is great
    The fit is great and sound even better!
    Love these. The sound quality is great.
    I love the bass sound on these earbuds!
    Works great.
    Good quality
    Good product
    Everything is great. I love how comfortable they are.
    Great product
    The earbuds work excellent compared to other brands.
    Iv used the product for 3 hours now and I love them.
    Seems great so far.  Really like that extra ear buds are included!
    Great quality. I like how well the ear buds fit and stay in place!
    The headphones have to be charged EVERYDAY if you use them or not.
    Good noise cancellation couldn’t hear anyone. Sound was good also.
    Works great! Long lasting battery.  Comfortable buds great for gym
    I love them they are comfortable but the charging wire is to short
    Shipped on time, comfortable to wear, and have a good battery life
    I use it for regular daily activities.
    Good affordable blue tooth head phones
    Great sound quality and ease of setup.
    Easy to use
    These earbuds are great!!
    Great product and sound.
    So far its working well.
    Nice pair of headphones.
    Works great
    Lindos, excelente sonido y durabilidad de la bateria
    Base is excellent and a great overall sound quality
    very good sound and time to download is quite long.
    These work great and stay in place during workouts!
    I like the noise cancellation and the sound quality
    My son is very happy with his gift, it sounds good.
    The buds stay in while I run while I've had problems with others.
    Great product. Good sound quality and doesn’t fall out of my ear.
    Fit great and they do the job for when im working out in the gym.
    Fast delivery! Sound is crisp and clear with a good battery life.
    Good pair for a fraction of the price
    Easy setup
    Great Bass
    My boyfriend likes the sound quality and the music sounds amazing
    Very good sound quality
    Perfect fit on my ears, great sound for the price.
    i love the way they sound for both media and calls
    Very comfortable and easy to use. Sound is awesome
    All around the product was better than I expected.
    Excellent sound quality.  Very nice for the price.
    Great out of the package can't wait to get some use out of them.
    The battery life dose not last much that’s the only issue I have
    The headphones have an excellent sound quality and battery life.
    I love this device but it came broke
    My college age daughter loves these!
    Decent volume, battery life and charging is quick.
    Excellent
    Work fine
    Overall, I’ve enjoyed the headphones. Good battery life.
    Easy to sync with phone & excellent sound quality
    Like the Earphones - good sound . easy to operate
    Love them. Great sound and comfortable. Best ones I've had yet.
    Love these earbuds. Would give 10 stars if that were an option.
    They fit comfortably around your ears. Sound quality was great.
    I have no complaints, very pleased how they fit and stay in ear
    Impressed with quality for the money. Working very well so far.
    These headphones are great I would recommend them
    Exactly what I wanted
    Exelent sound quality
    My husband loves them
    Its good
    just got them and hopping they work well for me.
    Great looking and comfortable pair of ear phones
    Use with my iPad Pro and my iPhone, works great!
    Very comfortable and easy to setup. Came fully charged already
    I love these headphones there amazing I recommend to everyone.
    Fit great! Love them!
    Great for the price! Sync easily !
    Very Good, prompt customer service
    Very good sound. Fits comfortable.
    It is working good and good price and quality for this product
    Awesome
    They are really good for the price!
    Very nice headphones
    Easy to work with and workout in with no cords!
    Ordered and were delivered quickly. Works good.
    Me encantan estos audifonos la bateria dura muchisimo tiempo.
    Very nice quality, love the sound
    Favorite earbuds to workout with.
    I love the sound quality and the charging case is outstanding.
    Great sound and noise reduction mic works great
    The product performance was great
    Very good Heaphones
    Thoroughly pleased.
    Was an awesome gift
    These earbuds fit and sound great
    These earbuds are great. Very loud and clear. No complaints.
    It’s great to wear while mowing, traveling, and working out!
    Easy to use and set up, very comfortable, good sound quality
    Great sound quality.  Hold a charge well and are convenient.
    They came neatly packaged with a 75%charge for immediate use
    Awesome product I wouldn’t search any further.
    great sound for the price range.
    FIT GREAT AND SOUND IS WONDERFUL
    Stays put well even with glasses
    Case would not charge on its own
    great connection with any device
    Great
    Surprising quality. Would buy again. Great sound and volume.
    Works really well.
    I have no dislikes
    Great Battery Life
    My boyfriend loves these headphones they’re awesome thanks!
    These work exactly for what I need and work well in general
    The sound quality is amazing and long lasting battery life!
    They are great they first well and have great sound quality
    Earbuds sit great on ears and the bass is not bad for price
    This product is worth buying. I highly recommend buying it.
    Love the fit and performance. The left one will not charge.
    Great product. Everything I was looking for in one headset.
    Love them, can hear the bass way better than other earbuds.
    Amazing value, sound, light weight, great fit
    The earbuds stay in your ear and sound great!
    So far these are doing the job for the price!
    Great earbuds that have amazing sound quality
    Sound good, batteries life good
    Bought for my husband for work.
    All PositivesNo Negatives
    Fits around the ear very nicely
    Used once and they worked well.
    customer service is excellent and product is excellent too.
    They sound perfect
    Perfect earbuds and the sounds is amazing!!!!!
    The earphone is very comfortable on the ears.
    Excellent product
    Awesome heaohones
    I liked them so much that hubby wanted a pair.
    Good quality audio, exceptional for the price
    Fits well, I like being able to read battery level as well
    Great sound and life time does everything they say it does
    I have had no issues with them so far they work very well.
    These headphones are great. And the price was even better.
    Great quality, has a similar sound effect like the AirPods
    Good sound, comfortable, good battery life .
    Sound great, very comfortable, good battery.
    Love them. The fit perfect and sound amazing
    Ear buds fit great, easy to pair, look nice.
    They fit my ears, unlike the Apple products.
    The headphones far exceeded my expectations.
    Great product for the price very good indeed
    Use while listening to YouTube
    Quick charge, comfortable fit.
    Amazing product. Awesome sound
    very happy with the headphones
    Comfortable, quality sound, long battery life. Well worth the price.
    Awesome product.
    Good look, small
    Quality is great
    These are great!
    Love them so far
    Se les acaba la batería muy pronto
    Sound quality
    works great and i like the charge case that comes with it
    They look really cool and they won't fall out when I run!
    Battery life is great, nose cancellation almost too good.
    I like the fit on the ear, very comfortable. Great sound.
    Great fitting product, use at work and for riding my bike
    I bought this product to help me relax throughout the day
    So far this has been easy to use, and good sound quality!
    Real good quality, exactly what I expected. Very pleased.
    It's a total bass buster ...sounds great!!!
    They fit in my ears nicely & don't fall out
    So far so good! Easy pairing! Sounds great!
    sound is excellent bass is good comfortable
    Very good headphones good quality and comfy
    The delivery and warranty setup were great.
    I love them. They look good and sound good.
    Great Headphones
    Sound is great with easy use.
    Nice quality and easy to use.
    I like everything about them.
    Love the product
    works very well
    Don't work well
    Awesum product.
    Great love them
    They work great
    Very good sound
    Nice sound quality for the price. Like the battery life.
    Great product...good battery life...better than expected
    Great headphones, awesome customer service
    Great sound quality at an affordable price
    Very comfortable and feel secure on my ear
    Really enjoying my Bluetooth
    Great buy! Plan to buy more!
    Comfortable and the sound quality is good.
    Sound quality good, case is nice and small.
    They seem to fit really good
    Great product. Easy to use. The sound is good and clear.
    Fast delivery and headphones look awesome!
    Awesome sound.
    They work great for running!
    Love the ear buds!!!! So much easier than wired ones!!!
    Sound quality was good and the got around the was good.
    Very comfortable, super quick pairing and great sound!!
    Comfortable fit, easy to pair, excellent sound quality.
    Battery life is great, these are great for working out.
    fast delivery and good quality product...
    Good sound quality, it's worth the money.
    Absolutely love. Best earbuds I've bought
    Music and talking on the phone hands free
    Good quality so far. Comfortable to wear.
    It works really good and last a long time
    I love the sound quality and battery life
    Great fit and sound quality
    Great sound and comfortable
    Love the headset great bass
    Great deal for you pay for.
    Great quality
    Very good fit
    Great quality
    Great product
    Great Product
    Sounds great!
    Warranty good
    Very high tech, work great.
    Very good haven't had A problem with them
    The sound quality is great and the bass is exceptional
    Disliked how small the case was have already lost them
    Great sounds quality and best headphone for the price!
    Sound is amazing I love these earphones.
    Good earbuds, comfortable while running.
    Sounds quality and battery life excellent
    Sounds great for the price
    Excellent fit for my ears.
    I like the way they charge
    Really nice sound quality.
    Sounds great
    Works great!
    Loud & clear
    Great service quick delivery, awesome sound quality!!
    They work great to help have your hands free at work!
    I love these things And they fit perfectly in the ear
    The sound is wonderful and it fits perfect in the ear
    Sound is great case is awesome and the price is right
    Love it! The sound quality was better than expected!!
    Best true wireless earbuds I have found
    I use this product for work and at home when to listen to music
    Nice sound and good bass.
    Sound quality is amazing!
    Great headphones, good sound quality and battery life
    Great product
    Great alternative to pricey brands.
    Everything described about the Occiam was spot on. Great value.
    Nice case easy connection
    They are very low when I’m on the phone
    I love them
    Great sound
    Sounds much better than my galaxy active headphones.
    Easy to use, comfortable, sounds is great! Worth it!
    I’m very pleased with the quality of the head phones
    Seem legit. Just opened the box and is charging now.
    Like the case and the size, good noise cancellation.
    I love the sound and convenience of these headphones
    Great sound, and super simple charging case! Love it
    I like the noise cancellation and sound quality!!!!!
    Has good sound and noise cancellation.
    These earbuds are exactly what I like.
    Product arrived early and works great!
    I like the sound and the battery life.
    Great for working out and stay secure.
    Great quality and price.
    It’s a wonderful product
    Great price and quality.
    Me agrado que suena bien
    Sound quality is great!!
    The sound is exceptional
    Great quality, for an amazing price!!!
    Work great
    Great gift
    Great sound. Secure fit.
    The sound quality is great and batter life is great
    Girlfriend uses it for everyday use... she loves it
    The case stopped holding a charge after three weeks
    Very comfortable. Love the digital battery feature.
    Haven’t had them for long but so far very satisfied
    Stay in my ears great and great sound
    Fit great. Sounds good for the price.
    Perfect for working out
    good quality headphones
    Great price for quality
    Better quality and life
    Very nice and reliable.
    Great sound! Holds a powerful charge.
    Thank you
    Shipped fast, easy to pair and great sound quality
    I like how loud they are and are very comfortable.
    linked up with my phone easily.  no issues so far.
    So far they're exactly what I wanted
    Great product for the price you pay.
    So far; very reliable. Great Choice.
    Headphones are amazing
    Seem to work real well
    So far they are great!
    So far so good! I love everything about them 😊
    Love them
    Good sounds quality like them very well so far...
    Really good product. I like sound quality .thanks
    The sound quality is great! And I love the design
    Solid quality very good, very sharp looking case.
    Sound great and the case is super sleep and cool!
    Works better then my triple the price headphones.
    Great product. A major upgrade from my last pair!
    Sound quality and nice battery life
    Good sound quality and easy to pair
    Great performance and sound quality
    The sound is awesome.
    It super easy to use.
    Stay on, and are loud
    So far they are great
    Awesome!
    The best earbuds ever
    bought as a gift and she likes them
    Works great.  Good price, and long battery life.
    Great fitting, sound, and charging
    Comfortable and have a great sound
    These stay in place while running.
    My husband has these for Christmas
    Nice sound and fits the ears nicely
    Solid for the price.
    Husband loves these.
    The sound is awesome
    I like it. It's clear and i use it fir my phone.
    Good sound quality and battery life for the price.
    Great sound. Comfortable fit. Good battery life.
    Sound is good, but a slight delay between earbuds.
    I love the style and sound quality
    Sound quality and price are great for the price
    Love the fit on my ears and the sound is insane
    Very satisfied also I would purchase them again
    I bought these for my husband and he loves them
    This pair of headphones are a great investment.
    Very good headphones. Great bass. Good quality.
    Love the headphones great sound quality and fit
    Excellent product. Fast shipping.
    Amazing sound quality and design!
    forced to do this to get warranty
    Works very well and has a microphone on it also
    Sound is real clear
    Great for the price
    The sound is great!
    Great for zoom meetings and listening to music.
    Perfect gift for anyone!
    great
    Great
    Sound quality is amazing! It’s clear as a bell
    Great sound quality, comfortable and fit well.
    Sound quality could be better but sleek design
    my earbuds are very nice and work as described
    My daughter has been pleased with them so far.
    Great product sound quality good
    Headphone are just as described!
    Fast delivery and great quality.
    Comfortable and long charge life
    Great product, good battery life
    Excellent design and very trendy
    Great product and quick shipping
    Very comfortable and easy to use
    Great sound and great price. Very Comfortable.
    I like them so far
    Good sound quality
    Use it for reading
    Product works well
    Very user friendly
    Great headphones!!
    Noise cancellation
    They feel good in my ears. Not too deep, not to shallow.
    Nice charging case
    So far so good. Easy connection.
    like
    Good
    These are great!  I use them daily
    Great.
    They fit in my perfectly and cancel out noise
    I love my headphones but they ain't that loud
    Easy to use good sound very good battery life
    Tough to find something better at this price.
    So comfortable even when I'm active outdoors.
    This wireless earbuds is good for me at work.
    fast delivery and battery seems to last well.
    Love the size of the headphones
    FOR MY WORK COMPUTER,WORKS GOOD
    Fast setup in less than 60 sec.
    Excellent wireless earphones! Would buy again
    They work perfect
    Noise cancelation
    Bought these for a gift my husband loves them
    Great sound. Great battery life. Stupendous!
    Absolutely love these ear buds! Great sound!
    Got them for my daughter and she loves them.
    Good product for the price, would recommend.
    Since I received it for 25 days working fine
    My daughter loves these. They fit perfectly.
    Fits great. Pairing was simple. Easy to use.
    so far so good, will update if I have issues
    Great product and highly approve of quality!
    The left piece doesn't charge.
    They sound great and fit well!
    Great quality for a low price.
    Perfect headphones for my wife
    good quality. easy charging and clear sound.
    Good for running
    Great earphones!
    Great Headphones
    Nice headphones!
    Great Headphones
    Ok
    Sound is as good as the more expensive ones
    These are good earbuds :) great for the gym
    Stays on and provides  great sound quality.
    product seems to be worth it's price so far
    The sound and ease of pairing great quality
    Nice product. Great quality and durability.
    Quick delivery, comfortable and great sound
    It’s sorta confusing to put in your ear ngl
    Clear and crisp sound and very comfortable.
    Comfortable and easy to set up. Sound great
    The setup was very easy to do
    Clear sound and light weight.
    Came within reasonable time and fits perfectly
    Nice headphones
    They work great
    Quality Product
    So far so good!
    Great  quality. And love them
    Great bluetooth
    Great product for the price, can’t beat it.
    Sounds great and the batter lasts FOREVER.
    Very comfortable.  Love the charging case.
    I like them just wish the ears fit tighter
    They are comfortable and works as intended
    These headphones are well worth the price!
    They fit perfectly and the sound is great.
    Working great so far. Easy set up and use.
    Excelente, es cómodo y se escucha muy bien
    Great product for the price.
    I used this product for work
    Great product!
    Sound is great
    Nothing at all
    They're amazing I enjoy my pair.
    Husband loves the earbuds, great quality.
    They work great and they're really useful
    Great product. Works great as I run a lot
    Very comfortable and great sound quality!
    Sound Quality was very good
    I like them. They work good
    Sound quality is excellent.
    The digital display is good
    Is awesome get set for real
    Sound quality is very good!
    Good quality and work great
    great sound comfortable fit
    Very good sound quality for a great price
    Sound quality
    Sound quality
    Sound quality
    They’re okay.
    Well designed
    Great EarBuds
    Great product
    Sound quality
    I like the sleek feel of this headphones
    Sound is good and they hold battery life
    Don’t like the battery life or the sound
    Buena calidad, buen sonido, llego rapido
    Connecting with Bluetooth is super easy.
    Great sound just what I was looking for!
    Le falta mejorar la cancelacion de ruido
    Works good and match perfectly on my ear
    U will love its cery clear
    fits nicely around my ear.
    Good Sound Quality and Fit
    Great product and quality for the price!
    Great sound!
    Not sure yet
    Very timely!
    Nice so far!
    Good quality
    Easy to use.
    Sound is awsome love everything about it
    Good product
    Sounds great. Easy to use!
    Comfortable to wear and great sound quality!
    Easy to set up and affordable
    Sounds great, especially for the price!
    Comfortable and bass is loud and clear.
    Great sound quality. Unbelievable price
    Great product! Would totally buy again.
    Useful for working out/active lifestyle
    Got these as a gift.  They are awesome.
    nice charging carry case. fast delivery
    Awesome quality and sound
    the sound quality is good
    Love the quality of sound
    Great sound
    Great sound
    Works great
    Easy to use
    Easy set up
    Works great
    Sound is great. Stays on your ear well
    Long battery life and super convenient
    Shipped fast. Easy to pair. Good sound
    I like the sound and that they stay on
    I would this product for everything...
    Good sound, great price.
    The headphones were good
    Easy to use, good sound.
    Fit well and easy to use
    I like the sound quality
    Love it 🥰
    good sound
    They fit nice in the ear
    Sound quality is amazing
    It was good
    My daughter loves her new headphones!
    They are amazing completely recommend
    Very nice  sound quality ! I loved it
    Just received these and loving them .
    Comfortable and quality
    Great sound easy-to-use
    I really enjoy the them
    Great earbuds..love it!
    Good battery life and Bluetooth range
    Love them
    Excelente
    Holy cow!
    Sound quality, I use it for exercise
    Great shipping, seem decent quality!
    I like everything about this earbuds
    The quality of the sound is amazing.
    Happy with purchase earbuds fit well
    Works great I love it!
    Love these ear buds!!!
    Love them
    It works just as well as i hoped-for
    These are great thank you very much
    So Far as described and fit nicely.
    Really liked the quality worth it!!
    The noise cancellation is wonderful
    Good product stylish and affordable
    WOULD RECOMEND HIGHLY FOR THE PRICE
    Just got these and like them so far
    Easy to operate and use for comfort
    Pairing was easySound is good
    Good quality and sound, fit perfect
    Just got it, and it's great so far.
    Ease of use - sound quality is good
    Sounds good and great battery life.
    Amazing sound quality
    Seem to be a good fit
    best ive ever listened to must have
    Compact yet comfortable. Nice sound
    It's ok
    Awesome battery life!
    Quality
    Sounds great battery lasts forever
    Good earbuds. Great sound quality.
    Comfortable and good sound quality
    5 stars would definitely buy again
    Very sturdy and nice
    Great sound quality!
    I love the clearness
    Works as advertised.
    Strong sound quality
    Good quality product for the price.
    Just what I needed for my running
    Great product! Great for running!
    I like them to listen to my music
    Fit and function are great so far
    Good sound quality nice and clear
    Great sound and comfort for price
    Great fit and sound
    Its a great product
    Great sound quality
    Great for the price
    Everything is good.
    Perfect fit for my young daughter.
    Great
    Sound
    Clear
    Great
    Awesome headphones!
    It's very easy to setup and use.
    Good sound quality for the price
    These are the perfect headphones
    Does exactly what was advertised
    Comfortable ..just what I needed
    Great sound.  Long battery life.
    Great sound and very comfortable
    forget paying $200 for air pods.
    Good feel i use them for running
    Worked as expected
    Good sound quality
    Work great so far!
    Love how they fit!
    Love these earbuds
    Awesome headphones
    Best on the market
    five stars for lifetime warrenty
    Awesome headphones
    Best charging port
    Very nice earbuds for the price.
    Came late, but great headphones
    Nice but charging cord to small
    Very good sound and comfortable
    Very affordable and work great!
    Se los recomiendo buenos bienos
    Works great and fits perfectly.
    Great design and sound quality.
    Great Product. Would recommend.
    They are comfy and sound great.
    Its good, its good fit for ear.
    They're good and fit perfectly.
    Excellent product
    Great headphones!
    They are awesome!
    I love the sound.
    Good long lasting
    excellent product
    Absolutely love these earphones
    Good earbuds for a great price
    Very secure and comfortable!!!
    Liked the fit and great sound.
    Very comfy, good sound quality
    Like the display
    Very comfortable
    Great headphones
    Great headphones
    Great headphones
    These are great!
    Excelent earbuds
    Great headphones
    Great earbuds with easy setup.
    Very well made product
    They fit great and work well.
    The battery last long enough.
    I really enjoyed this product
    GREAT PRODUCT FOT THE PRICE !
    Really comfort and good sound
    Best Bluetooth I've owned yet
    Loved how clear they sounded!
    Great product. Quick shipping
    They're just what I expected.
    Great product😎
    These are great
    Good headphones
    Good headphones
    Awesome Product
    Like everything
    Seems to work as advertised.
    It has great sound quality!!
    Stay away from this product.
    Occiam Best wireless earbuds
    Great earbuds for the price!
    Great sound at a fair price!
    Amazing sound, fast delivery
    Great quality for the price!
    Love everything about these.
    Great quality!
    So far so good
    Great quality!
    Fast shipping, sound quality
    They really stay on your ears
    These headphones are great!
    I think it is good overall.
    So far, they've been great.
    good one to use, until now.
    Works well and sounds great
    Nice earphones! Works well!
    Great product
    Good speakers
    Great quality
    Great produce
    Sounds great!
    great product
    Great product
    The earbuds do not fall out
    Love the noise cancellation
    Love the SOUND IS GREAT
    Used for a really noisy gym
    Good earbuds recommend them
    Good quality.
    Comfy fit and great sounds
    Great value for the price!
    Very pleased, fast service
    Everything I had hoped for
    product is great for price
    Good product and beautiful
    Sound great!
    Good so far!
    Good product
    Men encantan
    Good product
    As expected!
    Great so far
    It was great
    Sounds great
    I love them!
    Sounds great
    Good product
    These are great headphones
    Love this!!!
    Great quality!
    The headphones sound nice
    I love the charger gauge.
    Sound quality and comfort
    Great fit and bass sound!
    Great service and quality
    Sound quality is amazing!
    great price great quality
    Comfortable
    Sound Great
    Great sound
    Comfort fit
    Great value
    Sound good.
    works great
    Get product
    Easy to use
    I love the sound quality
    Great product for price!
    I love it! Great product
    Easy to use, sound great
    Pretty go ok d for prive
    I love the sound quality
    The sound Is really good
    Sound good
    execellant
    Wonderful!
    Fits great
    Clear sound and quality.
    Looks good
    Sound good
    Great price and product
    Amazing a sleek earbuds
    Sound quality very good
    They fit my small ears!
    They fit my small ears!
    Happy with my purchase.
    Exactly what I expected
    Works great easy to use
    Great product for value
    Great sound and elegant
    Product was as expected
    More base
    Great buy
    Thank you
    Sounds ok
    Awesome sound quality.
    I enjoy these earbuds.
    Sound quality is great
    The earbuds work great
    When I good to the gym
    Sound quality is great
    Not bad not bad at all
    Muy bien
    Loved it
    Perfecto
    Its loud
    It’s great, I love them.
    Sound quality is good
    Great for small ears.
    Great quality product
    overall great product
    No entanglement...gym
    Really nice earbuds !
    It good
    Awesome
    Nothing
    Love it
    I like how it sounds
    Very easy to charge.
    Comfortable to wear.
    Easy and great sound
    They are comfortable
    Great sound quality!
    Great sound and fit.
    Arrived as expected.
    Music sounds amazing
    They are pretty cool
    Sound quality very good
    The work perfect
    Only one of the earbuds works.
    Love them work great
    Excellent Product!!
    Comfortable to wear
    Great sound quality
    I am very satisfied
    Good sound quality!
    Great
    Great
    Great
    Great
    Great
    Great
    Thank
    Love these ear buds
    Great
    Awesome love them!
    They are very nice
    Really like these.
    Good Sound Quality
    Awesome headphones
    My wife loved them
    Good
    Cool
    Good
    Work
    Excelente producto
    These are awesome!
    Bought two of them
    Very Nice Product
    Loved the product
    Stays on my ears!
    Volume is too low
    Sounds is perfect
    Talking and music
    Great Headphones!
    Love them so much
    They were amazing
    Good battery life
    To enjoy a music
    Very comfortable
    Loved everything
    Great Product!!!
    Clarity of sound
    Perfect for work
    Good price point
    Amazing product!
    Its good quality
    Great headphones
    So far, so good
    So far so good!
    So far, so good
    Great product!!
    Excellant sound
    Good headphones
    Excellent Sound
    Good headphones
    Good headphones
    They are great!
    Awesome product
    The charge case
    awesome quality
    read the title
    They are great
    Good for price
    Sound quality.
    easy to set up
    Great product.
    Doesn’t charge
    They are great
    Like very much
    connect easily
    So far so goid
    Used it for working out.
    They work good
    No more wires!
    Great product!
    sound quality
    They’re great
    Sound quality
    Great so far!
    Sound quality
    Sound Quality
    Great product
    Quality=price
    Awesome sound
    Great product
    Great product
    Sound is good
    Awesome sound
    Nice product.
    Great Product
    Great product
    Good bass, easy to pair
    Great sound!!
    Great sounds
    Great value!
    Best quality
    Good product
    Great so far
    It’s awesome
    Good quality
    Great sound!
    Nice product
    Love these!!
    Love these!!
    Good product
    Good Quality
    Good Product
    Good quality
    Battery Life
    Great sound
    Comfortable
    great sound
    Works great
    Works great
    Works well!
    Ease of use
    Great sound
    Easy set up
    Just opened
    Easy to use
    Good sound!
    Works great
    Lightweight
    I found it ok so far.
    Love them!
    Works nice
    I love it.
    Great buds
    Fits great
    Good sound
    good stuff
    Battery life on case
    Good sound
    Nice ones
    I love it
    Good fit.
    Very nice
    Excellent
    Very good
    Work well
    Very good
    Great fit
    Love them
    Not bad for the price!
    Nice ear buds
    Nice fit
    Straight
    Sounds pretty nice
    Best sound
    For work
    Awesome
    Awesome
    Awesome
    awesome
    Awesome
    Love it
    Great headphones
    Buenos
    Great
    Hello
    Great
    Great
    Great
    Great
    Great
    Love!
    Great
    Great
    Good
    Good
    Like
    Like
    good
    Cool
    Like
    good
    Good
    N/a
    n/a
    Music
    The charging case on this is terrible. I had the case plugged in for three
days and was using the ear pieces here and there. The ear pieces amd case were
fully charged when I unplugged the case from the power supply. I then left them
at home, fully charged and unplugged while I ran errands for the day.When I got
home, about 10 hours later, I went to go use them to listen to music. Much to my
surprise, even though both the case and ear pieces were fully charged when I
left, the case only had 38% charge left. This is unacceptable.
    Overall, good set of headphones for the money. My only complaints is that
mine do not turn off when placed in the charger so it drains the charging case
battery even when the headphones are full battery (unless I am missing
something). Additionally, the audio cuts out for a second at a time a fairly
regular amount. Usually it is pretty good but today for isn't and it was bad
enough with my laptop I stopped using them. I still like them and they're still
good quality for the money.Update about a month later: I have ditched these for
Powerbeats Pro for Black Friday. The battery confusion noted continued-they
would be left in the case until next use and even then lower battery alerts
happened frequently. I also found sometimes the audio would cut out at times.
With the Powerbeats, no charging issues and no audio issues-they even recognize
when one or both off my ears and pause my music (such as if someone talks to me
and I need to take one ear off to listen). Playback resumes when I put the
earpiece back on my ear.
    I returned these earbuds after only a few days as it was obvious they were
poor quality even considering the price paid. They would not charge fully and
the indicators in the case that were supposed to show the level of charge did
not work at all. The percentage display just flickered. I would not recommend
purchasing these.
    UPDATE: left earphone died two days in. Guess it was too good to be trueOLD
REVIEW:HOLY COW. TRUE WIRELESS has FINALLY caught up. Replaced my lost 200$
earphones with these (not true wireless , wired at back) and these sound JUST AS
GOOD. only downside for me is that the biggest bud is still not enough to seal
outside noises, but that’s more useful for me at work.Cannot recommend these
enough. No way you get better sound for even quadruple the price.
    The sound on these headphones is mediocre but the description of having
"deep bass" is overstated. The bass is good, better than other like headphones
I've used, but certainly not "deep" as I would describe it. I wouldn't expect to
get the same sound quality out of these as you would the more expensive brands
but I also didn't hear a noticeable enough difference to justify spending the
extra money compared to a cheaper set.REVISED: For the first time I used these
when really working out. After about 10 minutes one or both of the headphones
would randomly shut off and then turn back on. At first it was the left, then
the right. I had "won" a second set so I tried the other set and the same thing
happened.What I realized is that when I was sweating (I sweat a lot when I
workout) the sweat was "shorting out" the charging ports. Sometimes they'd come
right back on, other times they wouldn't. Again, this happened with both sets so
it isn't a defective product it is just a horrible design.Also what I discovered
is that if you need to charge the headphones you can't have the case plugged in.
What happens is the case charges first and only when it gets to 100% do the
headphones start to charge. But the problem with that is that once the case
drops to 99% (from the headphones drawing a charge) the headphones stop
charging. If your headphones are dead and your case doesn't have enough charge
to charge them back, plugging in the case does nothing to charge the headphones
until the case is FULLY charged. Again another really poor design.Finally the
distance you can travel from the device they are paired to is HORRIBLE. I got
maybe 10 feet away and they started cutting out.Because of this I can only
recommend these to someone who A) wants mediocre sound, B) Doesn't plan on using
them often, C) Doesn't plan on sweating when they are used, and D) Doesn't stray
too far from the device they are paired with.If the return period weren't over
they'd be on their way back. I guess they'll be good for zoom calls for work.
    I really like these earphones, and they were exactly what I was looking
for... but the case is a major fail. I thought I got a defective one, so got a
replacement. Still a fail.These earphones sound good, they work independently of
each other, they turn on and off with the earphones, they have volume up/down
buttons, an actual button to control them (and not a touch/smart button), and
etc. I used them for work meetings with no complaints about sound and I dont
think people realized I had them on.Here is the downside... the case is garbage.
The case doesnt always detect when the earphones are put in, so you have kind
jiggle them or take them out and put them back it. You can help this a little by
cleaning the contacts on the earphones and case. If you turn the earphones off
and put them in the case, they turn back on, which isnt a big deal.But the two
major flaws are this... 1. Even if the earphones are at 100% the case will still
"charge" and run down. So if you want it to be able to charge the earphones, you
have to charge the case before using. (charged the earphones inside the case,
both were at 100%. Came back the next day and the case was at 0).2. Randomly the
case will start giving off a very very low, high pitched whining noise. It might
happen a couple times a day or once a day. If you shake the case or move the
earphones, it will stop. Its VERY annoying, and piercing.
    I found these earbuds extremely hard to wear (put on and lock in place) and
believe me, I do not have special size ears.They Never felt they were stable (I
bought them for running and active sports activities) unless you are wearing
sunglasses because they anchor them down. Not comfortable but at least
stable.The charging box metal prongs got stuck just after two weeks I got them
so one of the earbuds would not charge anymore. I didn't even bother trying to
fix, call, exchange them... straight in the trash!
    I just bought these headphones 10/29/2020 and my $11 earbuds are better than
these! I hate wasting money on something that is so misleading. I let the case
charge over night with headphones inserted inside, Still the headphones die! So
I thought maybe the case charged only. So I removed the charger and let the
headphones charge. They work for exactly 3 hours. I started at 8:30 this morning
(halloween) they died 11:29 a.m. I'm so hurt and very upset. People don't have
money to waste on a company that can not make headphones, but charge $30! Gar-
bage!!!!!!!!!! Do not buy!!!!! Faulty!
    The Good - comfortable on the ears, sound great, holds a charge well,
buttons are pretty intuitive.  Based on these items I am happy.The Bad - the
case/charging is a bad design.  The case charges just fine and the digital
readout of charge level is great.  The phones sit in perfectly and the bars tell
you how recharged they are; again great.  But if you leave the ear pieces in the
charger the charger will continues to charge and will deplete itself in 24
hours. So, you cannot use the case to protect or travel with the ear pieces.
This is a HUGE design fault.I use my ear plugs exclusively at home and so
storing them without the case it stupid but doable.  But if you want to travel
with the ear pieces and have the ability to use/charge from the case you will be
very unhappy.  I would not recommend these based solely on the case design.
Every other aspect of the ear phones is great.UPDATE 1 - lower stars to 1 - So,
you can manually turn off the ear pieces and return them to the case to charge.
But when you do that they turn back on, sync with your phone, and now you will
not receive and notifications or answer a call because all audio is going to the
ear phones which is in the case.
    They are comfortable and I like that they don't take up too much pocket
space. The sound quality is nice. The noise cancelation is even better.One
complaint I have is that even when they are charging, they will still pick up
calls. So, I've missed calls because I thought that them being in the case and
plugged in would free my phone. Not at all. I also don't like the fact that they
drain my phone's battery. It went from a full battery down to 60% within 3
hours, even though with my other headphones the phone battery drops at most to
90% (with constant music and occasional internet surfing) after a full shift at
work. The ear bud's battery life also drops significantly at the same time it's
killing my phone. Maybe I have a bad pair. I've just gone back to using my last
pair. I will not be getting anymore.
    I bought these because of the over the ear loops primarily.  I tried 3
different pairs of the insertable types and nothing worked for me.  These never
fall off my ear while I'm working, golfing etc.  I love the fact they have the
volume up/down buttons along with the answer button so I don't have to pull out
my phone every time.The issues:  when I first got this package the first thing I
did was to play a few songs and turn the volume all the way up.  1 - Even though
the description says "Deep Bass" there's hardly any bass.  2 - I also notice
during phone calls when I'm around  loud equipment/tool etc. the volume isn't
loud enough to hear the person speaking.  I've had them about a month prior to
writing this.I currently have 7 pairs including a pair of Beats, these are the
best of the lot.Hope this helps someone.
    Sleek looking buds that I think are a suitable alternative to AirPods.EDIT:
After using them for quite some time there are some downsides to these.1)
Sometimes the sound will be out of sync and you will have to impair/turn of
earpiece2) When placing in the charging box for storage they will sometimes
remain on and drain the battery and you will find yourself with dead headphones
and a dear charging box often.Other than those grips I love these headphones.
Hopefully the next revision will fix these issues or it could just be my
pair.Edit 2:Seems the issue has resolved itself after a repair.
    The case again does not charge despite replacement by amazon of the first
one. Had contacted seller per amazon customer service rep, but no response
received from manufacturer.
    Sound is great, but if you wear them while sweating, your sweat covers the
charging "ports" making it think they are in the case, so they shut off and come
back on randomly.
    I've had these ear buds for a while and within 6 weeks, the right earbud
won't keep a charge.  I've only been able to use them for a little over an hour
before I have to switch to another headset.  If I had known this, I wouldn't
have purchased them.  They are semi comfortable, but not worth it.
    I bought these for sleep music.  I am a sidesleeper and none of the ear pads
were comfortable.  Sound Quality,  I spent years in the High End Audio business
and found these to be like a poorly constructed loudspeaker,  Lots of BOOM BOOM
but don't go low frequencies.  No Hi End and Horrible Midrange.  Like the old
JBLs people thought they were good for bass because of the BOOM BOOM but no real
low frequencies and Midrange was an afterthought and Hi Frequencies lacking in
quality with no dispersion.
    Returning. Was not able to ever power down to the charge wouldn't deplete.
Said they would power down in 3 minutes and never did. They sounded great, my
husband loved running with them, but we don't want to have to keep them on the
charger all the time.
    These things restart with every push of the button. Not impressed when the
replacements did the same thing. Another reviewer explained it to me, the
charging contacts connect with the side of your sweaty head and shut off
automatically.
    Ok this is an update review. These guys included a promotion scratch off and
it said I won a free pair of headphones don’t really need an extra pair but I’ll
give them to my kid. I gave them a good review like they asked now in follow-up
they said the product that I showed in my review was not the proper product
which is total BS. This is my first pair of wireless headsets so how could I get
it wrong. I’m waiting to see if they send me a free pair if not I will come back
and update you guys so be forewarned over all the product is decent for the
price but they are no Dre beats
    I was hoping to get a good product, but unfortunately I was wrong.  The
product is either defective or not good to begin with.  Every time I move my arm
or head, the sound goes out, occasionally, at random.Cannot recommend this
product at all.
    These are terrible!! They turn on and off at random times. You’ll be in mid
lift and one ear bud just turns off. Probably the worst earbuds I’ve bought and
I’ve bought plenty,
    I’ve just received these...The appearance & fit is nice...I will use one as
a Bluetooth.. not as ear buds.The positives:Light weightSoft over the ear
clipComfortable fitPeople report sound quality as goodNegatives:-even though
others report good sound quality, the sound for me is like someone is out in the
distance or has their cheek over their speaker when talking-They are the first
Bluetooth that plugs the sound quality to hear while wearing - not just on a
call....feels like & sounds like your hearing is closed off/plugged in one ear -
very irritating.-the distance from your phone is limited unlike the BluAnt.
Can’t go far from the phone.-there are convenience features missing as with
other bluetooths... there’s no message reminding you that you’re too far from
the phone. This is a feature I value - especially when forgetting your phone, it
serves as a reminder.-I can’t click the bud to turn on my iTunes music as with
other buds.-there IS a delay when answering my phone - it’s a second or so
before it clicks from phone to bud....not sure why.Unknown yet:-have not gotten
any reports from others yet on background noise - just received them  - I.e.
talking while multi-tasking.If I can’t get the “ear plugged” sound issue fixed
while wearing them, I’ll have to return them. I feel like I need to clear my
ears when flying - it’s constant.  Uncomfortable feeling because the ear is
plugged - I’m not sure how to fix this. There extra pads are too big & makes it
worse.Anyone else have this problem?
    First pair received did not workSecond pair works fine but occasionally the
left and right don't stay pairedThey will not last half the day even when only
talking for a few hours.Lastly-5 star review required for a warranty. look at
the 5 stars. less than a full concise sentence due to just a few character
requirement for the review process. how does amazon not stop this garbage?
    I was hoping for spiffy wireless headphones that would stay in my ears.  I
read the reviews and decided that these would work.  They do not hold a charge
for more than one use- that’s both the earbuds AND the case.  That was for one
hour’s worth of use.  You get what you pay for.  Find something better
    I just got these yesterday, their very good earphones so far. Awesome noise
cancellation and bass for the price. But it came with the wrong charging cord...
It's not a big deal because I can just get my own, but still, its the
principal...
    These headphone don’t hold a charge long they also offering people
headphones for a good 5-Star review and these aren’t even worth the 1- Star but
it’s as low as I can give don’t waste your money I’m trying to get mine back
now.
    I thought the description claimed that these had a long battery life. Not
so! If I charge the today and don't use them for a day with them fully charged,
there's only half the battery life left when I am ready to use them. That's so
disappointing. So, I only get half the battery life which is used up in one or
two lengthy conversations. False advertising and unfortunate because otherwise
they were exactly what I was looking for.
    The audio quality was so-so. The charging case lost a third of its charge in
a few hours time, perhaps defective? When I submitted my email address to
register the product I soon received a flood of dodgy emails from various
sources with unsolicited advertising. That was the last straw, I'm done with
this company. I sent the earbuds back for a refund.
    Audio quality is Okay and very clear,.  The ear pieces are comfortable and
won't fall off easily.  The charger is easy to use and the LED power indicators
work very nicely.  I must take a star off because the battery life is rather
short.  I can get about 3.5 to 4 hours out of each charge.  Each recharge of the
ear pieces will take away somewhere around 18% to 22% of the big battery.  As a
result, the case can provide up to about 4 to 5 recharges.  In my opinion, that
4 hours on each charge is rather short.  I mainly use them in the office while I
work.  I have to recharge the ear pieces during lunch break or I will risk
running out the battery.  Your mileage may vary.
    Initially, I was excited when they came but as soon as I opened the case I
knew something want right. There were no indicators for battery life of the case
or buds even after I let it charge over night. Sending back immediately. I
should've just went with my gut and got the Samsung ones I really wanted 😒
    It's quite comfortable on my ears. It comes with different size rubber for
the ear, so you can change it according to your ear size. My charger charges
well.
    They work okay, I use them for jogging and exercising, every now and then
they'll start cutting in and out for a bit. They are basic wireless headphones
that can be used individually or as a set, they hold charge okay and pairing was
easy.  If you can afford to spend more or use them more than a few hours a week,
I'd suggest looking elsewhere.
    I had a lot of hope for these earphones. They were a decent price and I love
the design. However when I got them the charging cable didn’t work at all. The
case would not charge no matter what I tried and the earphones are now dying.
Also, sometimes one earphone will randomly turn off while theother stays
connected. I’m hoping these issues are just because I got a dud so I’ve asked
for a replacement but so far these earphones are a major miss. How can the
charging cable received directly from the manufacture and brand new that came
from their item not work?? Poor quality.UPDATE:I ordered the replacement of
these earphones and they never arrived. I’ve never had so much trouble with a
pair of earphones in my life. Had to ask for a full refund. Extremely
disappointed.
    Update: Dropping rating to three cause the sound quality is good, just can't
use them for what I need them for. These stop working on my run! The whole
reason I bought them was to wear while running. Guessing the sweat caused it.
Couldn't get them to start working again even after wiping them off. Really
disappointed.Original: Just received my earbuds and paired them to my phone. No
issues so far and the sound quality is fantastic! The true test will be on how
well they do when I run a half marathon with them.
    These headphones sounded like a great idea since I can only wear one at work
the Charger station unless you have it plugged in decreases the battery all by
itself even though the headphones are fully charged. I plucked them into charged
with full battery on both headphones the battery pack does not hold a charge by
itself I left them on my counter for 1 day after being charged the next day they
were fully uncharged I don't like that key factor because I don't wear them
daily and I'm not going to leave them on a charger.
    The good:These headphones have something other headphones never had. They
stayed on the ears even during various activities from lying down listening to
music, to running 5 miles and sometimes up to 10, and even stayed on during an
hour long yoga session.The sound quality was above standard wireless headphone
quality when it worked. Even the microphone and wireless talk was extremely
clear, when it worked.The bad:The first time I ordered this product they never
arrived. I had faith after I narrowed my choices to 5 different headphones and
these still came out on top in my personal research way of buying online. I got
them and in less than a few days I noticed something wrong. I haven't even
dropped them once except on carpet and the following has occurred.First, the
headphones drain the charging case while in the case AT ALL. This seriously
decrease the cases battery life.Second, the headphones started having in and out
choppy audio no matter how charged they were.Verdict:These headphones are
ridiculously comfortable and have great quality but are buggy. Shipping failed
the first time through, the case drains itself, and the sound quality is choppy
frequently. It may not be a common issue but I had them and so I will be looking
for different headphones.
    Everything works pretty well with these ear buds except holding a charge. I
can charge the buds in their box to a full charge and they work great if used
right away. But, as soon as I unplug the box from the charger the box starts to
deplete its charge without even removing the ear buds. If left until the next
day no charge left. I have another wireless bud set and bought these mainly as a
back up because I thought I had lost one of the ear buds from my APEKX-BE1028W
that I highly recommend. They take a charge in their box and it lasts for days
and days, even when recharging of the buds is needed.
    Bought these for hubby for Christmas. Package looked sealed and new, but
upon opening the box said the buds were charged to 56%. Kinda strange and
random, but whatever - they worked. Unfortunately, once my husband ran them
down, the charger box wouldn't charge past 38%. Again, strange and random, but
after leaving them on charger for more than 24 hours (some reviews said they
took 48 hours to charge), still the charge never went past 38%. Sent an email to
the company at the email address provided in Q&As, but received no response,
thus I've initiated a return/refund and am leaving this 1-star review so that
others might benefit from our experience.
    Sound cuts out from right earbud. Amazon makes returning product a
nightmare!
    Mine were dead on arrival. The left one won't power on, pair with the right
one or pair with the phone. DOA. I fully charged before I tried anything. The
case says both buds are at 100% but the left doesn't function
    Edit: 90% of the time I can't get any device to even show these. IF it does,
I'm lucky to get it paired. The battery runs down very fast. Maybe 8 or 9 hours.
Not ever 48 hours! Total waste of money. Also, they'll send you another pair in
exchange for a review. What am I supposed to do with 2 pairs that won't
connect??So far these are great! They fit my ears without the discomfort I
usually have from others. I love that when you connect to Bluetooth it tells you
the % of battery left as well.
    These are "ok" earbuds. They cancel out noise well, though the bass boost it
supposedly had is nonexistant. They don't connect well every time. Sound quality
is decent. Charge case and charging is good. Uncomfortable in my ears though
will be different for others I'm sure. Again they aren't terrible, just "ok".
    The sound quality was what you would expect but there were two problems.
One, the case battery when it reached 100% would drain down to 0% in about 24
hours after being fully charged.  Two, the volume controls on the ear buds only
worked occasionally.  The email customer service however was quite good and they
sent me a 2nd set.
    I purchased this item for the battery hours and playback time.  I received
my 1st one and charged it. The pack and the earbuds were at 100%.  By the next
morning the case was at 22%.  I had not even paired the earbuds yet.  So there
was not reason for the battery pack to loose over 75% of its life.  So I
returned it, and received a 2nd one of the same type.  I was giving the product
another chance as electronics can have flaws.  I received my 2nd case, of the
same product.  I charged it so it was at 100% before bed.  The earbuds have not
been paired or used.  The morning, the case was at 39%.  I slight improvement,
but not what I was expecting.  I have purchased earbuds and matching cases
before from different companies and they never drained like this. This product
is suppose to have a total of 40 hours of playtime, including the battery case.
However, if I go on a trip and fully charge it and do not use it until the next
day I will only get 8 hours of time from the buds as the case will be drained
and useless.  I do not recommend this product as there is some type of product
flaw.  I will be returning the product for the 2nd time for a full refund.
    Yesterday was my first time wearing them I put the more when I get to work
they kept saying disconnecting if I laid my phone down on the table and walk a
very short distance it was say disconnecting people say they could barely hear
me today it keeps saying disconnecting and I've only had them on for 4 hours and
this is the first time I love you some as far as talking to someone I have not
listened to the radio or anyting it keeps saying disconnecting, they sent me a
second pair and the right one said low battery how is that and eventually the
right one cutoff but the left one was still working this is horrible I'm
returning this pair to I don't want another pair
    Just prefacing this to say I haven't used these while working out yet but I
have very high hopes for them because they fit so snug on my ears. I do have
smallish ears though so someone with large ears might consider these a little
too snug.The quality was much better than I expected and these headphones are
LOUD. I really didn't expect much so they easily surpassed my expectations.It's
also my first time having headphones that have this digital "screen" type of
interface in the case but I am quite impressed. It's pretty handy for checking
the battery level without having to turn the headphones on.I'll update this post
if I find anything bad about them but so far they seem like great
headphones!Update: Ok so I've worked out 3 times now with these and here's my
thoughts. If you don't already have a pair of headphones or just need to replace
some broken ones then these are OK for that. But after giving these a decent
amount of usage I have lost the honeymoon phase and think these are just OK. I'm
actually not even sure I want to keep them because I have gotten so used to a
heavy bass from my non-workout Sony headphones that now I'm thinking I just need
more bass. Even at it's loudest I just wasn't feeling the bass these claim to
have. So a little disappointed because I was initially blown away and thought
they looked pretty cool.
    Package arrive in a larger box but with no filling so it was jostled around
during shipping. Charging case hinge is damaged and LED does not monitor battery
life at all given it does not even turn on so i do not even know if the case is
charging the headphones. I do not know if these are just base issues or an issue
caused by the packaging.Otherwise they paired to my phone easy enough and have
good sound quality.
    I bought these to use in the gym. They headphones come with a "scratch-off"
prize thing which I won and was told to send an email to customer support to
claim my prize which was a free pair of headphones. One of the prerequisites to
claiming that was leaving a 5 star review (or explaining why not and letting
them address the issue). Here's the issue: I tried the headphones in the gym
once and these get SO much interference, I literally can't put my phone in my
pocket or walk past someone without my music suddenly cutting off several times.
I told the customer support rep from the company and they basically told me to
record the headphones and prove it....how? How am I supposed to record something
that happens inconsistently? So not only did they send me a faulty pair of
headphones and not believe me that they do not work as advertised, but they
tried to get me to write a fake review for them and then stopped responding to
me when I tried to explain. Not happening, terrible customer service. Maybe I
was a 1 in 1000 defective product recipient but honestly buy at your own risk
because if you end up like me you won't get any help.
    I got these specifically for use while I work outdoors and while I exercise.
Unfortunately, the only time they work well is when you aren’t active. Nothing
worse than being up in a tree unable to concentrate because these earbuds keep
cutting in and out with no apparent rhyme or reason. They work alright if I’m
sitting still or walking in a store, but even then they disconnect and turn off
for no reason.Also, they aren’t as sweat resistant as they claim. I’m starting
to suspect that’s why they’re not working properly.
    I have a friend that owns and likes these headphones so I purchased a set
for my stepdaughter.  I received them next day, but they initially would not
power up until I worked with tech support--cleaned contacts, reset the earbuds.
The earbuds eventually worked, but the case battery was at 0% and refused to
charge, either with the included charger or another known good charger.I
returned the defective unit and Amazon was prompt in sending a replacement.
This set powered up, but again, the case battery refused to charge no mater what
charger I connected, even over night.
    Really wanted to keep them. I ordered a pair during prime day and I loved
them. The earbuds kept falling out the charging box and that’s where I noticed
the first issue. There was a missing screw in the charging box and that resulted
in the lid not closing correctly, letting the earbuds fall out so I exchanged
them for a new pair. This second pair, all over not great. The full battery
drained over night twice asa it connected to my phone while the ear buds were in
the charging box. I didn’t have Bluetooth or anything playing on my phone to
drain the battery (this never happened with the first pair). In addition, the
buttons did not respond when I attempted to turn them off after a run. They say
“power off” but 10 seconds later they’d turn back on automatically (never
happened with that first pair either). The sound is great and they’re super
confortable, plus the battery life is supposed to be great (were with that first
pair). I feel I got two bad batches. They’re really neat but I had bad bad luck
twice.
    I had these headphones for one week… These have to absolutely be the worst
pair of earbuds I’ve ever owned in my entire life. I cannot beg you enough to
not buy these Unless you want headphones that constantly turn themselves on and
off. I run 3 to 4 miles every day and these ruined every single one of my runs
for an entire week. Do yourself a favor and buy the cheaper $20 earbuds, you’ll
thank me. The picture added to this review is me being so put out and frustrated
with these earbuds that I didn’t even want to waste the time to return them and
stomped them out mid run. 1000% do not buy these... Not even worthy of one star
but I guess you have to give them some thing
    Love the over head clips and physical buttons, use them on the go without
fear of losing them.  Sound and Microphone quality are excellent. Comes with USB
C charging and charge indicators. Excellent deal for the cost***** Update after
few days of using ****After using the bluetooth for a few days,  I encountered
several issues. I have a cheaper Bluetooth, Sound is not as good as this one.
But none of these issues exist.     - Right ride switches off for no reason.   -
When watching a movie on netflix the sounds gets disconnected, I have to switch
on and off to reconnect.  - Sometimes the left sound is very lower than right. I
have re-tested the issue to confirm. Restarting the ear bud fixed the issue.  -
when I move around ( about 15ft radius), with  phone is in one place. the sounds
keep dropping or fluctuating. -  Has a problem connecting to my Samsung TV.
    Good product great sound quality
    They initially paired easily with phone, and sound quality was ok. Volume
controls on both earbuds did not work. Thought I could live with that... They
were comfortable to wear. Second time I tried to use them, they would not pair
with phone. I.could only hear one side "power on", although both sides would
flash red/blue and seemed to turn on. Did not auto pair when removing from the
case. Digital battery level shows 96%.  Will be returning... I'll spend a
little.more.for a name brand.Added 1/19/21..... I have received repeated emails
asking me to change my review in exchange for $35.... I say no... I have given
an accurate review of my experience. I have received 3 requests so far. They
will continues to harass you long after you return the item just don't even get
these... Waste of time!
    This company actually makes the buyers give a 5 star review just to activate
the warranty. Meaning, when I went to register my product for the warranty, I
HAD to give a five star review first... which explains their multiple 5 star
ratings. These headphones aren’t terrible but they do tend to just cut out while
using them then turn themselves back on.Only had them for a few days so far and
already have issues.
    I had an issue with the battery charge life and the headsets charge
connector. I'm sorry, but I'm not going to play the shipping/return game to try
to find one that does work correctly and as advertised. My rating is actually a
0% because the bad battery life of the charging case and the defective charging
connectors to the headsets and the headsets loosing  battery charge, even when
not in use!
    I thought finally I had a good product and was excited to purchase.  Only to
get about 30 minutes of talk time before totally dead.  How awful is that.  I
was on a conference call at that.  I want my money back.
    Battery life: is excellent I can get 16+ hrs depending on use per day
without recharge.Sound: Very clear and soft to my ears, can get very loud. No
surround sound unless im missing something.Case:sturdy black box shows battery
level also your ear buds disconnect when placed inside & reconnect when taking
them out to whatever deviced its linked to.Buttons: Decent there is lag from the
press before it responds to volume going up or down.Earbuds: They fit
comfortably around ears and are very light.Yes I would recommend to buy at this
price or if you can find then cheaper.
    Earbuds cut off unexpectedly. Very disappointing.
    Looks good, fit great but the sound or connectivity is constantly going out
and I'm holding my phone in my hand.  Now the case only charges one of the
earbuds.
    These headphones work alright unless you plan on working out with them and
you sweat.I used these headphones for a few weeks and they work okay for my
shorter runs, but when ever I run for more than 10-15 minutes and start to work
up a good sweat they are terrible. I think what is happening is the sweat on my
head is creating some kind of contact with the charging spot on the headphones
amd they turn off because they think they are being charged. So they are
constantly dropping connection and reconnecting while I'm trying to run
listening to them say "power on" every 10 seconds. I'm giving these to my wife
and buying myself a pair of headphones that don't have charging connecting a
that rest against my skin to hopefully avoid this problem in the future.
    The battery charge in the case continually drains when I store fully charged
buds in the case.  This seems a bizarre design, and it is hard to believe this
the way it is supposed to work.  The case battery charge drops 50% if the fully
charged buds are left in the charging case overnight.  When I open the case, it
seems the display digits for the case charge are always on, and the buds LEDs
keep flashing blue to red to blue.  What's the point of a battery case to store
them in if just storing them there drains them.I also find it odd that the buds
don't have any indicator LED to show that they are on.  This having to check any
device they may be connected to, or directly toggling the power.  Unfortunately,
the voice announcement of the Power On or Off status can be so faint, it can be
hard to understand.These are simple design criteria that even a modestly priced
unit should fulfill.
    Some of the info in the descriptions is a bit misleading, otherwise a full 5
stars are due.  The 48 hr run time stated in the description is the total run
time using the fantastic charging case to charge the buds 6 times with an
average actual playtime of 8 hours.  That being said I have purchased over time
several ear buds in the 30$ range and so far this set is the finest I've used.
Very small and comfortable, interface buttons that are easy to use, great sound,
and the visual charging indicators are great. The stated distance of 30' is
pretty darn accurate as well.  For the money, I can highly recommend you try
these.  I don't think you will be disappointed.
    The sound quality was great and the noise cancelling perfect. Those
qualities are not worth a thing if the charging case doesn’t charge the ear
buds. I had the ear buds in the case, with the case on the charge and the
earbuds never charged. I have only had them for one week. If I can find all of
the packaging, I will be returning them. If not, they are going into the
garbage.
    These are nice headphones, but the battery does not hold the charge.  They
had no power on arrival, which was a surprise, because most items have at least
a little charge.  I charged them, and they worked well.  However, after about 45
minutes of use, the battery was spent.  I recharged them, and once again, the
battery power started decreasing immediately.  Although I didn't use them, the
battery decreased completely within a few hours.  Sadly, these will be returned.
    Charging base was dead-on-arrival.  Wouldn't light up when plugged in.
Wouldn't charge the headphones.  Returned immediately.
    Would not hold a charge. I had to plug them in every time after use. Would
not last 2 hrs. I think they might have been used. Very disappointing. I guess
you get what you pay for. Returned
    The sound is okay. The battery life is horrible. The charging case has to be
plugged in for it to charge the headphones. The headphones do not automatically
start to charge when you put them in the case and they do not automatically pair
to my device.  So in essence, all of the advertised features that drew me to
these headphones do not work. I’m returning them now.
    Horrible battery life. Until came completely dead. Charged it overnight and
it showed 100%. In less than 10 minutes ( set up and testing) it was was already
at 90%. In less than 2 hours it was dead. Put them in the case to recharge and
the case was dead too
    Nothing but problems from the get-go. Will not stay on. Will not stay
connected. One turns on and the other turns off. Malfunctions with sweat. DO NOT
BUY!
    fully charged, would last no more than 3 hours; one side went out
permanently; often lost signal when batter was less than 85%; returned!
    Pros: Fits comfortably, they don't fall to the floor like other styles.
Noticeably missing is any background hiss when a movie goes quiet between
scenes. Sounds great watching movies.  Barely even feel them on. Cons: Not
enough bass listening to music. No sound isolation in loud environments.
Sometimes they disconnect and reconnect even though my phone is next to me or on
my lap.
    This one doesn't hold a charge.  Replaced with same item and I may be
sending back again because the speakers keep fading in and out while listening.
🤔
    The earbuds work well enough, sound quality is ok - could be louder.  For
$20 dollars, it's alright for the price for such a product.  My only issue is
that the charging indicator lights on the inside of the case don't seem to work.
I'm sure it's just a defective case; thankfully not a major concern as I
typically keep the case charging.Edit:  So after three days, and a total of
maybe an hour of use, the earbud batteries die.  Can't be right considering I've
left them in the charging base in between uses and the base has been plugged in.
I can only assume that if the base indicator lights don't work and the earbuds
aren't charging, I received a defective base that makes the rest of the purchase
useless.  Review changed from 4 stars to 1.
    As soon as I tried to use these headphones, I was dismayed to learn that the
right headphone simply would not work. Additionally, the overall packaging and
feel of the product do feel fairly cheap, even for a product under $50.
    Initially the headphones worked very well.  After just a few weeks the the
battery life didn't hold a charge and I only was able to get 40-45 minutes
before recharging.  They are very comfortable and easy to operate but they do
not really do any significant job in cancelling outside noise.
    Please don’t waste your money . I bought these and thought they were great !
I even won a free pair by purchasing these . They worked great for about a month
. Then the sound started messing up and now they won’t even hold a charge ! The
new pay I received I charged once and they stopped working . I’ll never purchase
from this seller again
    I'm updating my review to 1 star these are literally the worst headphones
I've ever had I had really high hopes from all the good reviews but the more I
use them the more I absolutely hate them. They die after just a few hours and I
specifically bought them for the long battery life I can only use the left one
buy itself the other one won't connect without the other one. I never wrote bad
reviews but these are so bad I had to.
    the units don't quite fit into charging case correctly, so you get a whining
sound if they aren't secure and they don't stay on the charging station. When
running, they will shut off if you get sweaty.
    Worked amazingly at first.  A month in they don’t hold a charge or stay
connected.
    First time I dropped it. About two feet. The front cover flew off leaving
the rest intact. Now you can see what’s inside. Needs design upgrade.. outer
shell.
    The first pair I got had an issue with the right earbud where it would say
"Power On" for no reason and then cut out. Or it would just cut out for minutes
at a time. The 2nd pair I got after exchanging had the same issue and then after
about 6 uses, the right earbud stopped working completely. Do not waste your
money.
    Great sound but not comfortable for my ears. Falls off easily. I have small
ears.UPDATE 1:-Removing one star because I am starting to get harassment emails
from the seller. If I get another email I will remove another star.UPDATE
2:-Removed another star. Getting MORE harassment emails. Shame on Amazon to
allow such things to happen to their customers. I am NOT removing this review
and it’s FINAL!!
    When I got my first pair of these I charged the headphones in the case per
the instructions prior to going to bed. Overnight (without ever using the
headphones) the case had drained from 100% battery to 60% battery. By the end of
the day the case no longer had any battery life and could not charge the
headphones (the headphones themselves seem to retain battery fine). I tried the
process again with the same results the next day - the storage case didn't hold
a charge for longer than 24 hours.Occiam sent me a replacement pair (to be fair,
they have pretty good customer service) and the issue is basically the same. In
the first 24 hours after charging the case to 100% the case had drained to just
41%, without using the headphones. At the end of the second day the case was
drained (again without using the headphones).I charge the case/headphones now
only when the headphones themselves run out of battery. I don't bother using the
case as a backup because the charge doesn't last past 48 hours. The headphones
themselves have a decent sound-quality, though, and they stay in my ears (which
are small) really well when I'm running. Microphone has a bit of feedback on
calls but it's not bad; connectivity with other devices is fine.
    I received a defected charging case that will NOT charge the earbuds. The
earbuds themselves work and sound good, but I have no way to charge them because
the charging case simply doesn't work. I've tried connecting the Type C cable
that comes with it to different charging ports but it simply doesn't
work.EDIT:After leaving the 1 star rating I was contacted by the seller who
offered a free replacement. I gave the seller my shipping location and was
shipped another case and earbuds free of charge. This new case and earbuds do
work. The seller was very polite and professional so I am now giving a 5 star
rating. The seller really does care. Amazon also refunded my money on the
defected pair.
    This is a pretty good unit, I have been using it for almost a week. It has
some issues where you can hear a person talking but they can not hear you and
the buttons on the headset do not seem to connect or control actions on the
phone. This has only happened once so far. It holds well on the ear and you can
only barely tell it's there as it is super light. Overall it's one of the best
pairs of bluetooth headsets I have used. Top notch sound quality and really good
battery life.
    You can charge this the previous night and it continuously will lose charge
even when you aren't using it and be dead by the time you want to use it.
Terribly inconvenient!
    Fit and sound quality are commendable.  This product has potential ,
certainly in this price range.  Typically, I only bother with reviews, when I
can provide four and five star reviews.  The Occiam will be the only Two star
review I've written: On receipt I completed the warranty card and submitted it
online.  Placed case on charger per directions.  Attempted to remove headphones
from case , and the case lid detached from the case.  This is an oval rounded
case type case .  As an older person with limited dexterity I had to use the
thumbnail of my opposing hand to open the case when the top detached. However,
at no time did I use excessive force or pressure in opening the top of the case.
I placed the case lid back on the charging case to what would appear to be the
original position.  At this time I fully charged the case and earphones to its
fully charged capacity,  as indicated by the digital meters.  placed earphones
in both ears and listened to my preferred 70's music.  Thought sound quality was
adequate for my needs.  Placed a phone call to a family member, and call quality
was satisfactory on both ends. I failed to mention that the earphones paired
immediately with my iPhone X.  Certainly no issues or complaints at this point.
Placed phones back in case and charged once again to 100%.  And retired for the
evening.  The following morning retrieved phones from case to notice that they
had discharged almost 40% overnight without being in use.  Emailed the customer
service department to ask if this was normal? No response from customer support
within the 24 hours response time suggested in the owners manual.  Used the
headsets a couple of hours throughout the day, and once again recharged to 100%
, with the same discharge the following morning. Again contacted the customer
service department by email,  giving a little more detail about the detached
case top, and waited the 24 hours for response, with no reply or guidance?  The
identical events occurred the following day as well, still having had no
response from Occiam.  Sent the third email to the customer service department.
This time adding the fact I would be writing this review , discussing the
fragility of the case lid and the failure of Occiam customer support to offer
assistance after repeated requests? It's been a number of days now since my
first email to Occiam , and unfortunately am submitting my first two star
review.  This is not meant to detract from the sound quality or functionality of
the headphones, its an indictment of the customer service at Occiam. There's an
old addage: sucker punch me once, shame on you, sucker punch me twice , shame on
me.  I will never purchase another Occiam product, nor recommend them to anyone
I care about.
    These would have been great if they had actually fit my ears. They include
three sizes for the rubber pieces that go into your ears, but the smallest was
still too big for me. The plastic piece that wraps around your ear to hold it in
place was also just slightly too big, so they would often fall off during use.
(I’m 5’11” btw, not a child with small ears lol)Otherwise, I didn’t have any
problem with the sound quality itself.
    Really wanted to like these. Great concept considering I really like the
cordless Bluetooth idea WITHOUT the “Touch” crap. Most of the “touch” control
headphones are too sensitive. So I prefer push-button. These are almost perfect
except, once again just not loud enough! I’ve tested multiple songs across every
EQ option, still not as loud as some of the cheap, corded headphones I have.
They are still decent headphones for indoor quiet use though. Not great for
outdoor, working out near traffic, noise etcUPDATE***Worse. Left ear piece just
stopped working. Didn’t last a dozen uses! I want my money back! It connects
when pulling away from ear to check of on, then when placing it back on ear it
disconnects! Do not buy!
    The sound quality is fantastic! At $28.99 these earbuds literally blow away
my $129.00 Jabra 65t active elite earbuds. Wore the Occiam earbuds for two hours
straight, with no discomfort. The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because you
don't get a charging block/adaptor. But for 29 bucks, that's ok. I would love to
by another pair but they're already out of stock. Too bad.
    These were either defective..or just crap. Earbuds seemed to not keep
consistent contact with the case as they would constantly quit charging well
before the batteries could even possibly be full, sometimes right away as soon
as id put them in the case. Tried taking the rubber in-ear pieces off but it
made no difference. Also the earbuds would not keep contact with my phone. They
would constantly disconnect randomly even with the phone right next to me & each
time I went to use them I had to forget them from my phone & rediscover
them...sometimes multiple times before they would actually connect to my phone.
It became incredibly annoying. Definitely not worth the "value of the discount"
in my opinion so I returned them after just a few days of aggravated use.
    I like these headphones as they don't fall out when I'm active like my other
headphones.  Unfortunately,  they aren't as loud either so when its loud around
me, like on a treadmill,  these are loud, but not enough to down out ambient
noises around me and when my rocking song comes on,  just not enough to fit my
tastes.  But...., they stay in my ear and overall sound pretty good for the
price.  Still searching for that perfect set of ear buds.
    I wanted to give these 5 stars because they give you a chance at an Amazon
gift card if you do. But I can't.Mic is good. Sound quality good. Connection is
unstable. Walking home with my phone in my pocket, these headphones (brand new,
had them less than a week) kept slipping the connection between each other and
the phone so that the sound was continuously changing ears and pausing for a
second or two. I know it isn't my phone because my two other sets of headphones
still connect and have no issues. These are ones I will still use for watching
streaming services in bed, because then I have no trouble (and they do not have
flashing lights that would otherwise wake anyone).They really are good quality
if you're just wanting ones for when you're staying in one place, like studying
or hands free phone calls. But they are terrible for sports and movement.
    There are so many great reviews about these headphones, but tbh they’re not
all that. Yes they are noise canceling but.....when you are working out and you
want that extra loudness  .. it’s not there. Yes they are light weight, yes they
have a cool packaging, yes they have good battery life, but not loud enough for
me. I guess they’d be good for a quiet atmosphere but not for a noisy  one.
    CONSLeft ear sound is very lowVolume key has never workedDisconnects
oftenRange is short. If I go out of range it disconnects and takes about 30-40
sec to reconnect once I'm back in rangePROSstays in earBattery life is an easy
10hrs
    The earbud set looks pretty nice. The case is lightweight yet sturdy and the
earbuds are comfortable, the sound quality is rather nice and noise cancelation
is okay. Comes with a charging cord and replacements of ear caps in different
sizes. The ones that came already placed on them are very comfortable in my
small ears.I honestly like the set a lot but I have a small issue with the
battery life. As soon as I unplugged it after the first full charge it went down
to 72% after a couple of hours of unplugging them even though I had not used
them. It was pretty strange. I'm hoping it doesn't happen again because I really
like these earbuds.21/01/21 Update:Kept using them. Won't stay charged for
longer than two hours.
    Just got these, so I can't attest to the battery life. The quality is also
pretty good, definitely a decent amount of bass.  They don't really seem to
cancel noise, as the description says, but the volume is good enough that with
the right music, you can drown outside noise out.However, I have weirdly
shaped/sized ears, so I always have to change the bubble pads on my headphones
(not sure of the actual term).  Unfortunately, the smaller ones that come with
these headphones don't actually fit on the pod itself.  The medium and large
ones fit, but it's a bit of a struggle to get them on.  Fortunately, the mediums
are still an alright fit.  Other than that, I'm happy so far.  I'll come back
and edit if I notice anything else as I use them more!
    I’ve purchased a few ear buds in the past but they weren’t really for me.
I’d use them a couple of times and that would be it (as a matter of fact they’re
in a box somewhere). I took a look at these and decided to give them a try. I
was very pleased with my purchase. These are used every day while I’m at work so
I can listen to my music during the day. They fit my ears perfectly and the
sound quality is pretty good. These are also good with calls as well. With the
other buds, I had people tell me it was difficult to hear/understand me. That
wasn’t the case with these. I would recommend these to anyone looking for some
good ear buds at a reasonable price.
    I think these headphones are an OK value. What I do like is that they pair
so easily and charge immediately in the case. The case does not need to be
plugged in very frequently to charge the headphones. What I don’t like is that
they don’t produce enough volume. Even at 100% they do not generate enough sound
to hear music well. Also the lid to the case looks really flimsy and I’m
cautious with it to protect it from breaking.
    I bought these for the supposed 8 hour battery life. Turns out it’s less
than 4 hours. Right earbud intermittently cuts in and out. The earbuds are
comfortable and feel secure, but difficult to change the little silicone piece,
which sometimes detaches from the earbuds when I remove them.
    Battery life if extremely short. I lost my last set that I had for over a
year that I paid $15 for.  They lasted 8+ hours. This headset hear can not make
3 hours on a full charge.  Completely disappointed and now they are going right
back.  Back to the drawing board!
    They keep cutting in and out without losing connection I've tried
disconnecting restating my phone and everything overall not pleased with the
money spent...
    I am not hearing impaired but The volume was not as advertised. I have it
all the way up all the time for music or phone  conversations. Very
disappointing.
    They work ok, but for some reason they randomly disconnect and reconnect
within a second or two, that is with my phone in my pocket so the range isn't
the issue.
    Definitely was not noise cancelling!! Never was.....even when new. They did
work well for a few weeks and then only worked when they wanted.  Would not buy
again!
    Started off great but then after a few days had problems. The headphones
would power off randomly when fully charged, one headphone would turn off while
the other is still on, and other problems.
    Volume control does not work.  Kept pressing the volume up/down control
buttons but the sound will change a little.  When maximizing the volume using
the phone, the sound is not loud enough.  I was looking to love these, but I'm
extremely disappointed!!
    Works at long range. They will randomly disconnect either individually or
simultaneously every time I use it. It’s only for 2-5 seconds.  I only use it at
night when in bed-need to hear stuff to fall asleep. It’s fine for my purpose.
However, I can see that being an issue if you use for more than 1 hour. It
charges fast. Ear buds have a long charge.
    This is a great product, but I seem to have a very hard time connecting this
device to the Bluetooth connection on my Windows 10 computer. Otherwise, there
is really no problem with this product.
    The headphones are great, they are loud and have good sound quality and the
battery life is good. BUT!! The case is absolute trash. The cover broke on the
first day while I was closing the case.
    I have been using these earbuds for a couple of days now. Overall they are
good and worth the money. Below are the pros and cons.pros:- Very light weight
and they are excellent for running. The earhooks are very secure- Eventhough
there is no active noise cancelling the audio output is loud enough that I do
not hear any noise- Awesome sound for podcasts and voice calls. Ok sound for
listening to music. Need to use the music player's equalizer to get the sound
that I like.- Good basscons:- Case's lid is not spring loaded- The multi-
functional buttons are not so reactive. I have to press the MTB a couple of
times for my phone to react- No Noise cancelling
    I have a hard time finding headphones that fit my ears well. These were
comfortable and great for listening to my books and music. Love that they charge
in the case. One improvement I would recommend is having a latching case. I had
to put the case inside a zippered case for travel so they didn't fall out. Other
than that really like the headphones over all.
    I would purchase this item again, because it would work great if you listen
to music for a few hours at a time. I work overnight so I need a battery life of
5+ hours. These lasted about 5 hours, which was not bad. I like the digital
screen of how much battery life is remaining. The sound quality was pretty good.
I thought it was better than the Powerbeats Pro, which I was using
simultaneously with these. I had ZERO connection issues with these, which is
more than I can say about the Powerbeats Pro (returned due to connection issues
to laptop). These headphones connected to my phone and laptop with no issues!
Recommend if you want to listen for 6 hours and it fits your budget. Would buy
again
    This is a pretty much a good quality headphone for the price
range.Good:Charging case charges faster. Charging case lid has something like
magnet to close it. After continuous use it provided almost 48 hrs of charge
which is pretty good. Headphone survives pretty much 8 hours of play
time.Bluetooth works really good when connected to my iphone. Pairs pretty
easily. It didn’t interrupt while at a certain distance which happens often
while I used my other bluetooth headphones but yes it interrupted while using
with my laptop.Sound quality is crisp and clear. Little less bass and at high
volume you feel bass but they can work on this section.Didn’t try under water.
So can’t say if it is water proof but it should be water resistant.This earbud
headphone doesn’t hurt your ear and you barely feel you have anything on your
ear. Pretty comfortable.Control section is good. You can play, pause, next,
previous music, call people via siri, accept and receive call using one same
power button by amount of clicks. Awesome!Best part about this earbud headphone
is voice call quality. This one catches your voice so clearly and other end
person over will have no complain hearing you but yes it catches background
noises and other end person over phone can hear it but i believe it tries to
minimize noises. Other than that you can both enjoy quality call. I love
it!Bad:Charging case looks cheap but when you grab it with hand doesn’t feel
cheap. Display of battery life is awesome but I wish you could see the display
of charging outside of the case when you close the lid.If you don’t turn off
your headphone and it was still connected to your device, when you put them
inside the box for charging it will always disconnect which is good but I
believe somehow for my last charging session it took charges from the box, so
box charge was empty and then when I put my earphone on it was off. So, I hd to
turn on and after few minutes it said low battery. So, I am pretty much sure it
will release charges if you don’t put it off while putting in for charge when
charging box charge is finished.Customer Service is not prompt. I had to wait
and then shoot second email to reach them. Not sure in future how they will
serve but I can see they are trying their best to make their product a brand.
And I wish them success for this good product.I am not sure how long this
earphone will survive but it is a pretty quality earphone within the price range
and my favorite headphone for now.Ignore all the bad reviews and trust me this
is a quality earphone. You will love it. For my side, this earphone worked good
:)
    The earbuds are honestly quite impressive for the price. It cancels out
sound well enough and its battery last long enough. The only issue I have with
these headphones is the sound quality. I can't help but feel that it sounds
somewhat muffled. Of course they are quite cheap, and they are worth the price.
That being said, if you're looking for purely sound quality, I recommend looking
elsewhere. Other than that, Bluetooth, battery, and sound proofing are
wonderful. If it had better sound quality, they'd easily be five star earbuds
worth much more than their current price.Edit: I changed my review to a 4/5
because I already thought the 3 was a little harsh, but the customer service was
very kind and offered a refund. I do like the earbuds generally, but they aren't
like the higher end products when it comes to sound quality, so I gave it a
somewhat negative review because the focus of this sound device wasn't sound in
my opinion. That does not make it a bad product though because it charges fast,
feels comfortable, and cancels sound well.
    EDIT: So, the charging case won't charge the right earpiece now. Only been a
couple months. Lowered my review due to that and the marketing shenanigans.They
really are great so far. Used them while running with no problems and the
battery life is excellent.The real reason I'm writing this review is to nab the
free pair of headphones from the company (they offered this via email after
purchase). Thanks!
    Ordered these because of the reviews but very disappointed with comfort and
battery life. They didn’t even last 4 hours before I’d have to recharge and this
particular order didn’t hold the charge. There was a card attached that I won a
free set but never received it after going and registering as card indicated.
Think seller gives you free one so that you will give four star reviews!!
    so the company wanted me to screenshot a 5 star rating and I would receive
an extra pair of headphones. Sounds great! But wait....I can't do that because
they're mediocre at best. The volume on the sides didn't work. Hardly any bass
comes through.
    Frustrated just can't find a good clear set of headphone for calls. However,
I'd definitely purchase these again. I'm sick of my earbuds falling out of my
ear onto the Covid ground. Lol. Seriously though, these stay in my ear while
working out, music is very clear, doesn't cut out. I can walk through the house
a decent distance from my phone as well. Phone calls...I can hear clearly...but
sometimes I have to speak so they can hear me clearly. I'd buy these again
before my $120 earbuds. Not bad at all for 30 bucks.
    Horrible road noise, unless you have an expensive car which blocks out all
road noise, driving over 40 miles an hour the person on the other end of the
phone hears scratching/noisy drone of road noise, your end is clear with no
noise. Less than 40 miles an hour, the sound on the other end is eh... ok. I
know, I know, buy a better car. This is with using either ear bud left or right.
On the positive side, the microphone is excellent and if using while not
driving, your voice is clear and no background noise is heard for the end user
or yourself.It will randomly disconnect from the phone, no warning, just drops
and you can't reconnect. has never happened with my other BT headsetsI have a
Plantronics, in which you can double click to make a hands free call, you can't
with this headset.All other features, at the moment, are excellent. Great fit,
don't fall out, clear sound. Have only been using this for 2 days as of this
review.
    The ear buds fit securely even during exercise.  The have great distance
range from the phone. Sound is clear. Battery life is good.
    Haven't used it long enough to run the battery down so I can't comment on
battery life.  The earpiece is not adjustable, there's no wire in it, and I've
already dropped an ear bud twice from taking my covid mask off and had to
retrace my steps.  And I have big ears. I came up with a hack to attach a leash
to the ear buds on the end of the earpiece so that they're connected to each
other and I can't lose one.  I attached a split ring (a jewelry part) with black
thread to the end of the ear pieces and put a drop of glue on the knot.  The ear
buds will still charge with this attached.  Meanwhile, if I'm sedentary, like on
a plane or at home, I can use them without the leash if I choose.
    I had a little trouble getting them to connect to my phone at first and only
one was connecting, but second or third time I tried they instantly connected
and worked great. I wanted this style to loop around my ear but the loop for
around your ear is too high when in my ear (as in if it fit wrapped around my
ear like where eyeglasses go, as it is designed to, the speaker bud itself would
be sitting where an earring goes, below where it should be), it’s fine and
comfortable but not as secure (tho they don’t generally fall out) as I’d find
ideal. My ear holes ha ha seem especially small and in-ear headphones have
always been a challenge. I think it would be a problem with any headphone, they
design one size fits all but people’s ears are never one size fits all.  Overall
for the price point these are pretty cool.
    The earbuds fit comfortably and stay in place while I am running with them.
It seems sometimes that the sound from each ear is slightly out of sync, which
leads to a kind of fuzzy quality at times, and fairly often if I turn my head,
one earbud loses connection momentarily. I wore them once with a cotton
headband, but that was too much pressure and one earbud kept disconnecting, so I
would suggest getting ear muffs that stand off the ear if you plan to use them
in cold weather. The charging case is great, but only stays charged for about
one use, so I usually keep it plugged in. Otherwise, the earbuds seem to lose
battery (connection seems more shaky) after about a day of use/non-use. I
expected more battery life and better connection quality, but overall it is not
a bad pair of earbuds for light movement or if you can keep the charger plugged
in. I would not recommend these for long trips away.
    First pair i received the left ear went out after 2 uses.I'm very careful
with my items.I believe in second chances so i ordered a replacement.Right ear
worked.  Left ear keeps shutting off.Now I'm convinced the headphones are
straight garbage. Two pairs in a row. I'm out 80. And amazon doesn't refund
right away anymore.I never leave reviews but feel this is needed for others who
don't want to waste their time. These are the worst headphones I've purchased
off here. I read through many of the reviews and am baffled so many users say
they are amazing.Bass isn't even good for the one ear that works. Volume on high
for phone calls still isn't that loud.Spend a bit more if you want better
quality.
    I had these headphones for probably about three days before they started
acting up. The Bluetooth goes in and out in and out and you have to stop and
reconnect them about every five minutes. needless to say it’s very frustrating
especially when you’re exercising or trying to listen to music or an audiobook.
Save your money!! I don’t suggest these.
    They sound great, feel great, and keep a great charge.
