    可もなく不可もなく、これといっていいところも悪いところも見つからない。まぁほんとに値段相応。自分みたいにすぐなくしたり壊したりする人間にはちょうどかな
    ほんまにひどい！なんでこんなに口コミがいいのか分かりません。まだ買って二週間ほどしか経っていませんが、音楽聴いてると歌手の声だけ聴こえなくなりました。1
00均のイヤホン方がまし、、、
    電話が取れるのはいいと思う。ノイズキャンセリングって書いてたのにバスの声とか車の音とかバッチリ聞こえて普通のイヤホンと変わらない
    この値段でこの音質ならコスパ高いと思う。これで耐久性が良ければ言うこと無いと思う。
    プラグの接触が悪く、片方からしか聞こえなくなる。
    素材も、しっかり！使いやすさgood！チェーンは邪魔でしたので、取っ払いました(笑)
    使いやすい
    音のキレがいい。低音域も十分。寝室の暗いところでも左右の色がわかる。絡まりにくいコード。コスパ優れる。（1ヶ月で自然故障しました。当たりハズレによるもの
か、そのような脆弱な設計によるものか、は不明。11/19 追加。星 5個から減らします。）
    I bought a house sign in February 2018 from KSmart Sign Ltd via Amazon,
which initially I was pleased with, it looked very smart.  However the stand
offs and covers have now deteriorated and have become very unsightly.  I
contacted  K Smart Sign Ltd sending them the attached photo, and to advised them
of my issue, and to ask if they could supply me with stainless steel stand offs
and covers, or refunded me the purchase price. They informed me "the sign has
been outside in all weather types for 2.5 years, there was no guarantee on this
product". This product is sold to be used outside (in all weathers)!  I would
expect a house sign to last longer than 2 years 4 month before parts of it begin
to disintegrate.  I found the customer care demonstrated by K Smart Sign Ltd
matches their sub standard house signs and would deffinatly NOT recomend this
particular product, or buying from this particular company.
    It's a simple product. Not much to go wrong, except mine arrived with four
groups of small bubbles under the plastic, and a number of scratches. Not a
massive problem in bright sunshine, but not good either, and emphasised under
the night light.Have contacted the supplier to hear what they
say.Update:Supplier sent a new plaque. It's better.  But it's still a plastic
sticker printed and stuck on a piece of acrylic. Plus it's on the small side for
people to see it on the wall.
    I love my sign. I’ve had my garage converted into an art studio and got this
for a bit of fun. Really cheap and even if it doesn’t weather well in a few
years it’s cheap enough to replace. Can’t comment on installation as my builders
put it up for me but it looked pretty straightforward
    Ordered first and the back plate had minor dents in, ordered a second one
and that came with minor dents in. Seller sent out a replacement which also had
minor dents in and this time a dent on a corner like it had been dropped. I
appreciate the effort to remedy my issues but I give up now. I have sent one
back for a refund and put up the best of the damaged bunch sent back up. I don’t
know if it’s been damaged on route in which case packaging needs to be reviewed
(not sure a Jiffy bag is sufficient) or it’s damaged in production. It may not
be seen from outside but you pay for something you expect not to be damaged and
we know it’s there.
    We live on the corner of a road on a new estate. 12 X Ave. The house on the
other street opposite us is the next number up from us, 13 B St, so everyone
keeps thinking we are 12 B St, which is actually at the other end of the road
(logically 🙄) and knocking at our door instead at all hours. It was infuriating.
So we got a sign. Now we don't have people knocking. Problem solved.
    The sign arrived less that 24 hours after ordering, there was a very small
issue which was resolved without fuss or drama.. The sign looks great, easy to
fit, and looks like it should have cost more..
    The speed of delivery for a product made to order was excellent and I was
not disappointed with the sign on arrival.Easy to fit and looks great.Only had
it a couple of days so cannot comment on wear and tear but for the price I would
highly recommend supplier and product.
    During these difficult times of COVID-19 this company said the sign would
understandably be late, however they were prompt getting it to us. Plus we are
so happy with the sign, it really makes the front of the house look great. I
would definitely recommend this company and would buy again.
    This is stylish.  I went a step further and added my Road to the number
which looks fab.  Can't go wrong, easy to install.  Also, like the idea you can
design before submitting so you can check font etc.,  Arrived on time, and looks
wonderful with my new door.
    Arrived within 2 days of ordering and I was pleasantly surprised by the
quality after reading some of the reviews. Easy enough to install and looks alot
better than expected. Definitely worth the money in my opinion.
    This had a delivery time of 7-10 days which I was fine with, however, it
arrived after only 2 days.It was super easy to install put it up in less than 5
minutes. looks great as well.I would highly recommend this product and company
from the experience I had with them with this purchase.
    Not as good quality as I was expecting, it’s a printed sticker attached to
clear Perspex, not printed/etched directly to it as expected. Can’t comment on
fitting as haven’t done this yet, not sure how it’s going to stand up to the
weather with the way it’s been printed/applied.
    Easy to install, nice custom made sign. Been up a few months and has
survived some harsh weather so far. Only took a minute to take off when painting
the wall and went back on without issues
    Lovely and neat house sign. Very easy to assemble and attach to wall using
electric drill. Fittings supplied. Nice and clear print. Great value and looks
very smart on the house front.
    The product came with splashes of paint on the Perspex sign that I cleared
with a credit card. The screws are too small , I tried to change them but none
of the screws I had fitted in the spacer. I have managed to fix it now but not
without a few problems,
    Delivered quickly, easy to fit and install.  Looks good new.  As I have only
recently fitted this I can't comment about how they look after a few years usage
in the open air.
    Having already had an expensive item go awol on delivery and with lockdown
the house turning into a logistics centre and Uber eats regular, having this
sign has put an end to any possible confusion.
    Husband put this up in just a few minutes, arrived we’ll packaged.  Acrylic
so not sure how long it will stand up to the weather but reasonably priced and
looks really good.
    Having just recently moved, we decided to get a sign for the house and could
not be happier with the sign we chose.  Very stylish and of excellent quality
and so very easy to install.  Our order was delivered within 48 hours and so
could not fault the service.  I would very happily do business again with this
company and could not recommend them highly enough.
    I bought this as my old one was looking awful I ordered it on the Monday and
it came on the Wednesday very quick delivery,had an email from the company
straight away asking if the writing I wanted was correct I  was very impressed
with them,it looks great it’s made the front of my house looks so much
better,such a small thing makes all the difference would definitely recommend
this product from this company.
    Got one of these for our new house and we love it! It's so classy and eye-
catching! And it goes perfectly with the house and the modern, slick feel we
wanted.
    Just amazing, not just the sign, but the speed of delivery. Ordered on a
Friday expecting delivery to be the following week, but it came the next day.
The sign has really made the front of our house look so modern so pleased with
it.
    Fantastic classy looking product, very easy to fit for any compitent
DIYerBeen asked a few times where to buy these from and now the whole road is
full of them :-)
    So pleased.  Modern look at a great priceEasy to fit
    This is the second time I have ordered from this company as the signs they
make are brilliant.  Great customer service and reply to messages straight away.
Would recommend.
    Lovely sign very pleased with purchase ! Very prompt delivery especially in
these difficult times ! Would highly recommend.  Very good value
    Great looking product - arrived very quickly - easy to order. The sign looks
amazing on the front of our house. Only small negative is the quality of the
screws provided - the metal of the screws are so soft the heads just came off.
    Really nice addition to the porch, got alot of positive comments when
installed,  looks expensive and is well made, nice fittings
    It's a very good print interpretation from our purchase specification and
delightfully easy to fit to a door or brickwork.The item arrived very promptly
and in plenty of time for the Christmas presents to our son and daughter in law
who have recently purchased and moved into a new home for Christmas.
    a great purchase looks very good on the front of our house well pleasedwell
made product I would strongly recommend
    Really nice design. Great quality. Came complete with screws and rawl plugs.
Drill 2 holes and fit - it couldn't be simpler. Took less than 5 minutes. Seems
like this will last forever, but would be happy to order again if I move house.
:-)
    Original order never arrived however contacted seller and a replacement was
sent straight away with no fuss. Easy to put up and looks really good.Would
recommend seller and item👍
    Really good quality number sign, have noticed loads of houses with them on
now. Would definitely recommend.
    Absolutely fantastic service and value for money!!Ordered lunch time Tuesday
and had the product in my hand Wednesday morning.
    I bought one and upon seeing it I purchased another for a friend ,they
really are good quality and make an old door way look very modern ,it arrived in
good time and was well packaged.
    Compared to other versions this is very cheap and tacky!Plastic is thin and
brittle and worst of all the printing of numbers is transparent and is nothing
but a cheap sticky film that will not last the time of day!On the plus side i
will be purchasing metal numbers at £1 each and securing it to this product.
    Great value for money but back plate has some scrapes on it. Looks like
seconds. Not noticeable in the distance.
    Excellent service - my plaque  was made up and dispatched within a couple of
hours of ordering and I received it the next day. The plaque looks classy, I'm
very pleased with it. Thank you.
    The sign is lovely would definitelyRecommend l placed another orderStraight
away for my DaughterExcellent service will recommend to friends. As I am writing
this my Daughters sign has arrived service so quick one happy customer
    This is a good quality product and it relative easy to install with basic
DIY tools and skills
    Excellent service and great product. Easy to assemble and fix. So pleased
with the look. Thanks
    Great product for the price. Really happy with the purchase. Finally I have
a door number.
    Easy to mount and looks fabulous. Added class to our house. Amazing for the
price.
    Brilliant item. Easy to install very quickly and very effective - just what
we wanted.
    Needed a new house sign so saw this on the web, it wasn't expensive but when
it arrived it was easy to assemble and fit. It looks much more than the money I
paid for it and everyone who has seen it has made positive comments so well
done, would recommend to anyone.
    Great quality, looks great in situ and its exactly like i expected.
    Nothing MORE to add but lovely item to add to my house. A good buy too
    This item looks very clear from afar and and is exactly what I hoped for
    Fantastic product,looks really classy, simple to install
    Really fast delivery and good product.Looks smart.
    Fantastic price for a quality product. Looks very good on front of my house.
    Haven't put it up yet, but really looks great. For the money, it's a great
deal.
    Very pleased with the signage There was an issue but fast response, sorted
and replacement sent straight away Would buy from again
    Good value for money, easy to install and looks good.
    Very easy to fit to wall. Looks great and is modern.
    Good product and VERY good service from the seller.
    Great product. Excellent end to end service. Will use again. Thanks.
    ordered this to put up on rental house i have and it looks so good I am
going to get one for my own house
    Lovely house sign. Couldn’t believe how quickly it was delivered. Easy to
install and looks great. Thank you.
    Very quick delivery, excellent product, simple to install, and all for very
little money.
    Fantastic quality sign, great value for money,  speedy delivery
    Excellent product and very fast turnaround
    Lovely product which appears to be of a decent quality, highly recommended,
service was amazing with superb customer service, when first was lost in the
post I received the second within a couple of days after contacting.
    Good quality for the price. Looks very stylish from a distance. Large font
so visitors can easily see house numbers.
    easy to put up and looks great outside front door
    Bought a few of these. Nice product.
    This product looks more expensive than the cost and would definitely
recommend
    Easy to put together and attach to the wall it is really nice and sleek
looking and looks great with a light above.
    Great piece of kit A1 easy to fit
    Very fast turnaround and we are so pleased with the lookMany thx
    I wanted something quite modern and easy to install I got both. Will
purchase again for the fence.
    Looks good easy to read from road.
    Easy to fit , clear sign and finishes the look at the front door
    looks great on house very posh and excellent customer service
    Its easy to install and looks great
    Excellent value for money and quick delivery
    Easy to install good product
    Looks great at our front door!
    Great product super faster delivery easy to put up and looks great and the
wall we’re all very happy
    Very quick delivery, exactly as pictured. Gives something extra to the front
of the house. It’s perfect! Thank you
    It comes with every thing provide screws plugs instructionsYou need a small
electric drill and not a lot of skill setEasy to install excellent value for
money and speedy delivery
    Great for my door number
    Very good for the price
    Exactly as described.
    Excellent product really pleased with how expensive it looks. Would
recommend.
    Great product very attractive and great value.
    Very Good Product
    Our new number plate arrived on time, was easy to fit and looks great, very
pleased.
    I was expecting metal not plastic at least the part that goes next to the
wall...it didn't had install instructions...but I should say that I was easy to
do fit....still this could be a problem for some people
    Great looking sign adds a touch of class to the house.
    Looks really nice and very clear, quick delivery and easy to install, very
happy with it.
    Looks so nice
    great finish
    Does the job.
    Brilliant,  love it. Smart,easy to fit.
    I had a problem with the delivery but the customer service was great and
quick. I am going to give 5 stars for everything cause the sorted out the
problem so quick also. Great value for the money, easy to install, good quality
and nice customer service.
    Very smart.
    Very good item and I would recommend it.
    Looks good
    Well made
    Great value for money, easy to install, looks more expensive than it is.
Thank you
    So easy to install...
    I was lucky that the mounting holes for this sign aligned perfectly with
those from the stock builder sign it replaces.  Exactly as ordered and arrived
quickly
    Love it.
    Great looking, great price, great service.
    Looks good & good value for money
    Looks lovely
    Very easy to assemble and fit
    Lovely product. Many not last as long as glass alternatives but still very
attractive
    I had a new composite door so wanted my front to look good.  This looks so
classy and expensive and is just perfect.
    I ordered this a few months ago for my holiday flat ...it came quickly and
looks  very good. I have just ordered another one for my own home and would
always use this company for signs now.
    Exactly as it appears. Very easy to mount. Looks good.
    Fab my friend has copied and her friends so smart for the money.  Fab
    Looks great, just how I envisaged it.
    Looks absolutely lovely ! Highly recommended !
    Easy to use
    Lovely product easy to fit and the service was great with next day delivery.
Would definitely recommend
    A Modern looking number with street name below, easy to fix, great vfm.
    Great ideam looking amazing 👏 👌 😍
    Very stylish product look fantastic.
    Really nice quality house-number plate. Came nicely packaged too and with
clear instructions. There are so many suppliers of this style now to choose
from, but I can highly recommend K-Smart Signs.
    Top quality product and easy to installDownside took longer to arrive than
stated
    Looks lovely, good material and a great price .
    Excellent service, great value for money, I ordered this on 23rd June, just
had it delivered at 8.15am on the 26th, very happy with my purchase, just to get
it fitted now, would totally recommend this company, thank you 😊
    Clear to read and attractive looking sign
    Looks good & easy to fit,fast delivery
    Screws a bit short for better fixing. Had difficulty buying longer screws
because the head of the screw was smaller than usual. Overall good quality
product
    I am very happy with this product,  very good value and looks lovely.
    great service and  product arrived before time  thank youcould do with the
letters again number 12 how much do they cost
    Looks good
    Nice and clear numbering
    Happy to get it
    Was a bit unsure with the reviews but for the price I thought I’d give it a
try and so glad we did!! It looks expensive and arrived within a day! Highly
recommend!
    Absolutely love the sign. Customer service is above and beyond too, despite
issue with delivery. They went above and beyond to get me the item on
time.Highly recommended
    Arrived in wrong font from the one I had chosen.  Black foil used for number
and words was very thin and was translucent when viewed on perspex.  Returned
for a refund which I still have not received.
    Looks more up to date and modern- matches my new front door now!
    Love the look at the sign but it was smaller than I expected. Still looks
good.
    Very Smart and easy to see from a distance
    One of the numbers came off , but was quickly sorted ,new one delivered next
day , brilliant service
    Good value, looks lovely and very easy to put up
    Good value
    brilliant
    Such good value we ordered 2!  Thanks 🙏🏼👍🏼
    It was easy to assemble, but a drill I'd needed to fix to the wall. The
aluminium back plate was sharp around the edges, but once it's fixed to the wall
it's not a problem.
    Great delivery. Very good Quality and up up in 15 minutes.
    Very happy with the sign. Arrived quicker that expected and looks modern and
smart
    Easy to assemble, but ollked at all the fonts and feel the one we chose
could have been a bit bolder. Other wise all good.
    Very good
    Great looks good haven’t put it up yet arrived quickly
    Just the job complete with all fixings and clear instruction uk company
doing a great job.
    Good value, exactly as described, easy to assemble and install.
    Good quality and excellent delivery. Very pleased with the product
    I was impressed with the sign and the service especially the delivery I
would definitely recommend it to neighbours and friends
    Excellent
    Arrived quickly and got an email to confirm the sign text which I thought
was good. Installed myself into brick with my hammer and really adds a nice
touch to the front of the house
    I got mine a while ago still looks like new and my sister got one great
value for money
    Arrived quickly, very easy to put up and good qualitymany thanksSusan
    Easy to assemble, comes with all the fixings and looks great
    Great product, it looks great and very good value for money
    Really classy looking
    I can’t get enough of these signs, I’ve never bought something so reasonably
priced that looks so expensive!
    We loved our new house sign so bought one for our daughter.  Very modern and
suits our property.
    We are totally delighted with the quality and the service. Amazing value
too. We wish you only more and more success. You deserve it!  Thank you very
much.
    Ordered it one day and received it the next! Very speedy service, looks
great too, thank you.
    Lovely thanks
    Ordered one of these during lockdown and expected it to take a few months
but came within a few days. Really easy to attach to the wall and looks fab!
    Poor quality and quite small
    Easy to install and great value for money!
    Easy to assemble with all the fixtures included.
    Good quality, good size very pleased with it also comes with fittings .
    Super quick delivery, good size and finish. Fantastic value for money. Very
happy with the product.
    Looks great quicker that started delivery
    Bargin
    Beautiful product. Very easy to install. Excellent value for money. Even
arrived a day early!
    Great item for the price! Easy to install and looks good.
    Brilliant product, couldn’t believe the price with the quality of it!
Already recommended to friends and family. Delivered next day also!
    Absolutely brilliant
    Good sign
    Lovely door plaque and so easy to assemble, and can be seen from a distance.
    Decent quality for price of product. Text and numbers positioned centrally
and neatly. Prompt delivery, had it 24 hours after ordering.
    Delighted with our number plaque. Ordered on Thursday 2nd July and delivered
two days later! Fantastic service and it looks fantastic!
    Love the product, very professional service, used twice in matter of days!
Would recommend highly
    Excellent product we are the talk of the street.loads of admirers,very happy
looks lovely, very pleased very good service
    Lovely
    Looks great on the wall next to front door
    Wish now I had ordered it slightly bigger
    Great product arrived quickly easy to install and almost importantly looks
great all for a very good price!
    Easy to install looks great on my house
    It was easy to install and is easy to see the door number at a distance.
Very pleased with this product.
    Great product, exceeded expectations.
    Very happy with my purchase
    Instructions were but quick and easy to assemble when you take a few minutes
to figure out. Looks great
    Fast deliver , quality product , easy to installwill definitely be
recommending you to peopleThanks you
    Quick delivery and outstanding quality. Looks amazing and is worth every
penny.
    Great buy and looks fab 5*
    Great product easy to install took 10 minutes looks great next day delivery
really pleased
    Very happy
    This is the second one purchased from the same company
    Simple sign. Nothing to be displeased about
    Excellent product easy from start to finish
    The screws were cheap and soft , suggest using own screws. The aluminium
edges were sharp and I cut myself when installing.
    Love this looks amazing good clear print and a fantastic price.
    Beautiful door number, everyone has remarked on it.
    Came super fastVery impressedThank you x5 star rating.
    Very fast delivery, easy to put together and install. Looks great and really
good value for money
    Looks good and easy to put up
    Brilliant product looks amazing. Will defo recommend.  Very easy to install
    Very pleased with this house number, looks great!
    Really good price. Very easy to put up and looks even better in person. Love
it and a very happy customer.
    Great . Super quick service and delivery . Great product very happy so much
so ordered another sign ! Highly recommend
    An amazing product for the price. The item arrived before the expected
delivery date and looks fantastic.
    Looks really stylish.
    Looks great
    house sign fabulous sign so clear and great value for the money
    Arrived quickly and was easy to install
    Very nice sign great value for money. Easy to install instructions are
straightforward. Highly recommended
    Very happy with my new house sign
    Looks amazing
    Exactly as described,easy to install ,very pleased with purchase and
recommend this product and company
    Very good product, quick delivery, easy to fit and value for money
    I ordered this in summer 2019 and it is holding up well so far in the winter
weather still good as new
    Quickly mounted and great value for money.
    Excellent value for money - looks fab for the price.
    Arrived on time, looks great! Easily installed...very pleased with product!
    Quick delivery, value for money, looks great and very simple to fit. Highly
recommend.
    Very impressed with this company. Quick turn around, excellent communication
and good product as advertised.
    Exactly as described on webpageArrived a day earlier than promised
    Good quality product. Looks nice on the wall. No complaints.
    Very fast and good service.The item is as per description.
    Only sent half of the order. No silver back piece or any of the bits to
attach it all together.
    Excellent value
    Very smart  sign and very eay to assemble and fix.
    Nice product easy installation looks very neat and clear .
    Pleased with productValue for money and looks amazing outside my home
    Great value for money looks very classy really happy would recommend this
seller
    Easy to install. Looks beautiful. Great value for money.
    Looks more expensive than it cost
    Good quality product and excellent value for money. Quick delivery.
    Ideal, looks decent quality. Made really well and easy to install.
    Really quick delivery and exactly as stated/requested
    Looks fab well worth the money
    Very good buy, would buy again if needed.
    First class plaque
    Great product and great customer service
    Was delivered within twenty four hours of ordering, brilliant.
    The exact same as the description. Really delighted with it.
    Well made and fast delivery.
    Great product at a good price. Delivery was prompt. Highly recommended
    Great product, looks great, easy to fit and excellent customer service
    Great quality, fast delivery, looks great. Really pleased.
    Great product, good price, couldn’t fault it
    Very nice
    Great product, looks modern, reasonably priced and fits the bill.
    Absolutely love my wall plaqueGreat value for moneyQuick delivery
    Arrived quickly, super easy to install. Looks clean and modern
    Exactly as per description, comes with fixings.
    The product is excellent value for money & easy to install
    There was a small crack in the Perspex when it arrived.
    Brilliant easy to put up and not expensive
    Excellent quality and super fast delivery, and reasonably priced.
    Great!
    looks and is easy to install .good value
    Very nice - looks expensive
    Fantastic speed of delivery and end product just what I wanted
    Fab service and great sign
    Lovely product, very smart
    It's lovely, good quality
    Great quality
    Looks brilliant and easy to install.
    Came the next day, easy to install, looks great
    Parcel was ‘delivered’ yet nothing has came to my door yet.
    House number
    GOOD QUALITY AND SPEEDY SERVICE WOULD RECOMMEND
    Just as described very fast postage would highly recommend
    The design
    Very classy really like the sign
    Easy to install, looks very good
    Looks expensive at a great price
    Fantastic , looks very smart next to front door
    Great purchase, great quality can highly reccomend !👍
    The sign was very goodWell made and easy to fit
    Simple and very good looking. Quick delivery too.
