    旦那への誕生日プレゼント用で購入しました。あまり期待はしてなかったのですが、届いてから旦那が毎日愛用してます。普段私も事務の仕事で目が疲れる事が多いので
、試しに使いました。とても良かったです。暖かさも気持ち良いですが、絶妙な振動とマッサージ機能で部分的に圧迫してくれるので最高です。おまけにBluetoothで音
楽も聴けるのでとても良かったです。あっという間に10分過ぎてしまいます。トータル的に価格もコスパも良くお勧めできる商品です。
    もともと目はいい方でしたが、仕事でパソコンを使い始めてから視力低下や、ドライアイに悩まされ、たまりかねて眼科に行ったところ眼精疲労で視神経が炎症を起こし
てました。目の疲れをなんとかして取りたくてこちらを購入。毎日10分間ケアしてます。心地よい振動と共にじんわりとした暖かさで目全体を包み込まれるようで本当に気持ち
いいです。他にも色々機能ついてますが10分間のアイケアだけでも、私には十分役立ってます。
    長時間パソコンを見た後の疲れた目にはとても優しい製品で、目にもマッサージが必要というきっかけで買ってみた、週に三回ぐらい使ってる、それで結構前より目の気
持ち良さをもっと気持ちよく感じれた！なにを見ても前よりはっきりになってきて、目霞も改善できてしきた！すごくいい商品です。
    目にかけると気持ちがいいのですか　五つのモードでマッサージすると音が大きいですが、目の疲れを効果的に解消することができます。特に携帯電話やパソコンを長く
しているので、昼休みにマッサージを温めることで目をリラックスさせ、目の周りの血行を促進することができます。
    奥さんが普通に温かくマッサージと合わせて快適に目の疲れかとれます 目と関係の深い神経の通り道をよくしていきます 心地良くて購入してよかったです！
    振動などは良いです。音声機能ですが音が小さすぎて何を言ってるのかわからない。
    日ごろパソコン作業で目を酷使しているので、このような製品を試したくなり今回初めて購入しました。まず使用した第一印象として、作動音が結構大きいです。特にエ
アマッサージの場合に大きな音がして、これをしたまま寝落ちすることは無いと思います。エアマッサージや振動は、あまり効果を感じないので、今後は温め機能だけで使用しま
す。あと音声ガイド付きですが、途中で音声オフが出来るのですが、一度電源を切って立ち上げる度にオンの状態なので、常にオフの状態を維持してほしいです。肝心の温かさに
ついては、強く本体を押し付けて使用する分には十分な温かさです。ただ、目に当たる素材がPUレザーなので手入れはしやすそうですが、夏場は汗で皮膚にくっついて不快にな
りそうです。目元は皮膚の皮が薄い部分なので、布地の方が良かったかのかもと思っています。着け心地は、後ろのバンドで調整できるので問題ありませんでした。熱やエアの圧
力をより感じたい場合は、バンドを絞って強めにした方が良いです。Bluetoothで音楽が聴けるようですが、元々使用する予定がなかったので試してません。何気に良か
ったのは、充電中は液晶部分が赤く点灯していて、充電が完了すると消灯するところです。総合的には購入して良かったと思いますが、やはりエアマッサージの作動音の大きさが
マイナスです。
    母へのプレゼント🎁母はずっとホットアイマスクを愛用しましたので、アイマッサージ機をプレゼントをしました。本当は暖かい機能だけでも良かったみたいです(笑)
、こめかみが揉められた時大絶賛しました(笑)。他にも振動機能あったり、音楽を聴けたり、いろいろまだ使いこなせてないですが、これから活躍できそうです。
    暖かくなるのはまあまあ早いけど、鼻のあたりに結構隙間が空くので冷える。真ん中が稼働して調整できるようにはなっているがフィット感はあまりないです。
    効果はあまりわからないです！
    毎日携帯とパソコンを使う時間がとても長いので、最近目がとても乾燥して疲れます。今は毎晩寝る前にこの眼帯でマッサージしています。熱があってとても気持ちいい
です。朝起きたら目がとても明るくて疲労感がめっきり軽減されました。
    自分へのご褒美に購入しました。Bluetoothで音楽を聴きながら気持ちよくなれます。絶妙なマッサージ機能なので寝る前に使用しています。毎日、画面を見る
ことが多いので疲れを取ってから寝る習慣が簡単に出来てとてもいいです！
    パソコン仕事をしていて多い時は12時間以上パソコンの前に座っていることもあるので目がとても疲れていて困っていました。これを使用して温めてマッサージすると
血行が良くなりとても目が休まります。寝る前に使用していると仕事中の休憩時間にも使用しています。充電式で持ち運びもできるし便利です。
    事務仕事をしていて、目の疲れから頭痛などをして困っていたので購入しました！お風呂から上がって寝る前に毎日しています！完璧に改善された訳では無いですが、少
しは緩和されたような気がします！毎日の様に頭痛薬を飲んでいましたが、今は頭痛までには至らなくなりました！引き続き続けていこうと思います！
    自分へのご褒美に買いました。寝る前に使っています。見た目より軽くて、目まわりのクッションもふかふかなので重さはまったく気になりませんでした。何よりマッサ
ージ機能が付いていてじんわり沁みる温かさとほど良い圧でリラックスして寝ることができました。
    Both the set of balls and the roller are too expensive for what they are.
The quality isn't as good as suggested by the photos on the Amazon listing. The
"free" bonus isn't worth having and is just more BS.
    I thought this product was super interesting and unlike anything I've seen
before. I get really bad back pain so I was excited to try this product out! I
wouldn't say that it's the best product for back pain, it does relieve it a
little but I found that the product couldn't roll deep enough to fully alleviate
the pain.Also, my boyfriend pointed out that I had a load of scratches on my
back. I hadn't done anything apart from rolled this product over my back. I've
had a look closer at the wooden parts of the roller and have noticed that they
don't all have a smooth finish. There's quite a few sharp edges. Thankfully I
don't have any splinters but I won't be using this again. I think perhaps if the
product were made of a material that doesn't splinter, or made to a higher
standard, then it would work better.* I was given this product to review *
    It’s hard enough and nice and compact. Only issue is there are 2 seams that
go all the way across and are sharp if you’re rolling on bare skin which I do
most of the time. Will try and remove them with a razor blade but not ideal.
    Bought for my back and it's been really good for that, my top tip if you've
never used anything like this is to have a warm bath first to relax your muscles
then roll away. Disclaimer, "I paid for this myself" either during a lightning
deal or full price
    Good rolling for muscular backs and shoulders. A little brutal on the IT
band. No bruising here and no sharp moulding edges either but the latter is a
little bit down to chance. I suspect reviews about the bruising come mainly from
foam roller newbies who would be better starting off with a softer smooth
roller, rather than going for a rigid bumpy thing like this.
    I suffer with back problems and sciatica and this is amazing. Worth every
penny. Does hurt your back but not in a awful way it’s like a good bad and makes
your back sore but worth it as so much is already better and hopefully tomorrow
it will have gone. Definitely worth buying you really won’t be disappointed
    We have been through a few rollers but end up breaking them after daily use.
This one is much more solid and doesn’t look like it will break. I’d recommend
and is great for rolling out legs and back to prevent injury
    There is no "give" in this device, as the material is a seriously hard
rubber. So you must be careful when applying pressure, as it can hurt. I have
found the device most useful in the neck region, to alleviate tension. 4 stars -
1 deducted for the pain factor.
    I have a number of foam rollers but sometimes you need to get the serious
roller out. Just the ticket for those tough muscles, like the calf's. If you
only buy one roller this is not the one, but when you need to get deep this is
what you're after.I use it often!
    this foam roller really has really great quality. I use it after doing gym
or after a day-long work. It can help me relax my muscle. There is no doubt that
you will feel painful because of the tough roller but tomorrow it will recover.
I really recommend this foam roller. What’s more, it has a bag and I can bring
to my yoga class conveniently.
    Really good quality, sturdier than it looks, take a little getting used to,
but after a couple of uses you can definitely feel the difference.
    Received it in time seems good so far but disappointed as they mentioned in
the listing that this will have a carry bag but i never received any, so thats
very disappointing.
    Next day delivery. Good value and quality for money. Robust and well made.
The ‘mogul / pyramid’ like bumps really massage the affected area well....!
Good size and the storage bag a bonus. Overall, a cracking buy for the money and
would recommend.
    jesus this is hard...there is no give in it at all...you can't lend back on
it as it would hurt!
    Amazing ❤️ For sure is my new best friend lately. I’m using it every day
after work and I am feeling better after I had some back pains. My fiancé is
using it as often as I do for a relaxing moment per day and we are deeply
satisfied about the quality of the item and how it works.
    Good quality and firm enough to work deeply with muscles. The spikes on the
photos are a bit longer than on the actual roller that I received, but it still
does a good deep tissue work. I would definitely recommend it!
    Got to used to my normal foam roller it was still working but wasn’t getting
what I wanted so thought I’d try something that would get into my tissue more,
this works wounders actually a really good buy and cheap aswell comes with a
storage bag also. Really good product very durable
    It is smaller than average foam roller and have quite dense triangular
trigger points,  very good for relaxing calf muscle.
    Great quality, packed well. I believe 13 inch is a suitable size for girls
and the length is appropriate as well . It’s perfect and almost a necessity for
relaxing muscles after exercise. Lighter than my previous foam roller, this item
is much easier to carry to gym. It’s also clean without smell. Highly recommend
this!
    Great price. This is incredible. Really helps ease muscles.
    This product was so hard it hurt to use it, not for a 64 year old, maybe ok
for someone younger
    This roller is ideal as a mechanism for massaging my own back muscles
(especially after a workout involving my back). Generally, it helps me maintain
a back that is not too tight and helps with my posture.
    Would highly recommend this product, it is beautifully made from natural
wood. I use daily across the back and shoulders to ease muscle tension and pain.
Fabulous wellbeing therapy in your own home.
    I buy it for muscle massage. It can help you to relax after training. If you
do weightlifting or powerlifting, it can also help you to warm up your muscle.
It’s essential to have one for training.
    Awsome！ it is quite useful especially after exercise. I feel a little pain
but feel good！it truly help to relax muscle! Really recommended!  Cheap and
cheerful !
    The only gripe I have with this is that there is a sharp edge that seems to
have been created when the two outside pieces were molded together that feels
like it could cut you, other then that it is a good product and the price is
good as well.
    a little small but do the job
    I have been using this product for almost a month now and I mostly use it to
cure my sore back muscles.I love this product and it’s helping me with my back
ache as well. Definitely recommended
    Good quality and delivery. I like this foam roller very much! In order to
stretch my body and eliminate fatigue after exercise, I use it for relaxing my
muscles on my inner thigh and shank, and it really helps! I use it almost
everyday.
    This yoga roller is very good, can train crus muscle in the time at home,
just start crus good ache, these two days is much better and crus muscle is not
so stiff.
    product has been great for relaxing my muscles after a days work. Very good
for my back; would 100% recommend.
    This product can relax my back. Especially after I have been working in
front of the computer for too long. This allows me to relax at home without
going out
    Love that rollers. Before I purchased that roller there was a review saying
it was too small, but when I finally got it and use it, I found it is perfect!
Not too small and not too big to store. I usually use it to relax my muscle at
the side of my leg, so the size it is enough for me. Also, the price is
acceptable and the quality is good.
    I love this special shape，It's a good tool for massage everywhere. I only
need sitting or laying use it under my feet and my back , really effective for
lazy people like me 😁
    Very good, not. For the faint hearted, as this is an intense foam roller,
which is exactly what I need for a  self deep tissue Massage. Firmness is
medium, due the design it really digs into the tight spots perfectly!
    I'm gutted this item didn't arrive with carry bag as claimed on the seller's
page.
    Great, speedy delivery. Very sturdy put together product. Painful to use but
feels good after. Sure it won’t hurt once get used to it.
    To hard and bobbly, prefer the one that aren’t so brutal on my back.
    Helps my back after a good work out and tight
    Absolutely amazing, so well made as well! Perfect for your back and
shoulders really helps ease tension in your shoulders and your back. 5 star!
Can't wait to order and try the others!
    Perfect
    Product very useful helped me with my back pain
    Fast Delivery，Good quanlity！Highly recommend item!
    Very good foam roller, I can use it in the gym or at home, it is easy to
carry, and the back and feet are very comfortable and satisfactory.
    Perfect for self massaging especially those hard to reach areas
    This is way too painful for me at the moment to be effective. I need to
loosen my muscles with another roller before I can get deeper with these ones.
    It’s a great rollers! My friend and I use it to help each other to relax
muscle every day! It’s small enough to take. I love it !
    This roller is tough but it supposed to be, it’s perfect for your ‘do it
yourself at home deep massage’ I just wish I found it sooner, absolutely
perfect.
    Nice sturdy and a good travel size can be use for full body but still small
enough to fix into a travel bag.
    It wors very well!!
    Keeps my back supple
    The carry bag was missing from this order. Feel short changed as part of the
description states that is comes with one as a bonus!
    Good firm foam roller！Very sturdy and well made, light in weight，and it is
really effective for stretching. Very cheap and great value.
    harder than I think😂 start to get used to it，hope it can help me to shape
body ～
    It barely tickles the back let alone massages it :(
    Same as in the gym. The hardness is very good. No smell. And it has a very
good bag. I can also exercise at home.
    Fantastic product but not for the faint hearted, one of the more stronger
rollers I've used
    Convenient size and good for rolling on calf muscle and arms.
    Really good deep tissue and trigger point massager
    A little bit painful at the start but ones worn in it hit the spot
    Good value for money and gives a strong, deep massage
    Turned up quick and on a Sunday.As for the product it’s great for getting
that deep knot!
    Exactly what I need ideal for the price
    Just what I needed. I love it.
    Great roller, does the job well!
    An excellent product
    Excellent for targeting tight muscles
    Awesome
    Stretch
    Very good quality n effective for deep tissue massage.
    really nice，very good quality and easy to use. strong recommend to buy
    Good  it is really realx and feel so comfortable after use it.
    Very good quality, it is really  helpful to relax ur muscles
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Die Packung ist sehr gut!
Für mich ist dieses Produkt perfekt , ich mache regelmäßig Yoga und andere Sport
zu Hause , es passt mir sehr gut. Das Material finde ich auch super. Mein Rücken
tut ein bisschen weh, weil ich muss jeden Tag lang Zeit setzen, ich hoffe, dass
diese Produkt mir beim Rückenschmerz helfen könnte.
    Ich habe mir die Rolle als Ergänzung zu einer glatten Rolle gekauft und
benutze sie vor allem für Waden, Oberschenkel und sogar seitlich vom Schienbein.
Sie ist aber auch für den Rücken geeignet, wobei man aber, wie auch bei der
glatten Rolle, mit Vorsicht vorgehen sollte. Vor allem weil hier keine
Aussparung für die Wirbelsäule ist. Durch die einzelnen "Noppen" kann man  recht
gezielt tieferliegende Verpannungspunkte erreichen.Dadurch dass das Material
zwar hart ist, aber trotzdem ganz leicht nachgibt ist es  mit ein bisschen Übung
gut auszuhalten und ich fühle mich danach immer wie massiert.Leider wird bei der
Verpackung zuviel unnötige Plastikfolie verwendet. Alles ist doppelt und
dreifach eingepackt. Dabei wäre bei diesem Produkt einfaches Packpapier völlig
ausreichend....der Umwelt zuliebe... Dann gäbe es 5 Sterne.
