    Its wonderful! Long enough to use while charging the phone and it also
charges my phone fast. I was wondering if it would work, but it did. Definitely
buying it again if needed.
    Really as described! Charging my iPhone very very fast ! Certainly recommend
this product
    My iPad was not holding the charge, it was going down to 65 percent charge
and dying. It took all night to charge. I tried two different chargers and the
same thing happened. I thought I needed a new iPad. With this it changes in two
and a half hours  great product.
    This was perfect for my needs to charge my iPad Pro. It works flawlessly and
has just the right amount of length I needed.Very happy with this set up.
    If it were possible, I would have given zero stars.  Used product first
night I received it, worked fine.  Hasnâ€™t worked again.  I got my phone charged
exactly ONCE before this piece of crap died. Donâ€™t waste your money in this
charger or this seller!
    It beats any charger I have used before. It turbo charges my phone and I'm
not waiting and waiting!
    Works great and it really does charge fast
    What can I say? This does what it should and the price was good.
    Good walk charger for Apple products
    does its job
    Love how fast the charger gets my devices ready to use again. No more long
waiting. Very fast charge.
    Works great for my iPad.
    I am a repeat customer!
    No problems with this item.  Needed it and it works.
    It seems very durable.
    Perfect
    Cable broke within couple of days of use. Waste of money and very
dissatisfied
    Dead after one day
    Me gustarÃ­a que me llamen a mi nÃºmero de telÃ©fono o en quÃ© sea toquen el
timbre 929-529-4993Gracias recibÃ­ mi paquete!
    This did NOT work in my phone. It takes only iPhone charger, and this
claimed to be apple approved. Very frustrating
    Use to charge phone
    Works great!
    I only had the charger about 3 weeks and itâ€™s not working properly
    Charge ipad
    This is good
    The TalkWorks USB Wall Charger Adapter has a build and materials quality on
par with OEM Apple products -- at least initially. It does as advertised,
charging my family's  iPhones an iPads efficiently in a minimum amount of time.
If you have a lot similar devices, you can never have too many of these.  It
works just fine for 2017 and prior products, but it would have been nice if
instead of 2.4 Amp it were 4.5 or 5 Amp. It does get a little warm during use,
but not hot. For the price, I can't complain.The durability feels pretty good
and the socket prongs don't collapse at the slightest touch like many other
aftermarket units. The compact brick size lets me wrap it up and throw it in a
bag, or even a large pocket. The MFI Certified 5ft. cable is just the right
length in this regard as well. It has worked well for me at home thus far and it
is on my list of things to bring during my next trip.~ Kort
    I have had this cable for a few weeks now and I am very impressed so far. It
has been holding up a whole lot better than many replacements that I have
purchased in the past. I also really like how the cube is included since
everyone knows how easy those things are to misplace. It is always great to have
an extra around. Overall, this cable is very nice quality and seems to be very
durable. I will update the review if this changes. Great buy!
    My kids have an older iphone 5 and iphone 6 and they are constantly sharing
cables.+ Quality cable and AC adapterIt feels quality and all the fittings are
tight and smooth and complete between the connector end and the cable itself.+
Worked out of the box for both their phones.Charging and/or data transfer were
easy-peasy.+ We like it came with the AC adapter that also the prongs could be
folded in for easier transport.OVERALL:For devices using lightning technology,
this has been a winner for us.
    This charger packs a powerful punch!  I have been impressed that the cord
has lasted and not frayed etc like most inexpensive chargers do. After months of
use it still functions perfectly and quickly charges my devices.
    I have been using this charger as a travel charger for my iPad. It charges
it well and also charges my phone faster as it is 12W. It is much more compact
than the original iPad charger so I like it as it is good for travel. The
included cable is also long enough at 5ft and is very sturdy so I can use it
during vacation when plug points are not too close to my bed.
    I was excited to receive this charger since it was 5ft and I really needed a
long chord to reach my bed, so this was perfect. I've been using it daily for
about a month now, and realized last night that it no longer worked. I kept
unplugging and re-plugging, tried a different wall-socket, everything. The
lifespan is very low...
    The cord on this wall charger is thick, which gives the impression that it
will last a long time. The only negative so far is that the wall plug smelled
weird. It wasn't overpowering, so I won't dock a star for that.
    Got this charger for my iPad as a backup for the one I've used for quite a
while.  It works great.  I like having a backup so I'm never without a fully
charged iPad since I use it constantly.
    I love the fact that I don't get that error: this accessory is not
supported, when using this.  It charges with out disruption.  Love it.
    this is your basic charger for iphone or ipad and it works.  it's nice to
have a spare as these chargers tend to get lost or cables stop working.
    I had recently purchased a charger after my original Apple iPhone charger
died.  I think I found it on eBay from China.  It lasted maybe two weeks?  I
guess I am easily pleased now after that lousy experience, because having it
work every time I plug it in is just such a joy to me.  ðŸ¤£
    Works as expected. Pleased with quality
    Works as described and has held up well thus far.  I highly recommend.
    This product is well-made and is an excellent value.
    It works well.
    Very good charger. Works great with my new iPhone
    Charges fast  So far seems well made
    Iâ€™m a mobile worker so fits in my purse.
    This product is similar and works the same as the charger you receive in a
new iPhone or iPad box.
    Pretty much the same cable as we discussed in my earlier review of said
cable, snarky remarks apply equally well here. I will add the charger block is
decent in that the prongs do not fold at the slightest breath of air like so
many other cheap aftermarkets ones do, but it also is not what must be the new
standard (according to Apple, anyway) of a USAB-C on both ends, this is a pretty
regulation aftermarket, 5v 2.4 charger.As durable and heavy duty as can be
practical, the TalkWorks is yet another entrant in the world of aftermarket
charge cables and accessories vying for- well, just what I am not sure. Impulse
buy end cap at Staples? Works for me. Its way heavy duty, strain relief is
superior, but all told it's just another cable in a field that must include
hundreds of competitors, a spot check shows about 20 pages here on Amazon, with
20-25 a pageâ€¦.  no wonder they're always showing up for we Vine reviewers to try
to come up with some new angle to bring to your attention.And of course, now
that my stable of Lightning cables is abundant, it seems Apple has climbed on
the USB-C bandwagon, when they finally move the rest of their phones over
(assuming the XI or whatever by the time you read this has made the switch) I
will end up with a few dozen cables in a drawer to keep the USB-mini's and B's
company. I can only hope the chargers themselves start stepping up to the newer
high output of 4.5 or 5A, it seems to take the newer device batteries a lot
longer to charge with the older blocks.
    If you have an Iphone there is a strong likelihood you that you have
chargers and cords all over the place, most of which you can't find or go
missing.  A replacement set like this is great to have another source to charge
at work, or just in different areas of your house.  My whole family uses Apple
products so we have several different chargers in different locations throughout
the house.This charger worked well, it is one of the small chargers (best used
for Iphone, not for the Ipad).  It will work on larger products but the charge
time is increased significantly.  The cord is sturdy, and the power block is
small enough that you can carry it around with you without it feeling too bulky.
The cord and charger worked great for us as a replacement.  I find that the
cords tend to wear out after significant use, and they have to be replaced from
time to time.  I couldn't really tell a significant difference between this cord
and block versus the apple ones that come with the products (some are
significantly inferior).So overall a good charging block.  Makes a good
replacement, or just another place to charge your device.  At this price point
the quality is good, and it does the job it was intended to do.
    This is definitely one of the higher quality USB charger and cables you can
buy, outside of OEM Apple gear.  The adapter has a nice solid feel to it, and
the case has a rubberized texture.  The power prongs fold in and are very solid
- they won't flip open or closed on their own.  The lightning cord is longer
than your average cord at 5 feet, and appears to be well made.  I have some that
have the cover at the lightening plug end separating from the connector after no
much use.The adapter is larger than the usual small Apple adapters, but this is
a 2.4A adapter.  The small Apple adapters are only 1A, which means this will
charge devices much faster than those bricks.  The larger adapters that come
with iPhones are a bit bigger than this TalkWorks adapter.This is a pretty good
buy for a solid adapter with what I would call "medium" speed charging for Apple
devices.  I expect to get several years of use from this adapter, and will
probably take it with me in my bag for use during travel.
    Phone charger cords have a way of fraying, over the years, at the end near
the phone. Those handy little wall converters also have a way of vanishing, so
when I was in need of a replacement charger cord for my iPhone, this item that
included both seemed perfect! It's obvious straight out of the box that the cord
is more durable than the standard one that comes in the box, it's much less
yielding...and it's longer, 5 feet long in fact, a nice bonus if you're looking
at your phone in bed or at a desk! The wall converter has prongs that flip up or
down, making it easy to throw in a pocket. After using it for about a week, I've
not had issues with the phone indicating that the accessory isn't supporting or
it not working, it does exactly what I needed it to do, so I'm very satisfied
with this product!
    I should be more generous to this generic wall charger, but i am only giving
it three stars because it only has one USB instead of two and yet it is a bit
bigger than the OEM wall cube. To me, it should be smaller or have two plugs I
stead of one.It does charge my phone (iPhone 7plus) fine and the cable is a
decent, slavish knockoff of the OEM. This is good from the slim connector size.
Durability is not yet known to me. I would expect that since the connectors look
identical to the Apple OEM version, they will have the same or worse strain
relief failure.So, decent value, but super Greif.
    My wife lost her iPad Air charger.  I was given the chance to try this for
an honest review.  Honestly...it worked just fine.  While I can't compare it to
the original Apple charger I imagine it is somewhat of a clone both
aesthetically and electrically.  At any rate it does what I needed and for a lot
less than Fruit Central gets for their holy one.
    I'm not sure where this mobile app has to do with this iPhone Charger
Adapter Charger with 5ft Lightning Cable but whatever it is works great. Nice
size, a little bigger than the cap that came with phone and the cord feels
pliable so I can hope. I'm satisfied.
    Charged my phone quick! Just under an hour to fully charge. Iâ€™m glad amazon
sent me this to test out. Iâ€™m always losing/misplaying my iPhone cables, and you
can never have enough of the little usb wall cubes. Definitely a plus that the
charging prongs fold down for easy storage (See pic)
    Got this charger because it never hurts to have another USB charger in the
house, and it works just fine charging our phones and iPads. Nothing too fancy;
just works as intended and expected.
    So far this is a great charger. I've thrown it in my bag, in my purse and
it's gotten twisted in traveling and it's still working without a short in the
cord.
    This plug seems to work as well as any charger, but unfortunately a prong
bent right away. I donâ€™t know if it is more prone to bending or if it just bent
from trauma.
    Reliable charger for my iPhone, works great.
