    初めてのネックスピーカー、感動してます。今までBOSEのヘッドフォンや骨伝導のヘッドフォン使ってたし、こちらも値段的にあんまり期待してなかった。聞こえれ
ばいいかな、くらい。でも！！！！臨場感ヤバいです。この値段でこれならアリありのアリでしょう！えー、なんか物買ってこんな感動したの、初めてかも(笑)購買も結婚も期
待しないことが良いのかな？(笑)
    PCに接続して使用してみたが、ペアリングも簡単に出来てすんなり接続できました。オーディオコントロール（早送りや巻き戻し）とボリュームが別れているのも良い
ですね。電源スイッチはスライド型で耐久性がちょっと心配だが一目でONかOFFか分かるので良いかも。肝心の音はタブレットやノートPCの内蔵スピーカーよりちょっと良
いかな程度ですね。音楽をじっくり楽しむならイヤホンかヘッドホンを使うべきですが、BGMの様に流すなら充分です。ただ、全体の音質はオーディオテクニカのAT-NSP
300BTには負ける感じかな…聞き比べると少しこもった音に聞こえます。ただ値段差が3倍あるので、3倍良いかというとそんな事もなく、動画やノベルやRPG系のゲーム
用としてなら充分ですね。遅延がSBCより少ないAPTX対応なのも良いです。
    集合住宅に住んで居るので周りの部屋の迷惑にならないように音量を下げてテレビを観ているのですが音声が聞き取り難く、手元スピーカーとかヘッドホンを使ったりし
ていたのですがいまいちしっくり来ず、この商品を試してみたところ非常に聞き取り易く快適でした。音質はあまり期待出来ませんがテレビを観るには十分です。テレビにBlu
etoothトランスミッターを接続して使っています。テレビから少し音声を出すと音に拡がりが出ていい感じです。当然ですがトイレに行ってもキッチンに行っても音声が聞
こえます。
    機器にもすぐに接続でき、曲を聴くことが出来ます。また、自転車に乗りながら使用するために購入し、すぐに試してみましたが、首にかけていることを忘れてしまうく
らい自然な感じでした。音もイヤホンで聞いているかの如く普通に聞こえます。良い製品ですよ♪
    TVの音を聞くのに使用しています。重さも軽く、TVの声などもきちんと聞こえて大変満足しています。遅延なども発生していなくて、違和感有りません。あまり長時
間連続して使用していないのでバッテリーの持ちとかはわかりません。また、音楽なども聞いていないので評価はできません。デザインや作りがチープなのが残念ではありますが
、値段から考えて妥当なところかと思います。
    とても簡単につながり音質もとても良井です。良い買い物をしました。
    コスパも良く、十分使えています。耐久性については、分かりませんが、長く使えることを祈りつつ、ガンガン使っていきたいです。
    元々耳が悪い為、普通のヘッドホンには抵抗がありました。これは耳に負担がなく周りの音も聞こえるので買って正解でした。
    本体にアンプ機能が無くて残念、送信側での音量調節のみになってしまう。
    音質よし電気屋じゃどこも一万円以上のものしかないので、助かりました。家事しながら色々聴けて満足です。
    使い勝手がたいへんよいです。
    首につけている感覚はあまり無く、音質も良いです。音漏れが少しだけ気になります。
    締め付け感が無く、外部の音が聞こえるのがいい。
    小さなスピーカーですが、ある程度の臨場感は感じられます。
    お値段相応の商品かと思います。接続も簡単でよかったです。
    接続も簡単でした。このタイプは初めてでしたがとても便利です。
    少々離れても聴こえてグッドです
    思ったよりよかったです！
    音量が足りない
    音質はお世辞にも良いとは言えません。ヘッドホンを外して首にかけて聞いたようなシャカシャカした音が鳴ります。スピーカーは、なぜか片側に２個づつで、合計４個
あります。首の部分のサイズをあまり大きく出来ないので、小さなスピーカーを２個乗せたのだと思いますが、そもそもの小さなスピーカーの性能が良くないのか、音質的には最
小限度です。ニュースとか音声を聞く分には問題無いのですが、音楽を聴くための機器では無いと思います。スマホのスピーカーの方が、よっぽど良い音が出ています。それと、
スマホやＰＣとのBluetoothの接続は簡単に出来たのですが、曲の送りとか一時停止のボタンは、押すと「ピポ」音はするのですが、実際の曲送りや一時停止などの操作
はされません。私の個体が故障しているだけなのかもしれませんが、Bluetoothのリモコン機能は使えないようです。耳の密閉感が無くて解放感はあるのですが、もとも
と音は完全に外に漏れる構造のため、電車とか屋外ではの使用には向かない機器なので、どうせ屋内で使うなら小さなスピーカーを近くに置いた方が良いような気がしてきました
。骨伝導の様に、周りに騒音がある環境でも聞こえるとかの特殊用途なら別ですが、普通のユーザーにはメリットがほとんど無いような気がします。期待していたような音は聞こ
えなかったので、星３つの評価といたします。
    どう見ても、全く異なる商品のレビュー（海外）が多く、しかも高評価なので、全体の評価数値が偽装されている可能性があります。　本内容については、先日カスタマ
ーサポートさんに連絡したのに、未だ対応していない状況なので、運営さん側は、このレビューを削除する際に、海外レビューの吟味をしてください。
    ・音質はこのサイズのスピーカーであることを考慮すれば及第点。・聞こえ易さを優先したか、またはサイズ的な問題で低音は乏しい。シャリ。・首掛けグッズとしては
負担が少ない方ではあるがやはり多少は首がこる。・首への負担が少ないぶんホールド力も低い。ワークアウト中に装着するのは難しい。・ある程度聞こえるまで音量をあげると
けっこうな音量になるため同室にいる人に聞こえないよう配慮するのには使いにくい。・「窓をあけて掃除しているときにも音楽を聞きたい。しかしイヤホンをつけてしまうと子
どもの泣き声やインターホンに気づくことができなくて困る」という感じのシチュエーションで活きるアイテム。
    オーケストラなどの細かい音の響きを再現するのは苦手なような気がします。低音と打楽器の音が弱いです。人の声は聞こえやすかったので、夜中に周りに迷惑をかけず
テレビを見るという用途が一番合っていました。家の中でスピーカーをガンガン鳴らしたいけれど無理というような住環境であれば、耳元のみで響くネックスピーカーは良い選択
肢だと思います。Bluetoothを接続する際の音声は英語でした。一体成形ではないので、商品説明の写真にあるように、力一杯M字になるくらいに曲げると、ネックにあ
たる部分とスピーカー部分が浮いて外れそうになります。
    難聴なのでナビのガイド音声が聞き取りにくいのでナビに送信機をつけて運転しながらとおもったのですが、そもさも最大音量が小さすぎるので難聴の私にはあまりメリ
ットはなさそうです、車内スピーカーのほうが、ききとりやすい、難聴のかたはよく検討した方が、、、
    商品説明を読んで、また見た目も良いので購入したのですが、とにかく音質が悪すぎてもっともっと安物の2スピーカーでももっと良い音に感じる位、本当に音が安っぽ
く……この買い物は失敗でした。😢
音質は概ね価格通りだと思いますが、低音は効いてないです。1番最悪なのは、左右スピーカーの音量が違う点です。これは、かなり不快感があります。もう使わないです。
    自宅の構造上リビングのすぐ近くに子供部屋があり、子供たちが寝た後にテレビや映画を見るときにはいつもワイヤレスイヤホンを使っていました。ただ、これだと外部
の音が聞こえなくなること、耳に入れっぱなしなのでかゆい、などの不満がありました。BOSEの同様の製品は知っていましたが、ただテレビみたいだけで出せるお値段じゃな
いなーと。そんなときにこれを見つけてすぐ購入。結果、大満足です。まず前提条件として、音楽を聞くような用途には向いていません。そういう音作りではありませんし、そも
そも製品の成り立ちが全く違います。しかしバラエティ番組の音声を聞き取ったり、映画を見たりと言った用途なら十分すぎます。中音域にフォーカスしているので聞き取りやす
いです。音漏れに関しては、指向性のスピーカーから音が出ている状態なので、漏れるも何も出てますけど？といった感じです。ただ、指向性なので少し離れた場所ではかなり小
さくしか聞こえず、子供部屋には一切聞こえていません。音質や迫力はイヤホンのほうが上ですが、快適性は間違いなくこちら。めちゃくちゃいい買い物でした。
    購入して2台目になりますが、値段の割にいい品物だと感じてます。良質な音質で使いたいのであれば値段を上げたらよいものはまだまだありますが、ラジオやテレビを
飛ばして使うのなら低音疲れなどもないので気に入ってますよ。おすすめです。
    ペアリングも問題なくできました。音量と一時停止もスピーカーで調整できます。首に掛けても重さは気にならないです。一見固そうに見えますが、実際は首にかける部
分は柔らかく、首にかけやすいです。
    ２種類の登録ができるところが良いと思います。携帯スマホとテレビなどと考えましたがテレビとの接続が、型式によってできない年式かな？
    ネックスピーカーを試してみたくて買いました。音質は極めてよいというわけではありませんが、Bluetoothの接続はスムースで、この価格なら十分な機能だと
思います。電池持ちも悪くありません。
    The deco M5 'puck' and the charger fit snugly inside the Galdoo Outlet
Mount. Firm enough to feel confident, but not so tight that it will damage the
plastic surface of the device. The grooves on the back to coil the extra cable
is a nice touch. I was able to get my messy setup off the floor and relatively
neatly tucked in the holder, hanging on the wall. Now it looks much neater and
is under less danger of someone accidentally stepping on it. At this price, I
would definitely recommend it if you want to get your deco M5 node off the
ground.
    So I love the Deco mesh system but with a number of the devices around the
house I needed a better way to keep everything neat. This solved that problem. I
was able to mount the device to the wall with no damage to the wall and it
doesn't take up any extra space on the outlet. I'm kind of surprised the system
doesn't come with something like this. A must have.
    Despite the product description online and that on the box, this unit does
NOT work with P7 units; the power adapter is much larger than the opening of the
mount. The access point itself does fit nicely, but this mount will NOT work
with P7 units. Sadly, because searches will pick up on the presence of P7 in the
comments, people might get the impression this is for mounting a P7 unit, but it
is NOT!
    This is the second outlet mount I purchased for my TP-Link Deco M5 mesh Wifi
system, I liked the first one that much.  My wife didn't want to see a bunch of
wires laying around or the M5's taking up space on the horizontal surfaces in
our home, so this was a perfect solution.  The fit is perfect, the wire is
tucked behind the mount so all you see is the M5 and the wall wort which plugs
into a standard outlet.  It has left my wireless router (Deco M5) secure and out
of the way and I couldn't be happier.  Thank you for a great product that lives
up to all  my expectations.
    After recently installing three Deco units in my home using the Mesh system,
I noticed that the middle Deco wasn't adequately placed but I didn't really have
anywhere to put it so I found this mount and it has worked perfectly! It is very
very easy to install and the build quality is very good. I 100% would recommend
it to anyone!
    Bought two of these and I am very happy with how they are designed.  The
circumference of the holder perfectly fits the length of the power cord and the
router is very neatly mounted to the power plug without any screws.  Highly
recommended.
    For the money these are perfect. These units are meant to be mounted higher
so if your outlet is floor level I would look at one of the brackets that can be
mounted higher. However, if your outlet is face level you can't go wrong. Takes
5 minutes to install, manages cords well, and looks way better than just
throwing the Puck somewhere. Ps. If you use the thin braided ethernet cords you
can also weave that into the cord management channels.
    I ordered this mount about a week ago today. So far the mount has met all my
expectations. I got it to help make room and move the router. So far, it
definitely manages the cord and keeps it out of the way nicely. The plug and
router fit snugly in the mount and I don't fear that it will fall out. Great
value and excellent product!
    This review is for the TP-LINK Mesh WiFi Deco M5 wall mount.  I am very
pleased with this product.  I had my M5 router on my desk and wanted a way to
move it off the desk.  I researched all the M5 wall mounts and selected this
one.  I am glad I did.The quality is high and it is very well designed.  I did
test WiFi speed before I moved it off my desk and after I relocated the M5 with
this mount.  I found no difference in speed or connectivity.I highly recommend
this product!
    Perfectly fit and the cheapest in Amazon. It keeps the mesh router neat and
clean. Plastic does not look flimsy, easy to install.
    This works well to keep deco cords off the floor and not be a tripping
hazard.  I may buy more for other spots in the house.
    The product was easy and quick to assemble.  It is attractive and matches
the aesthetic of the Deco M5.  Certainly improves the flexibility of where the
M5 can be placed.  I was particularly pleased it did not obstruct use of the
other outlet plug.
    Product works great, it wraps up all the cords & plugin.  An easy install,
neat, sleek looking wall outlet plugin device.Worked so well I bought a 2nd one
to hang instead of setting on counter.
    just got it and installed it. took less than 5 mins to install it and now my
deco 5 doesnt need to be on the fl. if you are looking for wall hanger for Deco
5, this price is hard to beat for what it does.
    It is very strong and holds the M5 disc in a matter that gives a sense of
lasting durability.
    No more mess with cables on the floor. Plugged into an outlet behind the
couch, totally invisible. Love it!
    Device keeps the Deco off the floor and is compact..recommended
    This is a wonderful product. Took about 5 minutes to set up. It is nice to
have my Tp-Link Deco off the floor where people could bump into it and
potentially damage the unit.
    Nice fit, easy install. Using 2 in my house now for past 1 month, no
problems. Happy with the clean install/look.
    This works as intended. Just make sure you have the Deco M5 and not a
different model.
    This did exactly what I needed. There was not a good place to put the router
node in my downstairs so this got it off the floor and made it look good. I have
had a bunch of friends comment on it and want to know where to get one
themselves.
    This was perfect for placing one of my TP Link Deco M5 units in a central
part of my house without needing a table or desk for it. The power cord neatly
fits within the back of the mounting piece.
    Easy set up, takes up minimal space...and no cords hanging around.
    Works exactly as intended and well made. Would recommend!
    Works as described.
    Product worked well.
    Great companion for the deco M5. Fits perfectly and leaves no tangles on the
power or network cable . Good quality on materials and finish .
    Unobtrusive design holds the router securely.  The built in cable storage is
great. I was able to locate the router in the optimal spot for my application.
    I've installed this in a horizontally oriented outlet in a hallway. It keeps
the M5 securely mounted with the wires tucked out of the way. Clever design!
    Great mounting technique, now I wont have to leave it on the carpet floor.
Strongly recommend if you have no desk in reach to put it on. I only needed to
use one for now, but the other two will come in handy when I purchase more
decos. Awesome!
    a simple, well constructed design. originally the Deco M5 we were using was
lying on the ground and we tripped on it a couple times. having this nice
compact wall mounted setup is just what we needed- it also doesn’t block the
bottom outlet, unlike some other products.
    Works perfect for us, keeps the shelves clear and cords all wrapped up tidy.
Definitely a winner.
    Fit the power cord and the Deco M5 itself perfectly.  Cord coils neatly on
the back out of sight.  I was happy to find that the mount is sturdy enough that
the whole assembly can be installed sticking up above the outlet or hanging down
below it depending on your particular needs.
    Good fit y easy to mount with
    This was the most unobtrusive looking version of a mount for the deco M5
that I could find and I can confirm that it looks just as good and works just as
well in reality as it does in the picture.  It was easy to wind the cord in the
grooves and everything is neat and tidy.  Looks great plugged into the wall.
    The TpLink Deco fits perfectly and all the wires are neatly tucked away.
This is perfect for the hallway.
    Wish I would have found these sooner. These should come with the MiFi router
they are that good. Perfect for a clean looking install.
    Worked perfectly as advertised.  Fit the Deco M5 unit fine.  No tools
needed. Wires wrapped into the cable management grooves without any problems.
Great product for keeping Deco unit from taking up counter space.
    good product, works just as described
