    中国製品だとはしらなかったアースだからてっきり日本製だと。。よく確認しなくてはいけませんね
    寒い時期になると長湯の傾向がありますため、入浴剤を投入する機会が多くなります。毎回同じ入浴剤でも良いのですが、個人的には違いを感じられた方が楽しいので、
異なる種類の詰め合わせセットを購入しています。入浴剤としては香りも良く、一回当たりのコスパも抑えられている点が良いです。入浴剤無しの時と比べて、湯上りの体のポカ
ポカ具合が違います。使い心地の感想ですが、こちらの商品はお湯の色が白濁色になり、湯質もぬめりが感じられるタイプです。なので、透明色がお好みの方 や
サッパリとした湯上りを好まれる方は選択肢から除外された方が良いかもしれません。
    白元さんのとこちらと両方購入しましたが、こちらの方が圧倒的に好きです。香りが良くて強いのでお風呂上がった後も残り香に癒されます。お湯はパステルカラーでぬ
るっとしてていい感じ。白元さんの方はこちらと比べて香りも濁りもぬるっと加減も弱いです。香りも苦手な部類でした。好みによりますので参考になれば…。
    入浴剤は、湯が完全に色づくいて透き通らない方が好きなので、そう言った意味では濃くて好きでした。香りは少しやすっぽく、個人的にあまり好みではないです。あと
、濁り湯で、浴槽がヌルっとするのが私はいまいちでした。洗えばすぐ落ちますが、風呂釜も白くなるので最初は少し驚きました。でも、これは完全に好みの問題ですね。
    濁りが好きなのでいい。しかもお湯もヌルっとして温泉気分。送料2000円以上に合わせていろんな入浴剤を（濁り系）購入しましたがこの露天めぐりシリーズが一番
好きになりました。また購入します。
    温泉入り♨に行きたいね、と家族👪で話していたので、丁度良くブラックフライデーのタイムセールになっていた、こちらの薬泉めぐりを即購入しました。😊温泉の入浴
剤と言えば、硫黄のイメージがありますが、薬泉めぐりは、お風呂🛁を痛めるイオウも入っていないので安心して使えます。👍✨いつも使ってるバブよりはお高いですが、本日使
用してみて違いを感じました。なんと言うか、お湯が柔らかく感じる様な気がしました。上がった後のお肌もなんとなくスベスベというか、柔らかく感じました。あくまで個人の
意見ですが。😅香りもバブほど強くなく、程よく温泉気分を味わえました。にごり湯って素敵!✨　家族👪もご満悦のようなので、今年の温泉旅行は自宅で気軽に入れる温泉めぐ
りの入浴剤を使ってGotoトラベル🛩します。😊✨
    白く濁ったお湯になる入浴剤が好きで、全てが白濁した湯になるこちらのセットを購入しました。ピンクや青、緑などパステルカラーになる入浴剤が入っていて、毎晩３
歳の息子が「今日は何色にしよっかなー」と楽しそうに選んでいます。香りもどれもキツすぎずちょうど良く、湯あたりもやわらかくなり芯まで温まり、冬にはぴったりでした。
桜の色と香りが特に最高です！
    粉末状の入浴剤で、４種類入っていますがどれも良い香りがします。お風呂からお湯を抜いても暫くは良い香りが続いて、嬉しい気持ちになります。粉末状なのでお湯に
溶けやすい点も気に入っています。すでに何度か購入しています。
    色んな入浴剤がありますが、この入浴剤がお気に入りで、通常ホームセンターで購入ホームセンターに行く手間を考えると、こちらで購入するのが簡単に速やかに届くの
で便利今後も、必要になったときはクリック！します。【追記2019.3】これって！定期配送してほしいな。毎回注文が面倒になってきた。
    この入浴剤に出会えて本当に良かったと思っています。にごり具合、すこし滑らかなお湯になり保温効果もあると思います。冬場には欠かせません。近くのホームセンタ
ーで買うよりとても安く、このシリーズだけ売り切れることもあるので、Amazonで購入しています。お風呂好きな方ぜひどうぞ。
    海外在住者です。今はなかなか日本に帰ることもできず温泉が恋しい日々です。私の住んでいるところが硬水だからか肌髪とも痛みきしみを感じる…基本シャワーで湯船
に浸からない風習…だんだん慣れてはきたのですがたまに入るお風呂の入浴剤は日本のものを！と思い今回いくつか購入しました。その中でもこちらのにごり湯はお湯が柔らかく
なって本当に良かったです。お風呂上がりも肌がしっとり。また購入したいと思います！
    商品は大変気に入っており、特選タイムセールで安く購入でき大満足でした。しかし、梱包に問題があり、５箱のうち３箱に破れがありました。エアキャップのビニール
封筒での配送ではどう考えてもそうなるでしょう。プロのお仕事としてはお粗末で、ガッカリしました。
    子供が入溶剤が好きなので、こちらを購入しました。３種類ほどあり、いろいろな温泉地の名前が書かれています。入れるとお湯には色が付き、少しぬるっとします。そ
こまで色が付くわけではなく半透明といった感じ。匂いもそんなにないかと思います。保湿力などの効果はあまり分かりませんが、子供が色のついたお風呂を楽しんでいるので買
って良かったです。
    濁りの青とかピンクはちょっと落ち着かなかったです。白の濁りは良かったです。温泉の香りも、もう少し強めの方が良かったかなぁ。
    安いやつから高いものまで色々使ってきましたが、これ１箱で色々試せるのでコスパ最高だと思います。お風呂に入るのが楽しくなります。
    Love these my skin is so soft and I feel so relaxed. They leave colors in
bath tub so I am cleaning more frequently but they are worth it.
    匂いを楽しむために使ってます。4種類あるので、その日の気分によって選べます。特別な効能は感じませんが、良い匂いがして、バスタイムが楽しくなります。
    いくつか温泉系の入浴剤を試しましたが、色が派手なものや、濁りが少ないもの、香りが香料っぽいもの、ハズレが多いですが、本品は1番良いと思います。リピート購
入しています。
    とてもお気に入りの入浴剤です。温泉のにごり系が好きででいろいろ試しましたがこれが一番良いです。にごり具合とにおいがとても良いです。大容量お得パックがある
ともっと良いですね。
    香りがキツイです。人工的な香り。成分を見ても、香と書いてあり、人工のものです。自然な良い香りというより、ちょっとキツイ、香りすぎると思うくらいです。おす
すめはしません
    濁り湯好きには良いですね。色のバリエーションは個人差ありでしょうが、当方はあまり重要ではありません。香りも、全部同じかな？っていう感じ。白濁してるからま
あいいか！って感じ。まあこんなもんじゃないですか。
    沢山の種類に浸かれるので購入しました暖まれるのは普通よりは暖かいですが体に効く感じはあまりなかったです。
    数種類かの香りやお湯の色を楽しめていいです。入浴タイムが楽しくなるのでオススメです。香りもすごくいいです！
    安価でしっかり体も温まっていい感じ。何よりたくさん入ってるのでその日の気分によって変えられるのもいいですね。
    炭酸効果は無いですが、入浴剤のなかでもこの色合いと香りが1番好きです。何より日によって色と香りを変える楽しみ。本当に、リラックスしたい時使います。
    バスクリン系は透明だとすぐに飽きちゃいますが、やっぱり濁り湯はいいですね。最高にリラックスできます。
    まだ全て試した訳ではありませんが、2か所の温泉タイプは、やや薄めを感じているところです。
    匂いのきつい香料が入った入浴剤が苦手なのですが、この入浴剤は、どの香りもきつすぎず程好い加減でリラックス、入れると確かに体が温まるのも実感、ゆったり肌当
たりのやわらかいお湯になり気持ち良かったです。他のシリーズも購入してみたいと思っています。
    温泉地ごとになってますが、入浴剤です。温泉感は感じられませんでした
    早くに届いた。値段も安かったし。次は色々セットにしてほしい
    高齢独居の母に頼まれて購入。別の商品と日替わりで楽しんでいるそうです。
    色合いは好きですが、温泉感はあまり感じかられません。普通の入浴剤でした。
    白濁です。ハッカ油を数滴垂らすと、今の時期でも快適にお風呂に入れて爽快です。
    1個の値段で表示されていますが右欄に3個一度に買うとこの値段と1個の三倍の値段より割安な価格が表示されていましたのでそこをクリックしレジへと購入しました
が送られてきたのは1個。割安だと思った価格は1個の値段でただ3個買うと割安だと思った価格×3個から値引きしますよってことでした。
    匂いはホテル大浴場脱衣場のオッさんヘアトニックみたいでなかなか旅行気分？翌日、浴槽がヌルヌルになるのでもう買いませんよ。
    入れる前は疲れもあまりとれず冷めやすかったのですがこの入浴剤を入れてからは温かく、ゆっくりくつろげます。色も綺麗で肌が潤います。お値段も安いので親戚に勧
めるために再注文しました。一度に複数注文できればありがたいです。
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.
 普通の入浴剤だと思います。悪いところは全くないです。商品も早々に届き、普通に満足しています。
    バレンタインに毎年入浴剤を下さる方にお返しとして購入しました。肌が弱く入浴剤類は一切使えませんが、色々なバリエーションが入っていてズッシリ使い甲斐があり
そうな商品です。
    バリエーションがもっとあっていいと思う。有名な温泉の名前に気にしないで自分ちのお風呂でいろんな香りや色があると毎日選んではいるのが楽しくなるよ増やして
    4種類の匂いが入っており、その日の気分で選んでお風呂に入れてます。なにかの効果があるというよりかは匂いを楽しむために使ってます。
    自分へのご褒美として。最高や！
    お風呂位ゆっくり入りたいので買いました。
    が、プラシーボ効果なんだろうなと。
    色々なお湯が楽しめて良かったです。
    最も良いところは、お湯が「にごり湯」になるところ
    色はきれいです。薫りがちょっと強いかなと思いました。広いお風呂ならばいいのかなぁ
    ComfortableNice quality
    色んな香りがあってよかったです。また注文します。
    寒い冬にこれを使うと、プチ温泉感が楽しめます。効能はよくわからないけれど、色もバリエーションがあり、満足感は高いと思います。
    複数の種類があってどれも違う色に染まるので飽きないです！香りもすごくいいです！
    色も匂いも良かったです。
    旅行も行きづらい今だから、気分だけでも
    色々な種類が入っていて、使うときに選ぶのが楽しかったです。色がどぎついものがあるので、もう少し自然な色ならもっと良かったです。
    香りが良く、内容量も充分なので満足しています。
    毎日使いますまた、買います
    　普段忙しい毎日を送っていて、ホッとくつろげる時は入浴の時だけという人も多いはずです。　この薬泉めぐりは、各地方の4種類の名湯の雰囲気が手軽に家庭で味わ
えて、入浴している時に楽しくホッとしたひと時を過ごせます。お風呂好きな両親のために買いましたがとても喜んでいました。　
    お気に入りです。香りが良くリラックスできます
    好用！特價時購入！超划算！
    お風呂に浸かる時少しでも安らぐ為に買いました。色々な種類があるので楽しめました。暖まりますし肌スベスベ。
    商品に問題はないが、箱がつぶれて中身がぶっちゃかった状態で届いたので。
    値段が高い。各地のお湯が楽しめるのが良いところ。
    開封済みの中古が送られてきました。返品を受け入れるのは結構ですが、それを別の人に売りつけるのはやめてください。店舗だったら見切り品として特売か、新古品と
して売りますよ。
    匂い等はよくある香りだと思います。色は乳白色ですが、乳白色でも色分けがあって綺麗です。
    かなり温まる！逆に温まり過ぎて汗かく
    いい湯加減でした。各地の名湯を楽しめました。透明とにごり湯がありバラエティに富む泉質に満足‼︎
    全国の名湯が気分だけですが、楽しめます。18包も入っていて大変お得だった！
    very good~
    香りもバラエティーに富んでいて、入浴時間が楽しみになりました。リラックス出来ます。
    全国各地の名湯をお家で、湯めぐりを楽しめました。18包も入っていて割安価格でした。
    特に変わったものではありません。いつも通りのいつものものです。安く購入できて助かります。
    にごり湯が好きなのですが　こちらの商品が気に入ってます
    潤いがあっていい。ただ赤い入浴剤がなければもっと良い。
    いろんな入浴剤を使ったけど、これは唯一の刺激のにおいがない温泉の素です。(袋からお湯に出す瞬間)
    子どもと一緒に入っていますが、肌荒れも無く、身体もポカポカ、温泉に行った気分を味わえます。
    数種類の香りが楽しめていいです！今年はコロナでなかなか温泉へも行けないので、温泉に行った気分だけでも楽しめます。
    たくさん入ってお安く買えたのでよかったです。どれも良い香りで癒されます。
    何方の入浴剤にするのか❓毎日お風呂入るのが楽しみになりました。
    濁り湯が大好きで探してました。とっても癒されて毎日のお風呂がたのしみです！家族もお気に入りのようです。色も香りも満足です。
    いつもドラッグストアで購入していた商品が、お安く手に入り良かったです。
    にごり湯にこだわり購入しました。毎日、温泉気分を楽しんでいます。
    良い。が、特別良い訳でもなく、普通。でもそこが良い。値段も安いですし。
    ピンクや青の色はちょっと温泉とは違うような気がしました。普通の入浴剤として楽しめば良いですね。
    There is nothing to dislike in this product.
    期待どうりで、良かった！
    お手軽。気分で種類を選べるのは嬉しい。
    商品届きダンボールを開封したら商品が開封されたまま入っていた、
    幼少期からある入浴剤。疲れがとれて身体もあたたまるし、まあ買って損はしない。
    粉末状の入浴剤で、良い香りがします。色も好きです。
    大好きな入浴剤です毎日のお風呂が楽しみになりました
    気持ちすごくいい❤️
    使用した感想として、不可は無し。価格も含め、いたって普通です。
    Good
    大変お安く保湿効果抜群です。
    何年も露天湯めぐりは、使用していますが全部にごり湯なのでお気に入りです。近くでも買えるのですがアマゾンが安かった。
    これで温泉気分になれると考えたらいい商品だと思います。
    フツーの風呂が温泉みたいになって大変満足しています。また買いたいです。
    白濁したお湯。温泉に行った気分です。癒されます～！！温まるし、肌もツルツルした感じです。
    疲労回復に効果があります。入浴剤を入れてよかったと感じられる素晴らしい商品です。
    この値段で色んな所の温泉気分が感じられるならお得だと思います。到着も早かったしよかったです
    いつもはシャワーですがそろそろつかる季節になってきました。いろいろな香りがあるので使うのが楽しみです。
    安心して使用できます。毎日何れにしようか楽しみながら選んでいます。
    値段の割にお湯のがトロッとなり、気持ちいいです。
    休息が必要なわが身に温泉の感じがありました。真似が、それでもお勧めします。
    たくさん入ってるのに値段も安い！結婚式の二次会景品として利用しました！
    いつものお風呂がもっつと楽しくなりました！色も可愛い、そして香りがよくて気持ちいです。
    いつもは旅の宿を購入していますが、今回安かったので試に購入してみました。薬草っぽい匂いがいかにもって感じで好きでした。効果はわかりませんが、本物っぽい感
じがストレスを緩和してくれます。今後の購入はちょっとわかりませんが、気がむけばまた購入するかもしれません。なんせ通常価格がお高いので。
    特に脳梗塞の主人には、刺激を和らげ暖まりますので、無くてはならない物になっています。秘湯めぐりと比較して、少し香りが強いように思います。
    しゅるいが入っていてお得感がありまし。特に冬場は重宝しました。
    気分を変えて毎日変えられます。すべて試しましたが、クセが強い香りのものはないので、失敗することはないかと思います。
    香りが強く、風呂上がりも楽しめます。季節を選ばず一年を通して使えます。
    匂いと色がいつものバブです。成分が薬泉なのでしょうか？全く温泉気分にはなれません
    カラフルでたくさん種類があるので気分に分けて楽しめます。ただ若干香りの強い種類があるのでそこは好みが分かれそう。僕はリピートしてます。
    秘湯めぐりと一緒に購入したが、まだ薬泉は使ってないが、秘湯めぐりと同じであろうと思う。
    いろいろ試し個人的ではありますが露天めぐり、薬泉めぐりが気に入りました。濁りに加えてお湯にぬめり気が出ますので温泉気分を味わえます。
    とても良い香りで強すぎず湯の色も綺麗、パッケージのイラストもとても素敵。昨日初めて使ってみて旦那さんと、二人でとっても良いお風呂で、満足でした、買って良
かったと思います
    値段からしたらとても良い物と捉えてます。他の入浴剤と比べても、実際に使ってみてとても、満足できる商品だとお勧めできます。ウチの定番です＾＾ｂ
    中国製の日本温泉ってどういう事ですか笑笑
    　当方、2003年から上海在住です。ちょくちょく、中国国内で出張をします。なかなか、中国では湯船がないホテルが多いのですが、いつも旅行用の化粧ポーチに何
種類か温泉の素を入れておきます。異国で、日本の温泉の素は癒されます。　以前、サッカーの中田英寿が、イタリアなど海外に旅行するときは必ず温泉の素やハーブ、お香など
を持参していると本で紹介（  nakata.net 06-08 the journey    ）していて、買うようになりました。特にヨーロッパはホテルの部屋が独
特のニオイがあるケースがあるようです。　海外では、温泉の素は手に入れるのが難しかったり、高いので外国で生活している人へのお土産にも好評だと思います。
    色も匂いもいい、体もすごく温まるし肌にもいいあとパッケージもいいw最高です。
    濁り湯がいい感じで素敵！温泉めぐりでなく「薬泉」めぐりでちょっと効能ありそう？楽しく気軽でお勧めです。
    だから安いんですよ、皆さん。なので買うのやめました。入浴剤も中国産が多いんです、よく見て買いましょう。
    透明で鮮やかな原色系のお湯です。にごりません。あと中国製。肌に触れるもので中国製は怖い。
    入浴剤ヲタクです。旅の宿シリーズ、日本の名湯、バブ、バスロマン、バスクリン等様々試してきました。日本の名湯がかなりお気に入りでしたが旅の宿シリーズが1番
暖ま色や使用感も1番と思っていた時にAmazonでこちらを購入。まず、ヌルヌルして入る時に浴槽底が滑りやすいので注意が必要。御年寄のいる方など特にご注意を。それ
と香りがあまり無く色が人工的です。お湯の当たりはやわらかくなり、いいですが次は買いませんね。日本の名湯は温泉マイスターみたいな方が作られていて高級感がありますし
、旅の宿シリーズはとにかく暖まるので長風呂すると手でも体の垢擦りできるレベルです。長年のロングセラーなだけの良さがあります。非常に期待していたので残念です。個人
の好き好きもあるかと思いますが、オススメしません。アース製薬の開発の方、1度実際に他メーカーの入浴剤と比べて入浴してみて下さい。パッケージも可愛いので是非再開発
して頂きたいです。アース製薬さん、頑張って下さい!!
    「旅の宿」が一袋２５ｇで「露天湯めぐり」が３０ｇということもあってか、こちらのほうが濃く感じました。「バブ」は泡がすごく長く出ていいのですが、溶けきるこ
ろにはでたくなるので、すぐに溶けてくれる「露天湯めぐり」は好きです。どことは書きませんが銭湯のお湯と変わらないような感じのする温泉とくらべても、温泉気分を感じる
ことができました。
    なかなか休みを取って温泉に行くこともできないのでコレ！有名温泉に行った気分になるにはちょうど良いですね。値段も安価で助かります。体感的にも精神的にも癒さ
れます。さて、今夜は何処の温泉に行こうかなと。
    日本の温泉のようにうたってますが、中身は中国製です。知っていれば買いませんでした。
    フェミニーナ軟膏やビタミンB等に加えて入浴、6日間の使用で2人の皮膚炎が緩和されました。更に8日目9日目10日目に1人づつ計3人の皮膚疾患が緩和されたと
報告を受けました。使用者5人中5人が効果あると判断しています。薬用入浴剤をこれからも続けたいと思います。
    種類が異なる入浴剤の詰め合わせなので、その日の気分で使えて◎。ヌルッとした白濁湯で香りも悪くないものが多くて好みにあいました。湯上りの暖かさの持続感も悪
くないので、この時期にはリピートしたいです。
    全国各地（とは言っても全国すべてのものが入っているわけではありません）の温泉気分が味わえて購入してよかったと思います。購入後、お風呂に入るのが益々楽しみ
になりました。また、リピしたいと思っています。
    ４種類の色と香りが楽しめます。色は完全に濁るタイプで、香りは控えめです。価格が2000円に満たない時に、ついでにカートに放り込むと良いです。
    18個入で540円程度、1個30円となかなかのコストパフォーマンス。少しぬめりが感じられ、温泉気分が味わえる。ただし、気を付けないと足が滑る可能性あり。
リピートすると思う。9/25　リピートした。
今冬の旅行に、十勝川温泉を予定してますので、検索で出て来た入浴剤を購入です！北海道、モール泉、道東、帯広空港など初めて訪問するところが多く、リフレッシュできます
    その他併せて購入しましたが（濁り湯ばかりと誤解して～）各種袋の殆んどが色付きの物。　正直がっかりしました。　個人的には”毒毒しい色”は好きではありません
ので【濁り湯】ばかりの素を探します。
    家電量販店でたまたま安売りしていたのを買って使用したところ、本当に温まる！お風呂上りのポカポカがとても持続したので、冷え性の私はすぐにリピートです。「薬
泉めぐり」「露天湯めぐり」「秘湯めぐり」「温泉郷めぐり」の４つを一度に購入しました。どれもハズレなく、すごく良いですよ！香りも良く色も可愛い。（ピンクがお気に入
り）にごり湯は足元が見えないので、幼児と一緒に入ると少し気になりますが、その娘も大喜びで毎晩１つ選ぶのを楽しみにしています。
    友人にオススメされて購入。個装の物にしては、お値段が優し目で助かりました。
    有名メーカーでしたので安心して購入してしまいましたが、まさかのメイドインChina…。入浴剤は国産しか使わないようににしているのでガッカリでした。全部破
棄します。
    毎回同じだと飽きるので、違う種類が入っているセットでよいです。でも、ここのは香りがあまり強くないです。私はバスロマンなど香りが強いものをよく使うからかも
しれません。お湯の色が変わるのは気に入ってます。
    いろんなタイプがあり、それぞれに楽しめます。バーチャルで現地にいった気持になります。入浴が楽しみです。
    透明の入浴剤よりも濁り湯の物の方が温泉っぽくて好きなので、濁り湯だけのセットを探していて、こちらの商品を見つけました。濁り湯は若干ヌルヌルしていて、プチ
温泉気分を味わえます。ただ、ニオイが結構強く、気に入ったニオイでない物は若干鼻に付きます。桜の匂いのものは香りもよく良いのですが。
    普通の入浴剤よりもにごり湯のほうが好きです。
    濁り湯です。香り良し癒されます身体もしっかり温まります
    価格も安いので久々に買ってみたのですか、なかなか良いです。入浴剤を入れた方が疲れが取れる気がするのですか、気のせいか？香りも安っぽい感じはしないので、コ
スパは良いかと。これを期に他入浴剤も試そうかという気になりました。
    やっぱり入浴剤は濁りが気持ちいい。
    普段ば専らバブを使用していますが、評価が高かいこちらも気になり、お試しで購入。バブには無い擬似温泉感を楽しめる反面、サッパリ感は乏しいデスね。
    とても良い!
    なかなか温泉に行かなくてもこれを使うだけで行った気分になれます。一包をお風呂に入れるだけで、すごく浴槽が雰囲気漂い香りもすごく良いです。本物の温泉の濁り
湯に入っている気分になれます。価格は少し高い気もします。入浴後の肌の滑らかさもすごく変わり、保温効果もあります。
    最高でした。
    良い香り 特に問題ないコスパは高い
    バスクリン、バスロマンを使ってきましたが何カ月も同じだと飽きるのでこの手を買ってみました。その日の気分でどれを入れるか決めてます。
    アース製薬 薬泉めぐり 入浴剤 18包入温泉が好きな、父と母に買いました。喜んでくれました。ありがとうございました。
    温泉郷めぐりと一緒に購入。問題なく使用しています。効能が効くかはどうかは感じないのでわかりませんが効くといいなと思って入ってます。
    温室効果バツグン  ポカポカになります  濁り湯のお陰で リラックス効果も高いですね
    Good
    Good price
    色んな気分が味わえるのは尚良しです！もっと種類と数が多く入ってるのがあると嬉しいかな。
    香りがいいです。温まるし種類もたくさんあって選ぶのも楽しい。価格も安い！
    色々入っていて安かったので購入させてもらいました。買って損はないと思います
    この値段で気軽に温泉気分を味あえるのは良いと思います！価格が価格なので多くは望めません！
    毎日、温泉に行った気分で濁り湯を楽しんでいます。
    いろんな種類の入浴剤が入ってるから何にしようかを決めるのも楽しいし気分転換にもってこいですね！
    湯上りにお肌すべすべで、気に入っています。何より安価な所がうれしいです。ありがとうございます。
    香りもよく4種類も入ってて良いです。なくなったらリピ決定です。
    たくさん入っててお得です！肌がもっちりするような気がします。
    類似品より濃厚です。値段も安く、温泉感あります。
    4種類も入ってて嬉しいけど匂いが凄く強いので苦手でした。
    初めての購入です使用後再度購入したい時は良い物だと思います。
    途中このシリーズの温泉郷・薬草を試しましたがこれが一番！！ぬるぬるした感じがいいです。
    行った事の無い温泉があるけど、、似てるのか？判らないけど、、、気分で満足してます。体がポカポカして、いい気分です
    いつもスーパーで買っていましたが、なかなかいけずこちらで購入しました。値段もそんなに変わらず、満足です。
    季節に関係なく愛用しております。アマゾンでの購入は初めてですが、自宅近くのドラッグストアより安くて得しました。
    ほぼ毎日温泉気分で使っています。桜湯の匂いがきついのが気に名なります。
    体が温まるし、のほほんと湯船につかれるし、癒されます。オススメ。
    他社製品に比べ安かったので購入、初盆の香典返しに使いました。
    身体がよく温まり、夜はグッスリ眠れます。ありがとうございます。
    いろんな入浴剤があり楽しみです。とても温まり良い商品。購入した良かったです。
    家電量販店でたまたま安売りしていたのを買って使用したところ、本当に温まる！お風呂上りのポカポカがとても持続したので、冷え性の私はすぐにリピートです。「薬
泉めぐり」「露天湯めぐり」「秘湯めぐり」「温泉郷めぐり」の４つを一度に購入しました。どれもハズレなく、すごく良いですよ！香りも良く色も可愛い。（ピンクがお気に入
り）にごり湯は足元が見えないので、幼児と一緒に入ると少し気になりますが、その娘も大喜びで毎晩１つ選ぶのを楽しみにしています。
    自分は冬場は毎年、手の赤切れに悩まされていますが、これを風呂に入れるだけで大分楽になります。このシリーズの透明色は効果がありませんが、乳白色は赤切れに効
果有りです。（あくまでも、自分の場合ですが）　自分は比較的に物価の安い地方都市に住んでいるのでAmazonよりは少し安く近くのホームセンターで買えますが、Ama
zonの値段もそんなに高くはないと思います。（一度Amazonで購入しました）
    濁り湯の、好きな方はお勧めです。効能、効果期待できます。お風呂で温泉気分。リラックスしたい方にはいいと思います。
    最近忙しくて温泉にも入れないので、家庭で少しでもリラックスしようと購入しました。価格的魅力的で、見た目も温泉気分が味わえ、毎日使用出来ます。ただ今日に於
いて香りがするモノが少なく、入浴剤でここまで香りがすると、ちょっときついかと個人的に感じます。香りは１／５くらい、濁り加減は１／３で良いのでは無いかと思います。
ご使用に当たっては、適量を湯船に入れる事をお薦め致します。
    露天風呂じゃないんですが、なんとなく気分は露天風呂です（笑）。
    　効能の違いが判りずらいですね。個人差がかなり有ると思います。
    震災の影響でネットスーパーが閉まってしまいドラッグストアーに買いに行くのめんどうだったのでこちらで購入普通ですが、ないより全然まし
４種類入っていて、各地の温泉気分が味わえます。ただ、乳桜色の湯だけ３包しか入っていないのはなぜ？？一番いい香りなので、乳桜色の湯だけのパックが欲しいくらいです。
    色がすごく人工的でちょっとビビる。匂いは割と好き。ワシは今入浴剤入れて風呂に入ってるぞ〜〜〜気持ちええ〜〜！！！って気分に浸りたい時にオススメ。
    細粒なので、サッと溶けて、温泉気分を味わってます。身体も温まるし・・・！
    この商品を腰を痛めた彼女にプレゼントしました。心の通ったプレゼントで大変喜んでくれました。
    初めての購入です使用後再度購入したい時は良い物だと思います。
    濁った感じの入浴剤で、体があったたまるような気がします。　匂いも温泉の匂いで目をつぶれば焼岳が・・・""(*'∀`)♪
    製品紹介欄になにも書いてなかったのとアース製薬なので信用して買いましたが、中国製なら商品欄に記載すべきです。中国製ならば輸入という形になるかと思いますが
、製造国の未記載は、アマゾンは電子商取引の中での販売なので、特定商取引法などには引っかからないのでしょうか？
    2000円以上で送料無料時、ついでに購入しています。温泉のもとが4種類ほど入っており、どれもリラックスできますが、量販店で販売されている一般品と同等なの
で、取り立てて割安感はありません。(高くもない)使おうと思えばすぐに使い切っちゃいますし、割高といえる価格帯でもないので、購入する頻度は多いです。
    他社製品に比べ安価だったので購入。日本の温泉のネーミングだったので中国製とは思いませんでした。明記してほしいです。
    入れたての残留塩素がある湯を調和して柔らかくしてくれます。熱さの感じも優しくなるので、いつもより長めに入れてぽかぽかします。にごり湯の濃さも調度良い感じ
。他の商品だとちょっと薄いなって思うときが多いです。他の入浴剤を試してみても、ここまでの効果を体感できるものは少ないので、いろいろ試してみるものの、やっぱりこち
らの商品に戻ってきてしまいます。
普段から入浴剤を使っていて、ストックが切れたので購入しました。とても気持ちいいです。粉タイプですがザラザラしないし、肌がつるっとします。またリピートします。
    新しく沸かした風呂に入れると 本当の温泉そのままです。但し翌日に沸かし直すと ただの汚れ風呂に 試しにもう一袋入れてみたら
新しい湯に入れたときと少し違うかも、本品は新しく沸かした湯のみ 温泉になることがわかりました。
    どれも花と薬草を足したようないい香りがします。青の田沢の湯が一番好きで、金太郎のゆかりの地、子宝の湯と書かれているので、和風の絵本の登場人物気分になりな
がら入ってました（恥）。紫の十勝川の湯のおしろいのような香りも好きです。
    ４種類とも濁り湯です。今日はどれにしようかなと選ぶ楽しさがあってお風呂に入るのが楽しくなります。どの種類も良いのですが、中でも一番好きな乳桜色が３包と他
よりも少ないのが残念ですが。
    というか…かなり癒される商品です!お手頃なので皆さんもぜひお試し下さいませ!
    いつもこちらの商品愛用してます。
    I brought a couple of boxes of these back from Japan and when I ran out, I
was very pleased to see you can get them through Amazon! If you haven't used
these before, each sachet type is aligned with a different Japanese onsen
(natural hotspring), and by adding it to your bath, it's supposed to make your
water have the same mineral content, and thus the same healing/relaxing
properties. Each sachet type has a different scent.These are well worth getting
if you want to try to recreate an onsen experience at home, or if you just want
to bring a little bit of Japan to your bath time.Bonus: If you're interested in
what the writing on the box says, download the Google translate app which has a
photo mode. The app will translate any text in a photo.
    This item arrived earlier than the projected delivery date for me, I live in
the UK. Absolutely lovely product. The box looks very cute on my shelf and the
individual packets are very novel, easy to open. The scents are not overwhelming
but they are strong enough to make the whole bathroom smell wonderful. Each salt
changes the colour of the bath water and does not feel as
strong/abrasive/chemical-ish as other bath salts I've tried from local drug
stores (Boots, TK Maxx and Superdrug, again, I'm in the UK) I would recommend
this box as you get an assortment of "flavours" at a decent price. There is a
very good amount of salt in each packet and it's nice having four types to
choose from. Love it! :)
    Love this box of hot spring bath salt from Japan! First of all the seller
packed it so nicely, the box was fully protected so wasn’t damaged via transit
👍🏻 I have to say this is one cute seller! I have never received my purchase in
such beautiful packaging before!This box comes with 4 kinds of bath salt, love
the smell of it all! Really helped with relaxation and get rid of tiredness on
my back!I love Japan! Can’t really visit now due to the pandemic! 😭 at least I
feel like I have brought some hot spring home ❤️
    These were surprisingly good , just bought on a whim as i wanted some more
bathing products but i have enjoyed using them. There is no English on any of
the packaging so i don't now exactly what scents they are , but each one I've
used has been great so far. Not particularity strong but gives the water
/bathroom a subtle aroma. They also changed the waters colour too which is also
a bonus.  I love the packaging too and for the amount you get,  a really good
price i'd say
    Love these! Used to use a similar product whilst living in Japan so bathing
in these salts took me right back there. During these times where we can't
travel it's nice to "transport yourself" to other places. The packaging is
lovely.Recommend!
    These have a very pleasant smell, its not overly powerful but it has a nice
hint.You only need one sachet to fill the tub, i thought it would just change
the colour of the water but it has a cloudy look, as in you dont see your body
parts once youre in..I dont like using bathbombs or bubbles so this was really
refreshing. For a decent amount of sachets you get equals to 2-3 lush bath
bombs!
    Arrived a week late for a total of six weeks delivery, but it is shipped out
of japan.Arrived in perfect condition and they all smell great ! They make your
water scented and milky perf after a hard day of whatever it is you do
    Good stuff
    Packaging arrived slightly battered but otherwise good.Bought as a Xmas
present so no knowledge of contents .
    So far so good. I have tried the blue one so far and I really enjoyed my
bath. Smells a bit like a radox bath is the closest I can explain the smell.
Wish I could read Japanese so I could find out what the packaging says. Have
tried some translation apps with hilarious results!! Lovely product!
    I like the quality and the packaging. Love those tiny package of joy !
    The minerals do not dry out my skin and the fragrance is not too
overwhelming.  Great for relaxing after a hard days work
    These are absolutely lovely. Smell really gorgeous and are in nice little
sachets perfect for one bath or great for travel. I love them and am going to
order more. Highly recommend.
    Love these little bath salts. Super relaxing. Pigmented colours and soothing
scents. Packaging would also make them a lovely gift.
    The big amazon box was fine but the product itself arrived bashed up with
torn corners that have been sellotaped shut and large tears on the bottom. As a
Christmas gift this is ungiftable
    Beautiful and relaxing bit expensive
    Good product with speedy delivery.
    Exactly  what I wanted and for such a great price!
    Very good quality
    Bought as a gift for my sister and she loves them! They are a nice change
from a lush bath bomb, and the scent is much more appealing. They come in a
beautiful box with illustrations like something out of a anime film! worth the
money!
    Brightly coloured, but dissolve easily and smell lovely.
    Soothing
    I liked them, tested a couple so far, and liked so far.
    Love these wonderful bath powders, they smell amazing and feel like a real
treat.
    Great. Felt very comfortable after using. And the smell of each kind is
great. I love them!
    Natürlich ist der Preis etwas hoch angesetzt aufgrund des Imports.Es gibt 4
verschiedene Sorten, davon waren 2 sehr blumig und die anderen 2 mehr
medizinisch.Die Bluminge Variante war sehr intensiv, sogar zu intensiv für mich.
Das kenne ich nicht so( von japanischen Badesalz Gerüchen) und hat mich demnach
sehr gestört. Die medizinische Variante wer sehr angenehm und erinnerte mich
eher an Kräuter.Im großen und ganzen ein Versuch wert. Aber nochmal werde ich es
nicht kaufen.
    Diese Bäder sind Unglaublich toll. Anders als in Europa sind diese
Bäderkeine Schaumbäder sonderen eher für Entspannung, Haut und Gelenke.Es sind 4
Varianten enthalten aus unterschiedlichen Quellen aus Japan.Von Pienen bis hin
zu Blumigen Düften und Grüntee.Die unterschiedlichen Bäder sind einmal für
Gelenke und Muskelnwiederum für Haut und Entspannung oder gar beides.Die Dürfte
sind alle sehr angenehm und erinnern teilweise wirklich an die Onsenin Japan.Ich
kann sie wirklich nur Empfehlen nach Extrem Stressigen Tagen oderwenn man
Gesundheitlich angeschlagen ist helfen teilweise die Ätherischen Düfteund
natürlich das warme wasser zum Entspannen.Wenn die Packung alle ist werde ich
sicherlich eine neue Nachbestellen :)
    It takes a little longer to receive the product because the product was
shipped directly from Japan. There were four colors: Green, Purple, Red and
Blue. I think different colors were for different uses. Purple may be for
hydration, Red may be for soothing neck and waist pain, Green may be for
relieving your fatigue and Blue may be for warming your body and nerves. The
powder smells really good. The bath color will match the packet's color. I think
it's a nice product and I will order again.
    Although they seem okay. I just think that the other powders made from
actual Japan are what you might be looking for. These still make the skin feel
nice as they have I think, bentoline clay in them. Which absorbs toxins from the
body. They make a great present for those who want something to use while
relaxing in the tub. I enjoyed using them.
    Lieferung wie angekündigt. Tolles Produkt. Dafür dass es aus Japan kommt
relativ schnell da. Ich liebe japanische Produkte, leider ist dieser Badezusatz
in China hergestellt. Habe noch nicht alles ausprobiert, erst den grünen
(Fichtennadeln glaube ich), riecht überhaupt nicht künstlich. Bin bis jetzt
zufrieden.
    Ich habe keine Ahnung, was auf der Verpackung steht und welchen Duft ich
jeweils im Einsatz hatte, doch die Wirkung bzw. das Erlebnis war und ist
toll!Kein Schaum sondern leichte Ein- bzw. Verfärbung des Wassers mit tollen
Düften, wodurch dann mit dem warmen Wasser die Entspannung kommt. Ob es mehr als
nur duften kann, vermag ich nicht beurteilen zu können; mir und meiner
Entspannung plus Haut hat es gut getan.
    The first time I bought this product in Toyo.  I as happy to see it being
offer through Amazon.  The seller responds right away.  Good packing.  The Onsen
salts have a great smell and leave the skin soft.  I will definiteley keep
buying this product in the future.
    Ein Badepulver, das sich schnell und vollständig auflöst.Es gibt vier
verschiedene Farben, die aber nicht (bis auf das grüne Päckchen) mit der Farbe
der Verpackung übereinstimmen müssen. So beinhaltet das Lila-Päckchen ein
knallrotes Badepulver.Ich habe selber für mich festgestellt, dass mir die Hälfte
des Pulver für ein angenehmes Badegefühl reicht.Es bildet sich kein Schaum und
das Wasser wird auch nicht trüb.Ich selber bin gegeistert und würde es immer
wieder kaufen.
    Mir wurde das Badesalz von einem Japanischen Freund empfohlen und gleich zum
Testen gegeben. Es ist einfach fantastisch! Kein Vergleich zu gewöhnlichen
Badesalzen
    I didn't think that such a small amount of product could do so much, but it
really made for a wonderful bath experience.  I feel like I get to enjoy a
little bit of Japan!  Great product!
    I like it
    Purchased this as a gift and I have heard amazing things about this. I would
purchase this product again.
    Ship faster than I expected. And the product is great.
    Very nice!!
    Wer gerne ein Bad nimmt und mal was neues ausprobieren will , dem wird es
gefallen. Schnelle und pünktliche Lieferung aus Japan.
    I love these.
    Great product showed up quick, used google translate to read instructions
etc
    Absolutely love these bath salts,wonderful relaxing scents
    tres bien plaisan et appaissant
    Smells really nice
    very satifactory
    Tolles Produkt
    Produit très agréable pour des bains parfumés et colorés
    I love it. Very relaxing
    Ce produit est made in China et irrite la peau, c'est scandaleux de le
vendre comme "Japanese hot springs bath powders" et ce n'est pas du Japan import
(publicité mensongère)
    worked great smells nice and showed on time
    Bain parfumé et relaxant : très agréable !
    good
    I was really hopeful that this was going to be nice, high quality Japanese
Onsen type experience. What I got smelled, looked and felt like laundry
detergent. I don't know how else to describe it. The scent was very strong and
overpowering, exactly like the scents in some detergent. It made me kind of
itchy, but maybe that was because I couldn't thinking about anything else
besides how I felt like I was sitting in the washing machine! Upon further
inspection of the box, I see "Made in China" right on the box. It's so confusing
because the packaging is all in Japanese, so why then is it made in China? I'm
going to try and return this and purchase what I hope will be a real Japanese
product. I'm really disappointed :(
    These do not smell that good, very chemically. Also, they are NOT JAPANESE,
they're made in China and marketed as Japanese. I got duped by the title and
won't be buying again.Bought this because I thought it would resemble actual
japanese bath tablets, like the ones that are sold in every drug store in Japan.
Not the case.
    Literally raving. I consider myself a bit of a bath junkie and I can
honestly say I'm so impressed. I have used Epsom salt, essential oils, and etc
in my bathes before but NONE have left my skin so soft. It pained me to drag
myself from the tub. I have only used one (pink) and actually didn't like the
smell as much as I'd hoped but it was so light and airy that it barely mattered.
Now that my skin has meshed with it, it smells amazing. I kept one hand
consistently out of the bayh and one in to test if the packet did anything and I
can honestly say (especially considering how pruned up my hand had become) that
I did not expect to see a difference. I was wrong. It's like shaving your legs
and rubbing them together for that first time when they're dry. The water had
turned almost the density and color of milk (cleopatra? Is that you?) and I
couldn't see my leg when it was under water hardly/if at all. For the price of
less than a $1 a packet? Honestly. Why are you even still reading this? BUY IT.
    Gave these out to my coworkers as a way to relieve stress, as we work in a
COV19 testing center. I've tried the red and white printed packet. It smelled
"pink", like it did come from some mysterious pink flowers. It was milky, which
I wanted, but didn't expect. The hotter the water, the better it felt. Nothing
like opening up all your pours, doing a little sweating, and getting all the
blood flowing! Perfect before bed. I can't wait to try the purple packet, which
could be wisteria scented, according to the illustrations. Take a hot, relaxing
bath with these, they're fun and different.
    smelly!looks like it is made by chemicals which means it will only
intoxicate you instead of detoxicate!you can feel it by the smells colors and
feel.real hot spring do not smell, colored and feels like it at all.if it was
all 100% natural they were highlighting it on the box with the ingredients
believe me!so the summery of this product is:Don't buy it! it's a fraud!
    There is so much I can say about this product. I am absolutely in love with
it I NEED to buy more soon. Since I have run out every bath feels boring. They
smell so amazing, my favorite though are the milky ones. They would leave not
just my skin but my whole house smelling great. They left my skin soft and
relaxing easy. I am so glad I bought them. I am a mom of 3 so at the end of the
day I need my relaxing bath and a glass of wine. I am also on a budget so I
can't afford bath bombs, this is just as great though in my opinion.
    there are a few options on amazon for Japanese bath salts/powders, I'd
recommend making sure this is the one you purchase. It is the only option that
has all scents with milky blend, what that means is the other options will have
different scents but of the 20 or so they provide you with maybe 3-5 of which
will have a milky blend. This one smells great and provides all blends with a
milky bath.
    I like these bath salts, but I really love the Tabino Yado springs from
Japan much better These are from China. They are less expensive which is a plus.
I would order then again.
    Excellent Japanese hot springsEats every thing you don't want on you!!Thanks
JapanRemember to take directions from Amazon-what's sent is in Japanese, while
you believe it came from JapAn, you won't remember what to do- supposed to be at
a certain temperature & if you have a blood pressure issue there's information-
brought my blood pressure way down! I read somewhere when sweat begins on y our
face, time to get out or there is a time limit suggested- you could be like me &
just stay in to "get my $ worth-" thankfully I don't have a bp problem, but
again w/o a bp issue-I felt like it had dropped. Also read supposed to wrap self
in blanket to sweat &further detoxify- which sounds inviting after-I just wanted
water-very dehydrating -or I just wasn't hydrated correctly dying of thirst &
wanted to lie down immediately after-make a bed! But you'll feel like a new
person! So squeaky clean!!
    I absolutely love the product. I have a large bath tub (fits 2 people) & was
worried one package wouldnt be enough to fill my tub, but it did. A lovely
cherry blossom milky color came from the one I used.  It smells very nice, fresh
& I think this is a great bath bomb alternative due to the good value.
    Scents are very strong. The green package provides a more forest/plant
scent,  the pink and purple are floral (the purple to a stronger degree), and
the blue provides an ocean type scent.  My package was falling apart on arrival
but all the individual packets were in good condition.  Overall I would say it's
a decent and novel item,  and I might purchase it again.
    I use to use this product when I lived in Japan. The scent is nice and
doesn't irritate my skin like a lot of other products. A little goes a long way.
One packet is enough for large tubs. Maybe 1/2 in a conventional bath tub. This
product is made for the large soaking tub typically found In Japanese homes.
    This is the 3rd time I have purchased this bath powders.  They are the best
in both quality, volume, and price compare to other options.  100% satisfy!
Always enjoy a hot bath with hot spring powder in a cold winter day.
    I've only had the chance to use one of these packets so far.  However, the
smell was very pleasant and reminded me of the fancy onsens in japan.  It
actually elevated my mood from bringing back those find memories.  Feels soft
and silky in the water and left no residue for me. I am a fan for sure.
    The bath powder smelled great and made my skin feel soft and silky in the
water and out. My skin didn't feel as dry as it usually does after I bathed. I
don't know how these bath powders are derived from onsen (hot spring) water in
Japan, but it made me feel as if I were back in Japan at the various onsen
locations stated on the box. I ordered several boxes for my mother's birthday
and she's been so happy, feeling as if she gets to go home each night to enjoy
an onsen at some exotic place in Japan. It's so wonderful to have discovered
this great product.
    These bath salts were bought on a whim, but after looking at the reviews I
decided to get it. They are very nice! They make the water milky and sooting. I
have extremely sensitive skin and they didn't bother me. They smell very lovely
in almost a delicate sort of way. Over all great product.
    Love this products. Smells amazing and the skin after it is very soft. I
bought all the products from this series.
    I sometimes use bath bombs, but these are so much better! They give the
water such a beautiful color and aroma. They also are very moisturizing. I will
continue to use and purchase.
    A good product I don't really care about how the box came in this condition
but for future reference other customers may not want their boxes scrunched up
and crushed like I said to me doesn't really matter as long as all of the actual
packages Inside the Box are intact which they are
    Bought this on impulse after reading some reviews. I take my own bath time
EXTREMELY seriously, and I am so happy that I got this. It comes with a few
varieties, and some do not have my favorite scents but they are mild and
generally all pleasant. They also change the color of your bath water to some
very beautiful colors, but don't worry, it won't stain your tub. If you're
considering, stop and just get it.
    If you like using bath products like bath bombs or Epsom salt I'd strongly
suggest trying out these bath packets. They leave your skin smooth and offer the
same type of relief you would expect from a muscle ache soak. My husband hates
baths, but he will take one if I draw one up with one of the packets in there.
    These are the best bath salts. Each scent smells so good. Some of them turn
the water a pretty milky color and makes the water feel so luxurious and spa
like and feels so relaxing. My skin always feels so soft after I use them and
smells so good too. They make great gifts also.
    I love these bath salt and it works for my sore muscles.
    I love this Japanese  hot spring bath salt!  smell wonderful :)
    Made in china
    Love these powders. A few smell similar to cleaning products, but they are
all very fresh and clean smelling. I have fairly sensitive skin and have not had
any reactions to these powders.  They each turn the water a beautiful color as
well.
    I bought for my husband several varieties of Japanese bath powders and he
loves them. He likes the exotic smells, the feeling on the skin and the variety.
A day that starts with these is always a good day!
    My favorite!
    Very good
    Overall it’s a nice experience. Makes the water feel creamy and look pretty,
very relaxing. Only downside is the scent is very very strong. Maybe would pass
if I had sensitive skin.
    Honestly, great smell and soothing bath salt additive.
    The scent is barely there
    Varied scents and colors.  Made in China and have nothing to do with hot
springs that I can tell
    Wonderful for the bath! The different scents are all so good!
    I have been a loyal user for this bath powder. Super relaxing. Would
recommend it!
    A quality product.
    I bought this for my moms birthday because we grew up on bath powders like
this. The box came in brand new and very good quality. I highly recommend for a
mothers day gift, spa gift, birthday etc.
    smell great. makes for a very relaxing bath.
    I like it
    Like the smell and works great put me to sleep in the bath but where was the
box it came in a see through plastic bag bad presentation
    I adore these bath powders and would use them everyday. The way they color
the water was surprising at first because it's pretty concentrated, and the
scents are lovely. You won't regret this purchase!
    Leaves skin so soft and the scent is amazing!
    Small niceFeel softVery relaxing
    These are awesome! There are four different kinds and they're all nice!
    I cannot say enough -- aromatherapy and relaxation at best!  I have
sensitive skin and had no issues -- This is now my go-to treat for myself!
    Like it.
    I used this every weekend to relax, good if you enjoy onsen.
    Smells good for all 4. I personally like the green bags. Will buy it again
sometimes.
    Love this product!!
    Both me and my wife got allergy right after using it. We both got bumps all
over our legs and they are very itchy
    Wife loves these. Ordered these two times now. You will not be disappointed.
    The box came in kind of roughed up, but overall survived! Came super early,
and the artwork is amazing!!
    My daughter loves these.
    My skin was really dry and gross feeling. I've used this product every time
I take a bath since receiving this and my skin feels smoother and healthier.
Would definitely recommend.
    Fantastik product!!!! The Japanese are the masters of the art of bath!
    smile so good. loved them all.
    Awesome product. Makes my bath water feel so relaxing.
    I love this product
    As desired! Smells great, v good for skin.
    I like it alot
    I received as a gift for Christmas and nearly cried from happiness. The box
is so lovely I stare at it all the time. Inside the packets are unique and
colorful. They do color the water, but never the tub or myself. After I soak I
seriously can smell myself for at least 12-16 hours afterwards. I constantly get
asked what perfume or lotion I'm wearing or what shampoo I use because I smell
so wonderful. The red is packet has the longest lasting scent out of all. I can
go all day and then sleep and wake up still smells great. Definitely will be
buying again and again.
    GOOD PRODUCT.
    but I wish it was cheaper
    Just like the product I was sent fro Japan
    smalls great!! good relaxation afterwork..
    An excellent bath powder. Very fragrant.
    Strong, soothing scents for relaxation, what a great product!!
    Just get it. I like it
    it was late about two day but i do not care about it .but it was fell very
comfortable
    smells so nice! love it
    Great assortment smell amazing!
    This was a big impulse buy for me, and I do not regret this one bit. I have
chronic neck and shoulder pain and adding a packet and a half ( I have a big
bathtub) has always made me feel greatly relaxed and helped soothe the pain. I
have tried two of the types so far and am very ompressed with this.The best way
to use these it to add the packet slowly while the water is running, at first
the color may seem strong but the water will dilute it and it will not stain
your bathtub. This has always made me feel great and soft after a bath and will
defiantly be buying this again.
    It has become for me a basic staple. Is like having the thermal spa at home.
    Third time we have purchased these. All of the scents are awesome.
    These packets smell wonderful and leaves your skin soft.
    Good but not all of them are the milky bath salts. I should have read it
more.
    Amazing scent, and wonderful quality. Feels exactly as if I were at a
traditional Onsen in Japan! Also makes your skin very soft and has a variety
    good after a stressful day
    Great product, no complaint about the delivery too.
    I like the smell. My skin is not dry after use it.
    Totemo ureshii desu. I'm always happy ordering this. Just like taking hot
spring bath in Japan. Makes me homesick
    I get this for my mom and boy she loves them.... She gonna keep buying them
    Love this stuff! Would buy again!
    Excellent! I like the smell and colors.
    These are wonderful!  They do not leave color or residue in your tub.  Fast
shipping too!
    Love these bath salts. Regardless of the pedantic ramblings of previous
reviewers regarding their actual country of origin. Only reason for 4 instead of
5 stars is that the green and blue salts kinda smell like mens shaving cream or
aftershave, but it doesnt bother me too much. Definitely great for mousturizing.
    Great purchase!! Scents are delightful and relaxing. Definitely will buy
again!!
    This was recommended by my Doctor, who is a medical Dr and practices natural
healing. My 90 year old Mother uses them for her shoulders (arthritis) and it
also makes her skin so silky she does not have to use any lotion for days.
    Great bath salts. I wish the packaging was in English so I would know what
is in them. I have no idea what scent they are since nothing is in English. They
smell good though. I think they come in 4 different scents, all I know is that
they dissolve in 4 different colors in the water. Seems relaxing.
    This is great. Even in very hot water it makes me feel cool inside.
    Very fragrant & good quality
    great bath salt , I have been using for years.
    Cool. Different colors and soothing smells
    Will order again
    Love this stuff.
    Packaging was damages upon arrival. All packets in box, but the box was torn
up and open inside of outer packaging. Good product, bad presentation/
    It's made in China therefore it's not Japanese bath powders but Chinese bath
powders.  I use a wide array of Japanese bath powders and not one of them ever
fell to the bottom of the tub and sat there like toxic waste in colors that come
from nightmares.  Very little scent and the warning label on the package
basically says if you have skin don't use this product.  I'm throwing it out.  A
waste of money.Japanese bath powders must come from Japan or they're not
Japanese bath powders.Period.
    I bought this as it says on the product description that it is made is Japan
(I bought some real ones from Japan previously and found this kind of product
really good) but on the packet it says made in China, with Japanese everywhere
on the package.  When I asked the seller they confirmed this is in fact made in
China, so I will not get these again.
    Bought these last year for a friend as she suffers from eczema and these are
great for her. Bought again this year and will probably by each year for her
now.
    Heavenly smells and feeling. Any fans of Spirited Away must try. Our family
adore these.
    Fantastic perfume, relaxing effect, good to have single doses packs so no
need to dose for each bath.
    Good quantity of powder in sachets,  pleasant scents not overwhelming.
Makes bathwater very soft, good for skin.
    Bought as a Christmas present so I can't really rate it as yet!
    Very nice.
    no genuine onsen spa scent, and a long time to post n arrive in uk
    Wonderful...well worth the wait!
    Der Duft ist sehr subtil aber schön und das Hautgefühl ist angenehm.1 Stern
Abzug weil made in china, echten japanischen Badezusatz (made in Japan) bekommt
man meist in Asiatischen Läden in deutlich größer und preiswerter-hier handelt
es sich um kleine einzel Sachets für einen Badegang.
    Ein Onsen in Japan ist etwas geniales - und wenn man gerade nicht dort sein
kann, dann entspannt zumindest ein japanischer Badezusatz.
    I love these and these ones as
well:https://www.amazon.ca/gp/product/B000V2EXKU/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_1My
wife loves them as well. They are neither masculine nor feminine - just
refreshing.
    Some of Bath powders burns our skin, but this one was fine.
    Great product, fast shipping!Do note, product is Made in China though.
    Love love love this product!
    I purchased this product a few days ago, and have tried each of the four
different powders, so I thought I'd write this review.  So, I have been to
Japan, and have bought bath powders from the local stores several times.  While
I have never seen this particular package of powders at Family Mart or 7-Eleven,
this product isn't that different from what I've had while there.  Several folks
are commenting that this is a Chinese product and not Japanese; that isn't
exactly a true statement.  The package says right on it that it is manufactured
in China, but if you go to the company's website, you can clearly see they are a
Japanese company making all sorts of home products, including this one.  While
it might be manufactured in China, it is a Japanese product.So, onto the powders
themselves...  I first started with the purple one.  Honestly I was a little
taken back by how strongly it smelled, and it definitely lingered in my bathroom
for hours after I was done.  Out of the 4 scents, to me, the purple one is
definitely the most potent.  Someone had commented that the scents kind of
reminded them of cheap bath toiletries.  I agree, which is why I knocked off 1
star.  Let's be honest, this product isn't very expensive, and when I purchased
it, I wasn't expecting a real onsen experience (the onsen's I've been to don't
have scented waters at all, just hot water, and a big bucket of salt to scrub
yourself with).That being said, this product met my expectations.  I would
suggest that anyone who buys these powders to get your tub nice and hot, add 1
packet, and then just let it sit for a good 10-15 minutes to allow some of the
strong smell to dissipate.  Then soak a good 30 minutes or so for the full
effects.The powders did leave my skin feeling soft and slightly scented, but not
too strongly scented.Would I buy these again?  Maybe.  Other than the one's I've
tried in Japan, which I can't seem to find any here in the States, I haven't
tried any other bath powders, so I plan on picking up a couple others to see
which ones I prefer most.  So, in short, no immediate plans to buy again, but
I'm not ruling it out either.  Either way, they do make for a nice bath, even if
they smell on the cheap side.
    Oh my lord! I gave these two stars because they weren't completely horrible.
Maybe it's just different to me, but the smell was so funky to me. The green
packets are nice, they have a menthol smell and feel. But the rest of the
packets have a strong chemical smell that is hard to get rid of. Housemates even
commented on the smell because it wouldn't go away for a while. Lingered hours
after the water was drained. It left my skin smelling like strong chemicals too,
and not in a good way. The only usable packets to me were the green ones. The
red (cherry blossom, I think?) Packets were the worst for me. The smell was so
unbearable I had to take a shower about 30 minutes later to try and rid myself
of it. Maybe I just have a sensitive nose? If you are sensitive to smell I don't
recommend.
    I find this pack very confusing, but it's not necessarily a bad thing....
just not expected.  The packets are marked by color (pink, purple, blue, green)
and are each different.  I have only tried two so far -- pink and purple.  The
thing is, the pink packet has blue powder in it (It does pigment the water.),
and the purple has pink powder in it.  It just felt to me like the colors should
match the packet for ease, but it's not a big deal (I'm expecting blue to be
green and green to be purple.  :P).  The scents are scents but not like "rose"
or even "flowers".  Blue (pink pack) smells an awful lot like Tide detergent,
and with the blue color, it was a little like climbing in the washer.  Pink
(purple packet) smells like Irish Spring soap exactly (which should have been
green!  XD)  It is a lot of added novelty and fun.  I'm looking forward to
figuring out what the other two are like.I do really love these though for their
effect.  I use bath salts and soaks as part of a pain management routine, for
joint pain.  This gave the water a viscous quality that was very appealing and
comfortable.  I liked that the pigment was actually visible and gave the water a
milky color that made the texture feel more creamy.  It also seemed to aid in
the pain relief and muscle tension.  That's the important part to me, even if it
pink powder in a purple packet that smells like Irish Spring.EDIT:  I have since
found out that the green packet turns the water a murky greenish brown and
smells very strongly of pine.  I am not a pine girl, so I actually drained that
one.  I can't tell how it felt or worked for me.  It was just really strong.
The blue packet actually has blue pigment, but it isn't the milky blue that you
get in the pink packet.  It's a bright, clear blue that looks exactly like the
toilet water, when you put the blue stuff in it.  It has the softest and most
floral smell of them all, but it is still not identifiable as a certain flower.
It reminds me strongly of a brand name of body soap that is sold in the US, but
I cannot place the name.
    Bought these for my daughter who is obsessed with everything bath
related...I didn't soak in it but when she used it it made the house smell
amazing so for that I thank you. Most of these bath things are fake flowery
smelling and gaggingly overpowering, not this one, it was a soothing fresh
calming lightly flowery (but the good kind of flowery) perfect for an evening
bath scent.
    Have ordering this box many times! Each pack fills the tub with color and a
great smell and moisturizers the skin. The box is really cute it has a nature
hot springs picture with texture detail and the stuff is really relaxing. No
idea the ingredients because there is no writing in English but I don't mind.
    I love these. They make your bath water either blue or green. The smell is
nice for me but its gonna be hit and miss depending on your personal preference.
If you dont like strong floral fragrances then you should pass on these. I have
fairly sensitive skin and this stuff is quite soothing. Not irritation at all.
So i know there isny anything harsh in it or id be red and blotchy.
    These bath powders are the most relaxing, wonderful experience I've ever had
in the bath! I love fun bath products and like to try a little bit of everything
but these shine brighter than the rest! I've reordered 3 times already and will
never be without! Besides the wonderful sensory experience, these give silky
smooth skin, and even smooth hair if you happen to get it wet. I would recommend
these to everybody!
    Got these for my japanese gf. She loves them. The scents are wonderful and
the colors are nice and rich. Would definitely buy again when she runs low.
These are much better than the bath bombs and other bath salt products that
don't seem to do much.
    Like the packaging, smell and price of these bath powders. Reordered these
because they are some of the best. Used for personal use but would make a great
gift.
    Now, I have extremely sensitive skin, so I don't think everyone would have
this reaction, but my skin was itchy the entire day after using these.
    MADE IN CHINA
    This was an impulse purchase that I am very glad I bought. It comes with 18
packets of four different kinds of bath powder. Each one smells amazing and is
supposed to offer something a little different in each bath. To be honest, I
bought it for the pretty box, and its really just a treat to use a packet in a
bath after a long day. It seems like very little product in each packet, but
once you pour it in the water, the aroma and color are very strong. I love using
them!
    They smell so super good and they turn your bath water bright colors. Long
lasting fragrance too.
    Wow!!! The scents are just lovely. They make my skin so increadibly soft.
Definitely for use before bed as they relax me so much. Will be purchasing again
when I run out!!!
    Bringing Japan home. Holds heat, soft to skin, some better than others
    This stuff is really awesome. I love it. Smells good, but not overpowering.
It’s great.
    The product box came in with wrapped tape all over it. Apparently it is a
damaged product even inside pockets are ok... looks terrible...
    Good
    liked that it is from Japan and have an opportunity to try something
different
    These are my favorite love the colors and it makes your skin very soft
    Love these! They smell so nice and they color the bath water which is fun
    I bought something similar in Japan and was pleased to find this. Nice scent
and non staining bath salts.
    I love these bath salts. They look good in the packaging and make a nice
display, but even better they make a plan bath turn into a luxurious experience.
    Bought this for my mother and she loved it. It even helped with her skin
problems. I tried a few - all great but the  purple packet is my favorite. It
has the prettiest pink color when put into the bath tub. Recommend this
especially after a long tiring day to relax.
    My husband LOVES these. Nice and hot bath for him after a hard karate class.
It makes a big difference for him. We always have them in stock here at my home.
    Perfect gift idea
    Like it but not loving it. Feels like soap water.
    It doesn't improve the skin but feels so good and relaxing.
    Magical. I have a nerve condition that flares up very regularly and this
product helps with the inflammation beautifully. I recommend for anyone
suffering chronic muscle aches and mild pains. Keeps the water hot much longer
than normal as well leading to more therapeutic relief.
    very nice bath salts. wife likes them
    Made in China
    I love these bath salts. I love how they come in a variety pack with each
one having a unique color and scent.
    These are so yummy smelling and wonderfully soft on your skin!  Will buy
again when I get low!
    I love taking baths with these. It's very relaxing, smells good, and love
the coloring
    Softened my skin. Smell is great. Color is fun (but not sure if it is good
for skin/health in long term:/ ). If you have not tried it, give it a try, you
lost nothing but having a smooth kin and soothing senses. I'll try other brands
to do comparison.
    Lovely scents and very soothing
    Best money I've ever spent, scents are awesome and make your skin feel
amazing
    These bath salts are wonderful for a relaxing bath. The scents are nice
(though I couldn't identify or read any of them), and they make the water nice
bright colors!
    So relaxing - I will buy over and over
    I really love these bath salts.  They smell awesome and leave my skin
feeling soft.  I really wish I could read the label . LOL
    Luxurious scent and feel on my skin. Lovely.
    Lovely scent. Cool colors. Nice to give the packets as lil gifts in a thank
you card.
    Love it. Strange that it is made in China despite being "Japanese Hot Spring
Bath Powders", though.
    Amazing bath salts~ Love all of the scents........Fabulous..........
    Great assortment, lovely smells
    smell so good
    very very fun to pick one out every night out of 18 choices.
    nice
    a wonderful hot spring experience with no heavy perfume scent, leaving skin
soft
    18 of them are in 1 box and great price!!!
    What a delightful way to sample different scents.
    great to relax in your bath tub with.  All of the bath salts from Japan we
ordered are good and leave skin smooth
    This was absolutely amazing, I loved it. After a rough or tiring day, coming
home and soaking in this would help me relax. It's worth it.
    These not only smell amazing, but my skin feels lovely and I smell wonderful
when I get out of a bath. I only wish they had a label in English since a few
scents are familiar but I can't figure out what they are.
    These packets smell wonderful when opened and even after adding to the bath
water. I have no complaints whatsoever and will be keeping these relaxers on
hand, for as long as I can. Shipping speed was fantastic, everything arrived in
new condition and as described. Sometimes, pampering yourself is necessity and
these are on that list. My skin feels great after a nice soak with a book.
    Like the smell very much!!! I am not sure about the functions they put on
the package (it said that these are "not for reproducing the real spring" in
Japanese), but they smell really good and really good to use.
    love taking baths. this was a great product and I even brought with me on my
business trips! makes it more enjoyable while taking a hot bath after a rather
long day
    Crappy product — the coloring stained my bath toys and wooden brush handles.
Avoid. Fake chemical crap product. Made in China — written right on the box.
Haven’t seen crap like this in Japan, ever. Avoid.
    You get what you pay for. Colored water with very little scent. Would not
buy again.
    I guess scent is a very very subjective thing. For me, this product smells
like a cheap toilet cleanser. It's just about the least calming scent I can
think of. The smell is strong and I'm guessing it would be featured in a theme
motel for actors in a bad newlywed movie. It's also unnaturally pink in color
(each packet has a different scent + color) making the whole thing feel like a
Japanese lollipop fantasy. There are of course gorgeous, thoughtful, subtle and
beautiful products coming out of Japan- this is not that. This is Pachinko in a
box.
    Ok
    BUTT  NOT IN COLD WATER
    not a Japanese bath powder -- it is made in China
    May have been fake...
    1
