    Work a dream on my PS5 controller.Good quality and long lasting, I have
owned a few pairs of Kontrol Freeks throughout the years, simply pop on with
minimal effort and the extra comfort, grip and surface area really helps.
    Purchased these after using the galaxy thumb sticks for a while. Way better
reach and less fatigue! I have a custom aim controller which I found had
slightly longer joysticks than normal ps4. These are perfect.
    Swapped over to the Alphas after using the CQC Freeks. The lower rise for me
feels so much better over the mid rise CQC Freeks. They have definitely improved
my accuracy. Btw I mainly use these to play Battlefield
    My thumb used to slip a lot (specially playing fifa) but now itâ€™s improved
so much, would recommend for sport and shooting games!
    great just what you need to improve your aim on ps4
    After a few months the kontrol Greek turns black in middle gets dirty though
easily also there gripyness runs out after a week
    PROS:+Protect PS4 Thumbsticks+Provide extra grip; better than the default
PS4 Thumbsticks+Comfier/more enjoyable experience for long sessions of
gamingCONS:-They aren't as durable (only last around 9 months before the rubber
becomes unglued)-As a result, price is a little steep than what it could be, but
still solid value compared to having to buy a new controller from the
thumbsticks.I love the Alphas as they aren't much taller than the default PS4
thumbstick and protect the rubber on the actual controller thumbsticks, which
tend to deteriorate after frequent use. They're a little more grippy and add
some colour/flair to your controllers on top of protecting the actual
thumbsticks, which is great!I frequently play games using a controller (mainly
sport games/Rocket League), which means that I am constantly using the
thumbsticks while playing. I set up with the Alpha on the left stick and a
Classic on the right stick as it's what I find the comfiest and perform the best
with.The only negative thing I have to say about the Alphas is, for their price,
they could be a little more durable. Unlike the Classic Freeks, the Alphas have
a very limited lifespan due to their rubber falling off after wear and tear.
I've gone through 3 pairs of the Alphas in 2 years, which is quite a lot
considering I'm still on the original Classic that I've had since 2016 and they
aren't showing any signs of wear (outside of falling off occasionally).Overall,
the Alphas are very good for protecting your thumbsticks without having the
massive height like their other thumbsticks do. I'd recommend them if you aren't
a fan of the PS4 thumbsticks/need a little more grip, but on the note that
you'll likely be ordering them every year because it's hard to play without
them.
    Hello, this is my second time purchasing your GRIP for the PS4 controller
and this time around the grip has separated from the adhesive already in the
first week of receiving them. Iâ€™m a competitive gamer with an active steaming
party of 20-120 viewers at a time and regularly recommend your products to
viewers. I feel Iâ€™ve been given a defective unit and would appreciate if it
could be replaced as it is affecting my gameplay drastically. I can provide
pictures if necessary of said flaw and the purchase/date that Iâ€™ve received your
product if needed, or i will choose to look elsewhere for my gaming needs.
Thanks for your time.Chris at X***** gaming-chris
    The DS4 that came with my PS4 has an analog stick that is badly peeling. I
thought I'd fix it by buying this and clipping it on. However, it didn't work
well. It's not a bad product but it just slides off too easily to be usable
(even off of the analog stick that is good). Also, it rubs against the DS4. Good
concept, poor application. Despite it saying that it's "handmade in the USA",
$22 is just way too much for two pieces of tiny plastic and rubber.
    Ive been using KontrolFreek thumb grips for probably 6 years or so now. I
cant use a PS4 controller without them. They make long gaming sessions
manageable.  These out of the many Ive used are nice for the non FPS games. Like
FIFA and Ark Survival. Perfect!
    i mainly got these because the regular PS4 controller thumbsticks felt so
weird to me and these word so well
    Thoses are the only ones that I order for the PS4 and they last awhile
    Bought many before work great last long enough.This time ended up with a
defective one.
    I kontrolfreek non sono niente male molto comodi e resistenti
    Great product. I donâ€™t know how I gamed without them. Only compliant is they
last maybe a year or so.. they rubber can fall off...
    Would be great if they didnâ€™t spin on the sticks. I have small hands
(female) and tend to use the edges of the sticks a lot.Can remedy with some
ticky tack, but shouldnâ€™t have to.
    Great product. Will purchase again AAA++++
    They are great and a improvement over the stock thumb pads and sticks, only
thing is when your hands get sweaty the pads still slike arround.
    actually helped by giving me wider thumbsticks. going back to the normal
thumbsticks is near impossible lol!
    Dislike. Don't work with my setup. Uncomfortable.
    really enjoying my KF tumbsticks! good grip and it really helps getting
better with high sensitivity! i recommend :DD
    My aim is so much better thanks to theseðŸ”¥
    No good. Donâ€™t stay on. Keep falling off.
    cant play without them mest buy !!
    Exactly what we expected. Good fit & feel.
    Product is fine, I paid extra for shipping and arrived a day late
    Love kontrol freek
    Decent all round
    I love the low concave (This Product) for my left joystick and a mid rise
convex for my right joystick. They used to have a specific green pack for this
but itâ€™s currently not available. I feel like the low concave on the left helps
you more with the movement as opposed to convex (raised up). Have used these for
years and will continue to.
    I play a lot of Rocket League on PC and I've started using a PS4 controller.
I like the controller a lot, but the thumbsticks are a little small for my
hands, and they always felt a tad on the stiff side, I got these in the mail and
threw on on the left thumbstick and what a difference it makes! The grip is wide
and tacky and my thumb sits in it perfectly. Given the amount of long traveling
stick movements that need to be performed quickly, I was nervous that too much
added height on the stick would be disruptive, but the Alphas minimal height was
perfect. The slight added torque you get on the stick makes the movement that
used to feel stiff now feel as smooth as my xbox elite controller did. If you
are looking for better grip on your sticks but don't want added height for FPS
aiming, get these!
    Good stick cover for the left stick (shooters, RPGs, most action/ combat
games). Wider area than standard PS4 stick and a good pattern to help your thumb
keep a grip. Minimal height difference. Put these on now before your standard
sticks start shedding rubber like mine.
    Product does not stay on thumbstick. Durring game play i am constantly
pausing to fix my thumbsticks that are coming off. I have now removed them and
dont plan kn using them again. Waste of money! A simple rubber grip that fits
over the thumb would work. This design is extremely flawed!
    I don't like this product whatsoever. Big waste of $17 dollars. I was
excited when they came in just when I started gaming they would fly off. In
order for these to work as they should they would need to be Super Glued to the
joysticks. Never again will I purchase this brand. Also I lost one of them while
i was gaming and still cant find it. Total Junk. Im just gonna pony up and get a
new controller.
    While I love these Thumbsticks - they don't stay on well.  Especially when
you need them - your getting shot - and you try to move quickly and the thing
pops off.As they are - to me - they are worth about $5 ... for $15 I expect them
to stay on!
    It grips your thumb
    great thumb sticks no issue with my hands slipping off the analog stick
    I enjoy the increased size and slight raise of the alpha joystick boosters.
I wish they connected a little more securely. They have a tendency to fall off,
if you get too excited with the sticks.
    I bought these for FPS games (R6, COD) but they didn't really help at all.
If anything, they made my movement sloppy and imprecise. I feel these are better
for racing games or slow pace games.
    Have tried multiple thumb grips and these by far are the best and provide
the best grip while i play fps like ww2 and battlefield 1
    Good quality
    I was able to increase my sensitivity and accuracy, definitely takes some
getting used to
    Falls off controller after a few weeks
    Having these makes a world of difference in comfort for me while  I game.
Also can tell a difference in my movements and aiming, as they seem to be more
crisp.
    As described
    Bought these for my 16 year old son. He said they donâ€™t stay in place and
werenâ€™t worth the money.
    Nice quality, helps your game if you put in the effort and get use to them.
I think they should be cheaper for what they are but... still glad i purchased
them!
    Big Time help... Much better than stock joystick.
    Company makes great products. Good grips among the line of the rest!
    They fit perfectly and are a great ad on to my controller.
    Solid from the moment I put them on.
    Same as the black
    They make my fingers feel so great!
    These are fantastic.  They give the perfect amount of rise off the analog
sticks for increased sensitivity, the rubber is very grippy and my thumbs dont
slip and they have yet to come off during game play, unlike other brands I have
tried.You'd be surprised how much a small tweak to your controller like this can
increase your accuracy in FPS games.
    I found these to be a bit too tall for my liking. The quality is good
overall.
    Absolutely love it!!
    Very comfortable and worth the buy
    Over hyped.
