    These are only the second pair of open-backed headphones I've owned, and my
very first planar magnetics. I've always been a closed back or IEM user, mostly
from necessity. In the time leading up to choosing my very first pair of
openback phones (the Philips Fidelio X2's - well worth a listen) I tried a lot
of headphones and before purchase I read a fair amount too. Frankly the choice
can be overwhelming and it's not helped by so many wildly conflicting opinions.
One person will tell you the m1060's are utter tripe, the next will say they're
the dogs danglies - you begin to second guess yourself!. Those opinions are
based on so many things - sound preferences, hearing ability, the revision of
headphone they have, the equipment they're using to drive the headphones. I even
noticed something I can only call snobbery - some people seemed almost
threatened by headphones that cost so much less than the headphones they own and
to which they're being compared, there's a lot of snippy Audeze owners out
there. Out of all the headphones I looked into, the m1060's seemed by far the
most divisive; they'd been hyped to the hilt and were subjected to incredible
scrutiny. The Internet is a wonderful resource, but for certain products it's
often more confusing than informative. And here I am, adding my two cents!The
only way of knowing if you like something like headphones is to put them on and
listen. So that's what I did prior to buying. I have a friend with an enormous
array of audio equipment, and headphones in particular. In trying out his
headphones I found that cost often had nothing to do with how much I enjoyed
listening to them. I chose the Philips Fidelio X2's blind (he was plopping them
on my head from the back so I had no idea what was on there!) and when it came
to take them off I was seriously smitten. Then I saw how well they were made and
figured I was gonna be spending quite a chunk of change. Turns out they cost me
£150 new, there was plenty of money left over and I decided to buy another pair
that used a different driver type - planar magnetic.So the blind testing started
again (you'd think I was imposing on my mate but he loves this stuff!) and I
whittled the smaller field down to two headphones that had exactly the kind of
sound I like - open and detailed but not bright; warm with a nice tight solid
low end. And there really wasn't much between them, there was a difference but
it wasn't significant enough for me to have a clear preference - they both
sounded great and were very comfortable. I examined the build quality of both
and while the m1060 wasn't as solid as the others, when I learned the price I
made the decision that I wasn't going to pay another £500 if I didn't have to,
especially as they're for home use and will spend most of their time in the
supplied case (which is very nice but bloody huge!). They were so similar
otherwise, and the build is certainly good enough, so it just didn't make any
sense to spend more than I had to. They look very smart, they're extremely
comfortable, and they come in at a price that belies their appearance and sound
quality. I was almost beginning to think that I had a preference for cheaper
headphones until I learned the price of the similar sounding alternative. My
friend assured me that they (and the X2's) were excellent headphones and advised
me to just trust my ears - after all its me who's going to be listening to
them!. If you ever get the chance to test products blind like that then take it.
I can't count the times I've gone with the high end brand, the top model or the
most expensive "because it must be the best", only to be left feeling duped once
the dazzle wore off and reality kicked in. Off topic I know, but Google "pricing
placebo" and "perceived value" - it's an eye-opener!.Anyway!. I've been living
with the m1060s for a while now and they really are a superb headphone. They're
not just great for the money, and when you look at the price of other planar
magnetics you'll see what I mean, they're just plain great. Once they're on your
head they're really comfortable, those big thick wide earpads really hug your
head and they're easy to adjust to fit. The sound from a planar driver is
actually quite difficult for me to describe, it is distinctive from the dynamic
drivers most of us are used to. They're also physically very different at over
10cm tall!. They have a very clean sound, voices and instruments seem more
natural and vocals in particular sound wonderfully sweet. The midrange is very
detailed. I'm a bit treble sensitive and the m1060s suit me perfectly with their
slightly quieter highs. One of the perhaps less obvious advantages I get from
them is speed, which might sound like an odd thing to say. Bass in particular
sounds punchy and accurate - maybe the nature of the driver allows it to recover
more quickly than a dynamic driver so it's ready to do its thing again?. They
might not have the thump of a particularly bassy dynamic headphone, but they're
absolutely no slouch at the bottom end. They extend all the way down and what's
there is cleaner. I've never heard the double bass or drums sound so lifelike
and defined in a mix, and it's easy to pick out each individual instrument and
its location. Sub bass from music or films (or film music!) is eerily like a
subwoofer. Just to be clear though - they're not the type of headphone that adds
bass to everything, they just deliver it incredibly well when it should be
there.I'm a chatty type so if you've stuck with me this long then cheers!. I
just wanted you to know that I did what I could to buy headphones that I really
enjoy and I tried not to let anything but the sound of them guide me. I did my
due diligence before actually going ahead with the purchase by learning what I
could about them, but I'd enjoyed them so much that barring learning they were
radioactive it was a forgone conclusion. I've forcibly thrust them onto every
friend and family member's head I can and I watch their faces light up with
smiles and surprise - a far better gauge than anything they can say!. I'm going
to keep an eye on future audio products from Monolith because I think that they,
along with many of the Chinese audio companies, are going to shake up an
industry where its not unusual to find headphones/DACs/amps that cost in the
thousands, and often for no apparent technical superiority. It's gotten out of
hand!.Next stop for me is a pair of electrostatic headphones, for many
audiophiles they're considered the best type of driver for detail. The planar
magnetic is generally considered to sit somewhere between the dynamic and
electrostatic in terms of audio reproduction, but of course that's not always
true. They're closer to electrostatics in both in quality and design, but cost
less and are far more convenient too as they don't need a specialist amp. I
can't recommend the m1060s highly enough, they not only sound fantastic but
Monoprice also give a 5yr guarantee and are no nonsense when it comes to
customer service. I would highly recommend that you at least try them out for
yourself, Amazon are also no nonsense so there's nothing to lose. I hope
something in this ramble was at least slightly useful and that it might have
swayed you to give the m1060's a chance. I don't think you'll regret it, happy
listening :)
    Decent sound for the price, gives you a taste of the low end energy and
detail that a proper planar has. Lows and mids are pretty good and clean enough
but the higher up you go the worse the rollercoaster and the overall sound
quality gets. While these are definitely not bright, the peaks in the high
region are fatiguing. The unevenness of the higher end of mids and highs
prevents giving these an unconditional recommendation. While the sound is okay
the build quality is not. The angled pads are very soft/thin pleather with soft
(non memory) foam, easily 3 knuckles tall and plenty deep to fit your ears. The
pads are just fine comfort wise, but the glue keeping them on failed almost
immediately and from the looks of it the pleather cover is slowly starting to
come undone too. The metal headband is really thin and cheap, the suspension
strap is quite narrow and has insufficient padding (this was for me the main
cause for discomfort over longer listening sessions). Yokes are the sturdiest
part of the construction, but they have unrestricted movement, this with the
flimsy headband makes handling awkward. The wooden ring looks alright from afar
but hands on the veneer does not really scream premium as much as you'd probably
hope. It's okay and it does not really matter. What matters is that the wood is
prone to cracking and mine did just that from where the yokes connect to the
rings. While this is mainly a cosmetic defect, it is a bit concerning and
disappointing. The grill is okay and mine does not have any sharp edges. What is
not a cosmetic defect is a broken plastic clamp that is supposed to keep the
yokes on the headband - hindsight is 20/20 but this is an obvious weak point,
one that has after only ~6 months failed me and rendered the headphones in two
pieces and unusable.TL;DR: Entry level planar magnetics, have some of the magic
of the more expensive planars but have increasingly poor sound reproduction the
further you go up from ~3KHz. LCD2 these are not, while they offer the
occasional brief glimpses of brilliance the flaws will quickly bring you back to
earth and remind you that these are budget headphones. Reasonably comfortable
but the build quality disappoints in more ways than i can live with.
    Um die Klangqualität dieses KHs streiten viele Leute: die meisten aber
schwören darauf und manche vergleichen ihn sogar mit Audeze.Ich habe mir
folgende KHs angehört: AKG K702, Beyerdynamics DT770 und DT1990, Meze Classics
99, Denon AHD 5200. Verglichen auf Cambridge Audio "DAC Magic Plus" KH-
Verstärker ohne Filters.Vorweg schon - Denon 5200 spielt in einer höheren Liga
und liefert besseren Sound. Kostet aber ca. 500 EUR.In seiner Preiskategorie (um
300 EUR) liefert der M1060 einen sehr dynamischen und detailreichen, aber nicht
ausgewogenen, sondern expressiven und auf gar keinem Fall analytischen, Sound.
Nach meinem persönlichen Geschmack klingt der M1060 musikalisch besser als AKG
7xx, Meze Classics 99, BD DT770 und sogar DT1990(!) .Der Sound vom M1060
überzeugt mit dem satten, mitten-betonten Sound mit sehr vielen Details und
Musikalität. Freunde von Jazz und Rock'n'Roll werden bestimmt begeistert sein -
vor allem wegen der Dynamik (Planars sind viel schneller im dynamischen
Response, als die konventionellen Treiber) und Detailtreue.Klassische Musik
fällt dagegen weniger gut aus, verglichen mit Beyerdynamics (DT770 oder DT1990).
Denn der M1060, zum einen, färbt die Mitten so, dass sich der Sound nicht ganz
natürlich bei klassischen Instrumenten anhört. Zum anderen, sind die Höhen des
M1060 gekappt, sodass die Leichtigkeit und Luftigkeit der z.b. Geigen
eingegrenzt bleibt.Für klassische und "luftige" Musik sind Beyers viel
besser.Die Leute, die viel Bass mögen, sollen lieber zu Meze Classics 99
greifen, da die Bässe und Mitten super betont sind, und der Sound, qualitativ
gesehen, natürlicher ist, als bei dem M1060.Zurück zu M1060: die Bässe sind
knackig und satt, Mitten sind ein Tick angehoben und sehr warm. In hohen Mitten
ein bisschen zu warm, in Höhen - gekappt, sodass ich auf meinem normalen
Verstärker immer wieder "Trebles" dazutun muss, aber dann sind die Höhen sehr
fein.M1060 ist genial, wenn es um maximal 3-6 Imstrumente und einzelne Stimmen
geht, dazu nicht schnell gespielt wird und keine mit vielen Höhen beladene
Musik. Da werden alle Stimmen und Instrumente super detailliert und dynamisch
widergeben. Auf Santana's Samba Pa Ti habe ich die Gitarre nicht nur gehört,
sondern wortwörtlich "anfassen" können! Sowie Sax von Sonny Rollins.Bei zu
schnell gespielter Musik mit vielen Imstrumenten bewältigt M1060 es nur mit
Mühe, da er mit viel Dynamik zu kämpfen hat. Klingt aber trotzdem passend, aber
nicht genial.Die Verarbeitung ist sehr angenehm und wenn man mit dem KH
sorgfältig umgeht, werden sie Ihnen lange dienen.Mods habe ich nocht nicht
ausprobiert, aber demnächsr, wenn ich dazukomme.Alles in allem, ist M1060 ein
sehr gelungener KH mit vielen "Wow"-Erlebnissen, wenn man die o.g.
Einschränkungen in Kauf nimmt. 5 Sterne.Für mehr Rezensionen s. amerikanischen
bzw. englischen Amazon.Update vom 27.04.2019:Nach dem Modifizieren vom KH,
schlägt M1060 jetzt auch BD DT1990 und sogar in einigen Kategorien Denon
5200.Und zwar, um die Höhen mehr fokusiert zu machen und zu erhöhen, legt man
sehr dünnes und gelöchertes (!) Blatt Papier auf den Treiber. S. Fotos. Durch
diesen Mod klingt der KH wesentlich besser und präziser.
    These cans have far exceeded my expectations.  I have heard both the Audeze
LCD2 and the Sennheisser HD800.Yes they are slightly better, BUT NOT £500 worth
better.  I cannot think of a better pair of cans that these Monolith M1060.The
cable can do with an improvement, now this can be done two ways. 1, go on eBay
look for Acrticcables Mogami cable for £70.2. Go to the Mogami UK website and
buy the (product number 2534) cable from them direct, then get a 6.3mm/3.5mm
stereo jack plugand a couple of 2.5mm mono jack plugs all for about £25 and make
the lead yourself.  That is what I have done and ok, so the self made leadmay
not look so pretty as the ready made one, but it is a better sounding one.  The
OEM lead only uses one of the four wiresper channel, whereas, when I made my
lead up, I used two wires per channel.Yes, buy these cans, you will not be
disappointed.  I personally think, that for the recommend retail price of £330,
these cans can't be beaten, even more so for the EUtronics price of £245, but
then again there will probably be others who would disagree.One little thing I
would like to mention, this has nothing to do with the seller EUtronics, I am a
little concerned with the product supportyou get from Monoprice.  I had a
question for them about the 2.5mm jackplug they use, despite 3 emails to them, I
have still not receiveda reply from them.  I sent the question to them before I
had even brought the cans!!
    I can't personally compare this to anything more expensive, as it is now my
most expensive headphone. But I cried a little the first time I heard these as
part of my setup. I'm very happy. I'm a large man, with a fat head, so I
personally feel like this headphone is light, it doesn't clamp down hard on my
ears, and I like that, I can easily forget they are there when relaxing. The
open back on this is the best I have, only my hifiman from drop compare, it
doesn't feel like I have headphones on, the open design really makes it feel
like I could be listening to my speakers, they feel incredibly open.So it goes
without saying, everyone near you can hear these if you use them, and you can
hear them aswell, keep that in mind, if you have kids constantly running around
these aren't for you.But if you have some alone time, and can use these without
disturbing anyone or getting disturbed, I would personally recommend these.
    How do Monoprice do it? How are they able to sell a high-end hi-fi headphone
for a mere £227? I recall the original retail price was somewhere around £350,
if I'm not mistaken, and at that price the Monoloith M1060 was a bargain.
Whatever, the Monolith M1060 planar magnetic sounds superb; they are very well
built and look stunning. This is the improved/upgraded version with the 2.5mm
jack plugs and I can't fault the build quality or the finish on these 'phones.
If these headphones had "Sennheiser" stamped onto the side of their aluminium
and wooden ear capsules then they'd retail at four times the price, at least!
I've heard some bad things and some good things about these headphones, but it's
all good from where I'm sitting. The quality control issues are a thing of the
past.I own the Sennheiser HD600/650/660S and the Beyer DT1990/DT880 600ohm
headphones. So, the Monolith M1060 faces some stiff competition from some of hi-
fi's headphone legends. How does it stack-up sonically? This is a very neutral
sounding headphone which doesn't throw the music at the listener. Quad
electrostatic loudspeakers have a similar sonic signature to planar drive
units... some listeners find Quads too laidback and lacking in low frequency
extension - but for ultimate transparency, an electrostatic loudspeaker can't be
beaten. And this is the Monolith M1060's forte - it's a transparent and very
revealing transducer that will only perform at its best with good quality hi-fi
equipment. Don't be fooled by the "easy to drive" 50 ohm impedance; I had been
using Sennheiser 300 ohm headphones and I needed to increase the volume on my
Musical Fidelity M1 headphone amplifier - so, the Monolith M1060 isn't suitable
for low-powered, portable device use, in my opinion. Suffice it to say, once
these Monolith M1060's were plugged into my headphone amplifier the other
headphones in my collection were immediately "put out to pasture" - they have
been mothballed. Yes, the Monolith M1060 is a giant killer. They have sparkling
highs and sledgehammer-like low frequency extension. Classical music is well-
served by these 'phones; that transparent and revealing midrange will
astonish... For listening, I used my Musical Fidelity M1 PAP headphone amplifier
and matching M1 DAC with my Marantz KI Pearl SACD/CD player spinning the
discs.If you are considering purchase, don't hesitate. At the current asking
price, the Monolith M1060s are a steal - and that's an understatement! And as I
say above, Monoprice's quality control has improved - no "floppy" headband, no
cracks in the wood and no sharp edges on the earcups. These headphones punch
well above their weight, and for the price you'll not find a better pair of
headphones. In fact, you'll not find a better pair of headphones at twice the
price...
    I wanted to love these.I researched these 1060's for what seemed like
forever before i finally ordered them.Firstly I want to state that these are
heavy.The headband is beyond a joke.When I buy a pair of headphones I expect the
headband and cups to to work with each other.Ear cups to have a gentle clamp
made possible by the headband.Well like i said the 1060's are heavy - the
headband does not do it's job clamping the cups and what you get is the cups
sliding down to the top of your ears and the top of your head holding all the
weight.As the headband top is practically square then they have a lot of
pressure on the very top of your head.The tension for me after about 10 minutes
use got worse with each passing minute.I ended up moving them back and forward
with no relief.The sound - well these are budget planars but the sound is pretty
remarkable - everything including flac,dsd, 320kbps to even 128kbps files sound
great.The bass is excellent and the sound very neutral, the only real let down
is the treble which is very recessed.These are one of the most reviewed planars
out there so I have just stated what was bothering me - Monoprice has to do
something about the headband, it really lets these down - there is literally no
clamping to your ears.Like I said wanted to love these but after a week I
reluctantly had to send these back.
    These took my by surprise. Better than Oppo-3, although some recordings
sound better with them. My reference pair has been Shure 1540, these are
different but so far have not been able to put them in order.If you are after
outlandish soundstage, these are you cans. If you thought AKG K-701 had a wide
soundstage, these are possibly even wider. The case included is massive and
impractical though, probably fills pretty much the trunk of Nissan Micra...
    The most polarizing headphone that came out in 2017. Seems like you either
love it or hate it. With reviews going from bad to great.Build and Comfort:Lets
start with the obvious. They aren't built that great and has had issues on
launch. Headband sucks, it's cheap thin metal with thin padding on the strap.
The actual cups aren't too bad a nice matte black grill, the wood looks nice
too. The pads are glorious, not memory foam but who cares because they are
absolutely huge and soft. Nice and soft fabric for the cable so it stays
straight. It's 2.5mm to the headphones with a regular 3.5mm jack to connect to
whatever you have. The headband really is built that bad to the point of making
the whole thing feel a lot cheaper. The pads are glued on too.As a quick note on
the V1s. The V1 had major issues. Wood cracking. Metal grills were sharp. The
connectors on the headphones were prone to failing since they were the tiny MMCX
connector that iems use. Head strap was prone to coming off too. All of it fixed
with the V2. Easiest way to tell if you have the V2 from looks is the cable.
MMCX was replaced with a 2.5mm jack.Despite the thin padding on the headband I
found them very comfortable. The pads did make me sweat a bit, not a problem
with the headphone imo since every other headphone with closed pleather pads
does this to me. I did end up buying ZMF Auteur Perforated Sheepskin pads to put
on these to fix that issue.Sound:Punchy bass that extends very low as expected
of a planar. Very wide and due to the size of the headphone the general sound
sounds well, big. Then you get the the upper mids + treble. Rough, fatiguing,
uncontrolled. It's a bit of a mess really. There are many times where it all
sounds great but then there are times where it sounds harsh which is a real
shame. And yes, alot of sound does leak from the headphone.There is potential
with it in which the modding community really brings it out. The basic mod
called the "fuzzor" mod involved sticking a bit of felt around the grills behind
the earpads. Which really does a good job of fixing most of the issues with the
sound. But the fact that it had to be done doesn't bode well for the headphone.
(I did do this with my pair).However for £275 as of writing this review, for
that price the sound is pretty darn great ignoring the mod. Rough around the
many edges but £275 for a budget open back planar that sounds like this is a
good deal imo.Final Thoughts:It's my daily driver and I really do like it but
would I recommend it? I really want to say yes, but it's a no. Yes the headband
build is bad enough to bring the whole build thing down. The fact that it
requires modding to reign in the upper mids and highs is a deal breaker for alot
of people. For me I don't mind tinkering with it but not everyone does. If you
do then sure, go for it. For everyone else no. Even if the price is at a good
£275.Not only that the M1060c which is the closed back variant with a modified
driver supposedly fixes the sound issues for the most part. More expensive but
no modding required.
    Why do I call it a risk to buy these headphones? Well there one of the most
'controversial' sounding cans in the audiophile world. People either think there
unlistenable or there the best sounding headphone this side of a £1000. By the
rating, you could probably tell where I stand on the matter. Forget what you've
heard (I understand the irony), buy these before any other and see where you
land. If its anything like me, then your search for the best midfi cans pretty
much stop there (there great for gaming too). For the sake of comparison, I also
tested the fidellio x2 and the akg k712, and these where the best in my mind.
    Mine sounded great, but I could hear some movement in one of the earcups. To
be fair the customer service was get prompt and honest (I felt) about the
shortcomings of this (budget end of the) high end product.Purchase for studio
use (mixing down) but not really fit for my purpose. If you are looking for just
'Home listening' high end audio, then they are a great set. You won't get bass
response and depth like this from another £300 set of headphones. I also own a
pair of Pionset HD2000 MK1 ( that cost over £300 when I bought them) and the
monoprice blows the socks off the pioneers in terms of sound quality
(acknowledging they are designed for different situations).A good introductory
pair, but I ended up going with a pair of Audeze LCD2's purely down to the
build. The Monoprice's don't sound a patch on the sound of the LCD2's to to be
fair they cost more than twice the price.
    Just received these at work today and was pretty excited to give them a go.
Packaging was pristine with no seals unbroken. Opened the box up to find what
you see in the photo's. £275.99 spent and that's what I got delivered. I assume
its mold all over it and in the grooves of the headphones. Pretty poor and shows
lack of professionalism in operations. As for the sound...well I don't think I
will be trying this pair for sure.
    These are exceptional.  Can't fault them and better sounding than my
Sennheisers that were more than double the price.  Early reviews on the previous
version had picked up some faults, but Monoprice have fixed them all.  Cannot
rate these highly enough.  Make sure you buy the amended/corrected version with
the standard connector not the mini conector.  Well done Monolith for correcting
every issue raised.
    I bought this headset after a lot of research about what headsets are great
for hearing foot steps in games and oh boy these are amazing, they are really
good in COD and Apex Legends... Overall comfy crisp pro headphones, just have in
mind you will need an external mic if you are going to have them for gaming.
    Sound quality, looks, packaging are excellent. Apparently there are some
issues with the build quality and the cable connections, however it’s too soon
to comment on that. Have not had any issues so far. I recommend these headphones
to anyone who starts their audiophile journey.
    Le ho acquistate dopo aver letto decine di forum e tutti sembrano concordare
sul fatto che siano le migliori magneto planari in questa fascia di prezzo. Al
costo di un paio di Beats Studio (mie precedenti cuffie, a cui le sto
paragonando), vi portate a casa delle cuffie il cui diretto paragone sono le
Audeze LCD-2, che costano più del triplo.Senza dubio il perfetto primo paio di
cuffie hi-fi per chi, come me, è nuovo di questo mondo, o per chi cerca delle
cuffie high-end ad un prezzo abbordabile. Incredibile soundstage, si riesce a
percepire ed isolare molto bene ogni strumento singolarmente anche quando ce ne
sono molti che suonano contemporaneamente.Parlando di comodità i padiglioni sono
molto morbidi e grandi, coprono tutto l'orecchio senza toccarlo. L'unico
difetto, per così dire, che mi sento di far notare, è il packaging, davvero non
adatto ad un prodotto di questo prezzo; mi piace pensare che abbiano sorvolato
sul packaging per sfruttare fino all'ultimo centesimo nella qualità
audio.Inoltre altra pecca è sicuramente il case, che è molto rigido e
protettivo, ma esageratamente grande! Ok che non sono cuffie pensate per essere
portate in giro, ma quasi fatico a trovare un cassetto in cui possa entrare...
    If you don't mind a relatively flat base and the sound leakage of open
headphones can't go wrong for this price.
    They were ok but came with a stain in the box, so obviously wasn’t new ,
returned them
    Amazing !The best ...Reed the forum, you'll see its a winner, just some
little modding if you want to adapt to your feeling.
    Je ne suis pas un collectionneur de casques, je suis plutot hifiste
enceintes (klipsch heresyIII et LXMini en ce moment), je possède un Grado SR125e
dont je suis très content, mais je voulais goûter aux planars sans casser mon
plan épargne pour un Audeze ou Hifiman.......grand bien m'a pris :)Ce casque est
tout bonnement spectaculaire, de par son apparence pour commencer, il est gros,
vraiment gros, c'est un casque sédentaire, pas la peine d'esperer vous ballader
avec ou prendre les transports en espérant vois isoler des autres car la nature
ouverte (très ouverte) de ce casque fera profiter votre entourage de la musique
que cous ecouterez.Il est lourd mais sans excès,  et son poids se fait oublier
grace a un confort étonnant, mellant oreillettes ultra moelleuses et systeme de
suspension efficace.Le design bois /metal qui le fait grandement ressembler a un
audeze LCD2 est superbe.Quelques améliorations de finition seraient souhaitables
(billes de réglage de hauteur de la suspension qui raye la surface interne de
l'arceau par exemple ), mais à ce prix, certains choix industriels on dû être
faits.Le cable est de bonne qualité, meme si j'ai du le remplacer par un modèle
plus long.Ce casque est également spectaculaire par le son qu'il fourni.Amateurs
de casques boostés, passez votre chemin.... ce casque est plutot neutre, avec
malgré tout une petite coquetterie dans le grave/bas medium,mais vraiment
légère. Il est d'une precision et d'un vitesse redoutable, les graves descendent
incroyablement bas mais sont tendus comme un arc, pas de trainage ou de
boursouflure, pour un amateur de casques Bose ce casque pourrais lui paraitre
clair et dépourvu de "basses", mais ce n'est pas le cas, les graves sont justes
et pas artificiellement gonflés par un courbe de réponse tarabiscotée.Les
mediums sont justes et parfaitements détourés, el les aigus sont ultra precis
sans jamais devenir crispants. La largeur de la scène sonore ressentie est très
importante (casque ouvert ) et permet une immersion totale dans la musique.Pas
de fatigue à déplorer avec ce casque (du coup attention au volume). Et même s'il
peut être drivé sans soucis par un smartphone vous en tirerez la quintessence en
le reliant un ampli (casque ou bon intégré hifi).Bref, ce casque est devenu mon
casque référence et j'éprouve un plaisir fou a me passer albums après albums.A
ce tarif, il n'y a pas à reflechir, foncez!Reste a voir comment il passera les
années.
    Hace más o menos un año estos Monolith M1060 causaron un revuelo en los
foros de los aficionados a escuchar música en audífonos por su relación
precio/calidad. Muchos decían que sonaban tan bien como algunos otros que
cuestan tres veces más. Puedo confirmar que son realmente estupendos.En mi
colección faltaban unos audífonos magnetoplanares; durante varios meses estuve
analizando cuáles me convendrían sin gastar una enormidad y me decidí por los
M1060. No son los más cómodos, pero a pesar de su peso no son incómodos, no son
los que dan más detalle pero tienen muy buena claridad, y el escenario musical
es amplio sin exagerar, con buena distribución de los instrumentos y voces. Es
el conjunto de sus cualidades lo que ofrece una experiencia musical con
naturalidad y balance en el rango de frecuencias, sin estridencia ni
aburrimiento. Sin embargo, Monoprice parece sufrir de un control de calidad un
poco irregular, no tanto como otra marca muy famosa de audífonos orthodinámicos
que se deshacen en las manos. Los primeros que recibí sufrían de un defecto que,
aunque no es muy común, es un tanto molesto. Si reciben unos sin defectos no se
arrepentirán. Estos M1060 pueden parecer caros pero valen más de lo que
cuestan.Quiero mencionar que Amazon ofrece un servicio sin igual, tanto en la
venta como después de la venta. Mi reemplazo llegó unas horas después de
solicitarlo. Fenomenal.
    Increíblemente cómodos, hermosos, y con un sonido balanceado.Estoy super
contento de haber comprado estos audífonos. Como punto de comparación, también
he comprado los Sennheiser HD598SE y los Beyerdynamic DT 990 Pro 250 Ohms; puedo
asegurarles que ninguno de los dos está al nivel de estos.El sonido para mi
gusto está excelentemente balanceado, con muy buen detalle en los altos sin ser
demasiado fuertes como para molestar, y un bajo que literalmente se siente, pero
no opaca el resto de las frecuencias. Otro detalle fascinante es el sound stage
que tienen que probablemente se debe al amplio espacio que existe entre tus
oídos y los audífonos, pero lo mejor de todo es que aún con tanto sound stage,
sigue teniendo muy buen posicionamiento espacial.Sin duda espero algún día
comprar la versión cerrada.
    This was the strangest set of headphones I've ever owned (I ended up
returning them after just over a week of using them).  The wood rings wanted to
crack just by looking at them the wrong way.  The headband and hinges creaked
any time you moved them, and quite literally felt as though they would just
crumble or fall apart in your hands.  The cable was of extremely poor quality,
and the right angle adapter was a bit perplexing as well.  The 2.5mm connections
to the headphones themselves were extremely tight and required a terrifying
amount of pressure to snap them into place or remove them.  The headband
adjustment system stripped paint whenever you adjusted the fit of the
headphones.  This actually felt more like an early stage prototype rather than a
complete product.  There is just no way that a competent manufacturer would
allow QA issues like this onto the market, unless it was rushed out the door or
the designers just didn't care enough.  Something was definitely amiss here, at
any rate.All those issues aside (and then some), the sound quality is what stood
out to me the most here.  These things sound great -- or, at least my pair did
for the most part.  But at around day 3, I started noticing my ears would begin
to fatigue after around 30 minutes and I was getting headaches.  After A/B'ing
through some other headphones I own, I realized that these headphones were
producing harsh resonances or reflections whenever a really exciting part of a
track would play.  Female vocals, loud guitar parts, ringing snare drums --
anything with a lot of energy out front in a mix created a lot of resonant
harshness to the sound.  A good number of owners have claimed there are issues
with a 5K resonance, harsh tones, shouty mids, etc. as well, so at least I
wasn't alone in that regard.  The fact that some headphones sound fine while
others are terrible also speaks volumes about the QA over at Monoprice.Then
there are the insane amount of mods that users are coming up with in forums to
essentially fix nearly every aspect of these headphones.  From fuzzor/fazor mods
around the drivers, to replacing the foam with folded paper towel, to 3D-printed
grills and aftermarket pads to get rid of the harsh resonances inside the
earcups.I'm sorry, but Monoprice should not have to rely on its customers to try
and fix these for them.  It's unacceptable to charge people $400 for an
incomplete product.  The amount of money some people have put into these on top
of their already hefty price tag trying to fix them is pretty incredible.Unless
you're looking for a project or an experience of learning how to repair and
modify headphones, I'd avoid these like the plague.  I struggled to find the
value in this sort of investment of time and money, and ultimately ended up
returning these.  It truly is a damn shame that Monoprice couldn't have been
bothered to invest more time engineering these properly, because they were
certainly onto something great here, but fell far short of the finish line.
    Lo primero es decir que dispongo de unos DT990 de 600 Ohms y se me acababan
de estropear unos DT770 pro que, al estar en garantía, Amazon, con su
excepcional servicio de atención al cliente me permitió un reembolso para
comprar otros auriculares nuevos. Dado que tuve un problema de calidad con los
DT770 he preferido probar con estos Monolith 1060 aunque estaba encantado con
los DT770. Comparados con los 990 pierden por goleada. Los 990 son más
naturales, detallados, aireados... Tan solo, mejoran en los bajos y en que no
tienen ciertas sibilancias con los agudos. Pero, para eso, estaban los 770 que,
aparte de ser 120 euros más baratos son más dinámicos y con unos bajos mucho más
entretenidos. Son contar que son infinitamente más cómodos. No entiendo cómo
nadie menciona la comodidad en sus análisis y, en este punto, los Beyerdynamic
son excepcionales. Devuelvo estos Monolith y vuelvo a pedir los 770.
    These headphones are a pure pleasure. THEY Are amazing for the price. They
have a lower extension then the hifiman 560s This planar magnetic is a solid
peace of audiophile level gear. The only thing is the headband. Just be careful
and don't drop them on the ground, it might brake. But even the wood accents are
lovely and my god those pads they are so comfortable. Vocals have a lush warm
tone. Instrument separation and sound stage is great to. These are amazing
headphones for studio use and just for kicking back and listening to Flac or any
high end media. The team at Monoprice are great to. Always willing to help you
out and have great service.
    Despues de volverme loco probando cascos y viendo opiniones etc, etc ,
etc..... Siempre y siempre acababa por encontrarme la recomendacion de estos
cascos. Antes de probarlos he estado usando otros 4 modelos, algunos de ellos
con buenas criticas ( Beyerdinamics dt990 pro , akg 712 pro, hyperx cloud
revolver ( los que tenia antes ) y unos sennheiser sr 598 ) Sin duda cada casco
tenia sus pros y sus contras ( los peores sin duda los akg 712 pro.... no
entiendo la fama que tienen para nada, de veras.... )Probe esos cascos durante
dias y al final me decante por estos planar magnetic, no queria gastarme tanto
realmente, pero queria probarlos tras tan buenas opiniones....Nada mas
ponermelos ya supe al instante que estos eran mis cascos.... Buenos agudos y
medios y con un grave que se siente.Principalmente los queria para videojuegos
de posicionamiento y he acertado de pleno, pero es que no solo son videojuegos,
la musica, videos o lo que sea, son muy buenos cascos de veras, valen lo que
cuestan y no merece que os gasteis 900 € en otros a menos que busques algo mas
concreto para musica clasica......Como pega pondria a la madera, hay que tener
cuidado que no se te caigan los cascos, porque con su peso y la madera, esta se
va a quebrar muy posiblemente.Yo tuve un problema y la atencion del fabricante
fue de 10, una atencion buena y sobre todo rapida, me han sorprendido la
verdad.Si quereis sacarle buen provecho a los cascos, os recomiendo un DAC,
aunque los he probado en mi movil s9+ y suenan bastante bien tambien.Como ultimo
detalle deciros que con el tiempo acabaran sonando mejor, hay que hacerle el
rodaje y personalmente senti que con el tiempo iban sonando mejor.pd : Una cosa
muy buena es toda la comunidad que tiene detras y hay mods con los que puedes
conseguir una mejor calidad de audio a tu gusto.
    Utilisation domestique hifit . Version 2 fortement amelioree par rapport a
la V1 . Tres comfortable,s un peu lourd . Son d'excellente qualite apres un long
rodage (1 semaine), le pic a 5khz disparait , et, le son se libere . C'est un
des rares casques capable de restituer de l'infra grave,  sans distortion . Son
de tres haute qualite, mais ,  sur- amorti par une mousse trop dense a l'arriere
des transducteurs. Tres facilement ameliorable, a tres  peu de frais . Des
coussinets brainwavz XL micro perfores le rendent plus analytique, et reduisent
les resonances parasite.
    Premetto che ho cuffie ben più costose, sennheiser hd 700, denon... ecc.ecc.
ma queste suonano veramente bene, a mio gusto meglio delle hd700.Si pilotano un
po con tutto e la distorsione e’ inferiore alle altre cuffie in mio
possesso.ComodeSecondo me fino agli 700/800 euro non c’è di meglio, ma anche a
budget superiori non tutte le superano
    J’ai reçu le casque et je confirme qu’il est à la hauteur de sa réputation.
Un son précis cristallin avec des basses justes . C’est un bonheur.En revanche
le casque n’était pas neuf. La boîte avait été ouverte et on voit que les
arceaux ont été utilisés. Rien de grave car tout semblait ok quand même. Il
devait s’agir d’un retour d’un précédent client ayant trouvé le casque trop
imposant...car oui... il est maousse !!
    These headphones are the equivalent of a video game that is amazingly fun,
but loaded with glitches.These cans sound excellent, no doubt. They're slightly
better than my already phenomenal HD 650s, especially the soundstage, cymbals
and bass.But unfortunately the build quality is bad. It's not just below
average, it's real bad. The headband looks bad and it scratches itself when you
adjust the height, and it squeaks when you flex the cups around.Even worse is
the 4.5 khz ringing/whistling noise. I have to spend $100 just to mod and
replace the earpads because Monolith is too lazy to do proper testing and
quality control. Most of my music is just unbearable once you notice this
piercing whistling sound and I'm astounded that this company thought these
headphones were ready for launch. I own revision two and despite them fixing
several issues, many still remain.I will fix these headphones myself and I'm
sure after more time and money they will sound the way they were supposed to
sound - flawless. Unfortunately unless people are willing to either live with
these unacceptable issues or mod the cans themselves, I could never recommend
these headphones to my friends knowing the nonsense they'd have to put up with.
I may never buy another Monoprice headphone again due to how frustrated I am
with this pair.Yes, they do sound excellent and for the price the sound quality
is remarkable....except for the 4.5khz ringing which effectively ruins 80% of my
music. Monoprice should be embarrassed with themselves. As good as they are,
these cans are dreadfully overrated and I warn people to please exercise extreme
caution when considering buying these cans, something I wish I did.
    Este es mi primer par y los estoy usando en la siguiente configuraciónMBP/
VOX/ flac/ boom3d/ fiio e18/ 16050’sHasta ahora me encanta cómo suenan pero si
tengo que ecualizar por álbum; los bajos si los tengo que levantar con eq y el
boost del e18 pero tienen un balance increíble una vez bien balanceados, el
soundstage es impresionante, aún no realizó ninguna modificación pero si ando
detectando el “timbre” que tanto se habla a los 5khz, no es “tan” molesto pero
está ahí y puede repararseA ver qué depara el tiempo, que esto del hifi es un
vicio
    I'll keep it short - there is a single thing I would change here and that is
the headphone jack. It broke after a few months and I had to solder it shut.
Everything else about this headphones simply defeats the competition by a long
shot. If you're looking for great sounding open back headphones, you won't find
better headphones than these under 4 times the price.
    I bought these headphones because they are one of the few contenders at this
price range and I wanted an upgrade from my 58x jubilee's, and trust me these
are. What I like, these headphones have very nice sound quality, especially at
this price range. The soundstage is incredible with nice detailing as well(works
great for video games due to this). The pads on these headphones are also pads
that you would pay at least 50 dollars for and are very quality(I should also
mention though that these pads are not removable). I have also had no issues
with the wood cracking so to me it just looks like a nice addition.
Aesthetically these headphones appear a bit large on the head but the overall
design is quite appealing. Now for the bad, the headband on these headphones is
poorly designed in my opinion because it causes a large amount of fatigue on the
head, not only because of the weight but also due to a slight lack of support on
the headphone band of these headphones. The other main issue I had with these
headphones is with the right driver constantly cutting out, the fix is extremely
simple though, you just need to get another cable. The cable that comes with
these headphones are not only damage to the right connection but they are also
extremely janky and overall a poor quality cable, I would highly suggest getting
a replacement cable. I had purchased the Neomusica cable for the Hifiman he400
but the connector is the same so it works with these headphones as well(I was
extremely satisfied with the cable). Overall these are a nice pair of headphones
although there are a few quirks that should be addressed, in my opinion, these
are a steal at the price point.
    Comfort  '''4'''  only because they're heavy but that makes them sound great
too.  If you're looking for a spacious , open air sound  --- you found it.
Voices are great and even a piano sounds good.  Only thing I've heard better
are QUAD  electrostatics --- if you've got the  $ 30,000 plus.  I'd like to add.
Like almost all headphones  they roll off in the high end ,  so edge detail is
lacking
    So I've been using these daily for almost two months now, and there's not
mucch more to say about the sound and comfort besides "wow." these headphones
are amazing.However today when I picked them up to put on as usual, one
headphone just snapped off. The plastic piece holding it on just gave out as I
pulled it aside to fit on my head.I'm hoping some super glue will fix the
problem for the time being, but that giving out so easily is a huge downside.
I've never had that happen before even with cheap headphones, let alone a pair I
paid voer $350 for.
    Ho visto alcune recensioni su you tube e devo confermare tutto il bene che
si dice. La scena sonora che si presenta all'ascolto ed il dettaglio per  ogni
singolo strumento. Per un prezzo a dir poco eccezionale si ha  una qualità che
rispetto altri marchi blasonati dove come minimo devi spendere 3volte tanto.
Felicissimo
    Need to be paired to a good dac and amp to get your moneys worth. Just go
see some online reviews on them and you'll get it. DON'T use a tube amp...
    Sounds great. Pretty comfortable. Glued on pads confuses me a bit but they
are pretty comfortable so I'll give it a pass. Sounds wonderful on my Element
Dac/Amp. Worth it.
    Bought these for gaming, I can hear things so clearly there is times I look
around my room thinking it's not in the game but something around me.
    Great headphones, The build is decent, for the price you pay it's more than
premium! The sound is phenomenal the hype is real.
    Tout d'un grand à part le prix super content Je l'utilise aussi bien pour
musique que pour mes film ou jeux avec ma creative g6 vraiment la spatialisation
est merveilleuse
    Ha un suono davvero arioso e aperto. Particolare, può non piacere ma se
dovete ascoltare molta musica acustica è davvero il top
    Very happy with sound quality
    Sounds good without an amp even out of an iPhone, sounds amazing with an
amp/dac desktop setup! Very happy with about 12 months of use.
    Truly the best headphones you can get without spending over $1,000.
    le casque pour une utilisation sédentaire me plait beaucoup. il est
confortable. relié a un bon pre ampli, il me donne toute satisfaction.
    amazing
    Absolutely wonderful headphones!  Amazing clarity, super comfortable, love
em!!
    Probably the best planar at its price. hands down.
    Good
    Excellent sound for vocal.A bit clumsy but good construction quality.
    I'll keep this short and sweet the mids were so muddy and slow I returned
them after 3 days.
    Super casque pour un super prix + Brainwavz XL Micro Daim que du bonheur !
    Insanely good value.
    Amazing sound stage. Mids a bit harsh (as compared to a hd650). This defines
bang for the buck.
    Worth every penny! Amazing
    Received my Revision 2 M1060's in perfect condition.  Shipped very fast
direct from Monoprice US to Canada.  My copy was perfect and had none of the
problems I've read about with the first edition.First on my setup.  I am playing
FLAC files with Media Monkey, ripped directly from CD's.  My DAC/Headphone amp
is the Emotiva Stealth DC-1.  I listen to a variety of music but favor Rock,
Classic Rock and Metal (Goth, Symphonic, etc.).  I burned in the headphone for
10 hours or so before serious listening.The headphones are big and heavy but it
was fairly comfortable with the big ear pads and the little cushions on the
headband.  These are very efficient and easy to drive, which I understand is a
bit unusual for Planer Magnetics.  Certainly more efficient than my Beyerdynamic
T90's, or Hifiman HE-560's (Also a planer magnetic and least efficient of all my
cans).I would describe the M1060's sound as rich, luxurious and full; however,
the treble is a bit recessed, so it doesn't have as much air and treble
extension and resolution as my T90's or HE-560.  This is true even after I've
EQ'ed the M1060's to boost the base and treble a bit.  As far as soundstage
goes, the M1060's is wide but depth is fairly shallow.  Again my T90's and
HE-560's have greater depth giving a 3D effect on certain recordings.  Where the
M1060's really shine are on poorly recorded CD's.  I never bothered listening to
some of my music because it was simply unlistenable with the T90's, just too
strident but sounded great with the M1060's.  The Cult - Love CD is one such
example and I listened to it for the first time in a long time and just got lost
listening to the music...  The strength of these cans are great bass and clear
mid's.  It has enough resolution to pick out individual voices in multi-part
harmonies which on lesser headphones tend to bleed together as a single voice.
These are definitely keepers that will complement my other headphones.Bottom
line.  If you are looking for a non-fatiguing, smooth, rich sound, the M1060's
are highly recommended.  If you are looking for a deeper soundstage or something
with more treble extension/resolution, you will have to look elsewhere and be
prepared to spend a bit more to get it.Update October 27, 2017:  My right ear
piece lost 90% of the sound about 5 weeks ago.  I hadn't been using the
headphones for a while and was surprised to hear that problem when I tried them
again.  I contacted Monoprice via e-mail and they game me an RMA with shipping
labels (I didn't have to pay shipping).  The total process took about 5 weeks
and I just received a brand new replacement headset.  I give kudos to Monoprice
for standing behind their product and making the return process less onerous and
costly.  Especially for us Canadians.  I listened to the new headphone last
night and they sounded great!Update March 27, 2018:  These sound even better now
with my new EQ settings and thought I would share them with you.  More detail
and texture especially in the vocals and treble.  They don't sound dark with
these settings!  I looked at the M1060 frequency response chart from
InnerFidelity and came up with the following EQ:  31 +2, 62 +1, 125 0, 250 0,
500 0, 1k 0, 2k 0, 4k +1, 8k +2, 16k +3.  Give it a try and adjust to your own
taste.
    Oh my gosh this is a great headphone. All the reviews you read online about
this being comparable to more expensive models are probably true. I am very
discerning about sound. Microdynamics is what changes sound to music. It is in
the microdynamics of sound that allows you to hear the space the instruments are
in and the full timbre of them. This headphone gives that. I modified them to
remove the foam in the back and they simply improved in dynamics and treble
extension. Vocals seem to be it's strength but also side to side soundstage is
very strong. I have had moments, with good recordings where it brings me to an
emotional point in the beauty of the song and the sound.For the money you would
spend on better headphones buy these, do the mods and spend the money on music
and support artists to create wonderful things. These bring you so close to
their performance.12/16/18 So finally I was able to put in the HifiMan velour
earpads that are recommended for this headphone. It completely changes the
dynamics and tone of the headphone. These are different and far better
headphones. One of the complaints about the 1060 is a "darkness" as well as a
peak at about 3k. With the new pads (easily put on) vocals that were very good
but slightly harsh sounding / sibilant are completely tamed. Those magical
microdynamics increase allowing me to isolate voices that are double tracked or
spread across the soundstage. Bass increases and is distinct as an instrument,
not just a blob of low sound. Live music is delightful to listen to with this
headphone.Except for the velour pads at 20.00, all of the modifcations were free
and reversible. After them I cannot recommend this headphone enough. The detail
and soundstage as well as smoothness of frequency top to bottom are worth far
more than the cost.
    Received in a timely manner. Revision 2 - better cable/connections and the
outer cup plates are smooth (which is a nice surprise) - steal of a deal @ sub
$500 CDN for planar headphones. You will need an amp to power these properly.
    Had problems with the physical. Send it back.
    my kidney
    I bought these at the end of January 2018 and they are the revised version
with the 2.5mm connectors instead of the MMCX.  I've tried a number of planar
headphones, Audeze LCD3, Opportunity PM-3, AudioQuest Nighthawk, HifiMan HE560
and never kept any of them.  I think that I have never found a set that had the
sound I liked at a price commensurate to their quality and which I would want to
spend time with rather than with my Sennheiser HD800S headphones.  When I came
across the 1060s at under $300 I couldn't pass up the chance to try them out.For
the money, they are beautifully made and presented.  Out of the box they didn't
sound bad, but have certainly benefited from a 60 hour burn in.  Now I have to
say that they are just a very musical set of phones, warm and easy to listen to.
I have compared them to the HD800S running from a Schiit Jotununheim and not
surprisingly they don't compare in soundstage, clarity, high end accuracy, but
at the price that isn't what I am looking for.  The real use for me is as a set
of phones to casually listen to music from my Fiio X7 Mkii, and for this they
are great.  They are comfortable, a bit on the heavy side, but not to the point
where I noticed it.  The pads creaked a bit when first used, but have settled
down and are plush and provide a good comfortable seal.  I have no complaints
about the cabling which is really thin, but seems solid enough and not
microphonic.  With the new 2.5mm at the headphone end and 3.5mm for the player
connection, this is an easy cable to replace if you do have any problems.As far
as the sound quality goes, they have a reasonably wide sound stage, but with not
much front to back depth.  Bass is slightly accentuated and top end rolls off a
bit.  I've seen reviews complaining about a peak at 5KHz and other problems, but
I don't notice it, and for me these are NOT a pair of reference headphones, they
are something to listen to music with and for me they have a pleasing musical
sound, not harsh, not super sharp, but not too muddy either.  A sound you can
just sit back and enjoy, maybe not with a "wow" but with a long term smile.
(Amazingly some people who don't notice the 5KHz problem have been asking for
advice as to how to search for it so that they can be disturbed by it,
weird!).They are pretty easy to drive, certainly from the X7 AM3 stock amp
module.  I did buy a balanced cable on Amazon and tried that output on the X7 to
the M1060s.  Impossible to do an A/B comparison but my impression was that the
balanced gave slightly more open highs, but slightly detracted from the bass and
didn't help the warmth so have sent that cable back and happily gone back to the
supplied SE cable.In conclusion I am keeping the M1060s for relaxed listening.
When I want to listen more seriously I'll still use my HD800Ss or my Shure
SE846s for the Fiio X7 Mkii.  The fact the I can listen happily to the M1060s
when I am used to the sound from TOTL headphones and IEMs, speaks volumes to the
quality of the M1060s and for the price a total bargain.
    great planar, you need to do the fuzzor mod to eliminate 5k ringing, after
that this my end game, also tried lcd2.2f, it is no match to this. M1060 is more
conformable 470g to 570g, better sound stage (thanks to the huge and deep
earpads) and more clarity in the highs. you do need to eq the lows abit but this
responds to eq very well and the bass will extend to single digits. tired this
with both micca origen and fiio e10k both drives this fine on low gain.
    So far they feel sturdy and look nice.Sound - Currently using a e10k Fiio
amp/dac they sounds decent my 990dts sounds much better but these are brand new.
When plugged directly into a laptop or tablet they are very flat/muddy. So far
sounds stage and imaging is decent and the bass is good and punchy for open
backs. Bassier than the 990dts but so far thats the only thing they do "better".
I am taking them to work in few days and will be using my schiite mod1 with a
little dot 2 with audioquest interconnects.Comfort - quite comfy, although the
pressure from the top band is a bit noticeable. Currently looking down using a
laptop on a desk and I can feel them slightly slide, not the tightest feel.will
update in the future.Update -  have been using full time for about a week. with
some swapping between the dt990 and 770.little dot 2modi2 uberThis is based off
personal sound and not scientistic testing.Sound stage and imaging are pretty
weak was expecting alot more for the price.I think the 770's have more of both.
Feel sturdy in hands and comfrotable to wear all day long. The jack that comes
with is garbage and would drop left any time i moved so i just used another. The
sound is kinda flat or some people say "natural". Not bad head phones by
anymeans just not worth 300 IMO. Wanted to really like these.If they were 200 or
less i would keep but i am ultimatly returning.
    Wow... these rock, and the style...love them, you need a bit of power to
drive them because they are planar magnets instead of traditional drivers
inside, but... do not take my word for it, even though I think anything that
says BOTH Monoprice AND Monolith are the deal, your mileage may vary, but I am
betting these will do it for you.Get a good amplifier, they will not reach
potential out of an Ipod or phone, but out of an amp, with the size and shape of
the ear cushions, these are incredibly easy to listen to, and even more
comfortable. I drive mine out of the headphone suicide Emotiva BasX 100, with
the jumpers in, and, wow! I do not recommend this solution for everyone, as you
could destroy your headphones, and kill yourself, by pumping 50watts per channel
into these, or hurt yourself permanently, but, wow...I am listening to them as I
type this, on that, but, seriously, get a good amp.
    I purchased these based on the seemingly endless praise they receive on
headphone forums and critics' reviews. Evidently, Monoprice has continuously
improved these based on customer feedback (build-quality specifically was
claimed a sour-point on the first run--they've worked to improve this and my
example is flawless). I believe this itself deserves special mention. A company
that genuinely listens to its customers is a company worth supporting.Regarding
the headphones themselves: it is common for people to compare these to $700+
headphones. As I don't believe in paying that much for a pair of headphones, I
can't say whether or not it is reasonable. I will say this, though: if THIS is
what $700+ headphones sound like, some people are too willing to be ripped off.
These are not exceptional-sounding headphones, even at their price-range. These
units are FAIRLY priced (at around $275). It's a good (not amazing) sound for
the money. I can't accept paying any more, however. By my count, nothing that
most reviewers praised are truly exemplary. Clarity is average-to-"good," sound-
stage is good but not the best for the money; and people love to claim that
planar headphones are amazing for bass... I've heard two planar models including
this and I have not yet found that to be the case. Bass is light. Not much in
the way of impact. Definition is good, but again, not exceptional. I have yet to
realize a benefit here over conventional dynamic drivers.I A/B/C'd these with
two of my most-used/favorite headphones of my collection: Grado RS2e's (MSRP
~$500) and Koss Pro4s's (MSRP ~$149). The Koss headphones impress with their
abundant-but-still-high-quality low-end and otherwise flat response. The Grados,
in typical Grado fashion, impress with their shimmering and incredibly-detailed
highs. The Monoprice headphones offer neither of those: they lack the beautiful,
endless, impactful low-end of the Koss, but they also lack the wonderful,
shimmering highs and bodaciously intimate mids of the Grados. Therefore, I
simply don't have a good reason to want to listen to them. They're not
especially engaging.One other thing that I found is that, particularly compared
to the Grados, these almost exhibit a sound like listening through a tube. There
is some resonant quality that I can't quite put my finger on that is absent in
most other open-back headphones that I've heard. It's not unbearable (and your
ears quickly adjust to it).. but it was always noticeable after listening to the
two other headsets I used for comparison.Don't get me wrong. These are good-
sounding headphones. But manage your expectations. They're appropriately-priced,
but these aren't the end-all that so many reviewers seem to promise.Regarding
other aspects of the headphones, here are a few points:-They are only just
sensitive to be powered by mobile devices. They'll barely reach loud-enough
levels for some people to enjoy them on normal smartphones.-These are large
headphones. They're not discrete in the least bit. You'll acknowledge this right
when you see the box in which they arrive! They're somewhat heavy. Not to the
point of ever causing me fatigue; but if you lay down, you may find that they
want to slip off your ears.- Comfort is great. The pads surround large ears with
ease and the deep cutouts ensure that your ears won't touch the grills. Temporal
pressure is just right and the headband does a nice job distributing weight up
top. These headphones will comfortably accommodate large noggins like my own.-
Air-flow is quite good for leather/leatherette, enabling longer listening
sessions (though admittedly I haven't worn these for more than an hour at a
time).- Build quality is great. These have a robust feeling, materials are
attractive and impressive. Cabling, while not as thick as you'd probably like to
see on a higher-end headphone, still feels of good quality and is of no concern
to me longevity-wise. Nice connectors at both ends.Note: Most of my impressions
were formed using the devices I use most: a smartphone (Moto Z), a laptop
(Alienware 15R3), and a Surface Pro 4. I did audition with higher-powered
sources including an SMSL AD18 and a midrange Yamaha home-theater receiver to
better-but-still-not-ground-breaking results; but because it is very rare that I
use headphones in these ways, I did not form my opinions based on these
situations. My personal requirements for headphones are that they work well with
a variety of sources. Also, I in no circumstances (as it pertains to headphones)
use EQ adjustments or post-processing. Another popular claim is that planar
headphones respond particularly well to EQ; this too (that they're any better
than dynamic drivers) I hold a skepticism for--but either way, it's irrelevant
to my preferences so I did not explore this claim.Also, while I don't personally
have a stance on whether or not burn-in is a tangible phenomenon, I've listened
straight out of the box as well as after letting them play at moderate volume
for 48+ hours. I enjoyed them more after the "burn in," but acknowledge the
possibility of placebo. I mention this to quell the notion that mine simply
weren't "broken in." I gave them a chance.Ultimately, I ended up thinking this:
if I'm going to spend $200+ headphones for home/portable (non-studio) use, it's
probably better if they offer something special whether it be bass (Koss),
treble (Grado), noise-cancellation (Bose), etc. These planar headphones simply
don't sound special enough for me to add them to my long-term rotation. They're
definitely not BAD headphones. It's just that you can find more exciting sound
for the money.Quality: 90Sound: 80Comfort: 90Value: 85(It should go without
saying that these are all subjective matters. Some people are bound to disagree,
and I fully respect that. These are merely my impressions based on my
experiences and preferences. Always remember to form your own.)
    Here's the thing: stock, these headphones are very uncomfortable (to me) for
long listening sessions and the sound is close but not quite fantastic.Other
reviews can get into the fantastic sound but you have to do a little work to get
them there.BUT - back to the comfort. Stock, these headphones clamped my head so
hard that the (rather stiff) pads would crush my skull to the point that after
an hour of listening I'd have to take them off because the area around my ears
was so fatigued. But, if you've done any research on these headphones at all,
you'll know that modding them is what takes them to the next level.Here is a
list of mods I've done to make them my favorite headphones out of all of the
ones I own (which is a lot):-Fuzzor mod (google it) to get rid of the 5k
ringing. Very cheap and easy mod that is 100% worth it.-Ear pad replacement - I
opted to go for the Brainwavz microsuede pads and they are soooooooo
comfortable. They didn't fix the fatigue problem on the headphones for me but
they did make it a lot more tolerable. The pads I got aren't angled and some
might argue that they should be for the optimal sound, but it didn't really seem
to affect it for me.-I bought a HiFiMan He560 replacement headband on some
random website called Adorama for $10 and then spraypainted it matte black and
then replaced the stock headband with this. It both improves the look of the
headphones greatly (getting rid of that weird boxy look) and made them a
THOUSAND times more comfortable. That death grip on the sides of my head is gone
and now I can listen to them for 6 hours straight without getting fatigued. I
highly recommend doing this if you experience the discomfort that I did.-Lastly,
I got a longer cable. There's nothing wrong with the stock cable other than it
is really short and I find that annoying, I like my cables to be somewhere
around 3 Meters long. Oh, and the connector is a right angle which makes NO
sense but that's not really a problem.Overall, I love these headphones with all
of my heart but it was a lot of work to get them to that level. They sound
amazing, they look super premium and I love the wood, and despite all the
necessary modding, at least are extremely easy to mod.Wait - one last thing -
the ear pads are glued on and that is obnoxious, but once you have your better
replacements on there, it hardly matters.EDIT:I also ended up taking out the
foam and replacing it with a very thin layer of spandex directly on the grill
and it's improved the sound quite a bit as well.
    Z reviews and DMS3 brought me to this purchase. They were spot on about the
sound...and unfortunately the build quality. Everything they said in their
reviews were accurate to the tee. If you can get past the uneasy feeling that
these could come apart anytime, these sound way better than any headphones I've
ever tried on. Also their a little heavy. but I can still use these all day. I'm
a gamer and I don't know if these are the "best" for gaming, but the sound stage
is pretty good so I can pinpoint footsteps very easily. These sound so good
though that I just prefer to have music playing in the background instead.BIG
DISCLAIMER: they need to be broken in. When I first got these they sounded quite
bad to be honest. After leaving them to play music for a while though they
sounded quite great. big difference after leaving them for about 4 hours.This
the point of view of an enthusiast. I'm no audiophile.
    Sounds amazing.  If you are used to common/cheaper headphones these will
feel fairly heavy.  They fit amazingly well and are very comfortable in all
other aspects.The outer grill/plate thing is glued on, it feels like it could
get pulled off if it got caught on something.  The ear muff pads also seem to be
(mostly?) glued in place and are not user replaceable.The cable, where it splits
to a Y is delicate.  After just a couple weeks, one ear now cuts out if twisted
or bent just wrong at that split.  Tied it in an ugly knot and it's fine.I'm
generally pretty careful with my stuff, I still wear the same Oakleys since 1998
for instance.  But these headphones really need to be babied to prevent issues.
    Hello all,To start, the Monoprice Monolith headphones are a great set of
cans. Studio recordings are incredibly clear and have a sense of vibrancy many
headphones in this price range can't dream of having. My issue, however with
these headphones is that the highs are a tad overdone. I will go into why I
believe this to be the case and hope that people will be able to suggest
solutions to my predicament.My listening experience is strictly orchestral and
choral recordings. Studio Jazz recordings will sometimes find a way into my
library, but that might be a once of week sort of thing. I use a Class A tube
state amp and the Dragonfly Black DAC. Both amp and DAC I realize are
introductory audiophile instruments but served me fine these past few months.
The unique issue with orchestral and choral recordings is the hall or
cathedral/church they are recorded in. The highs in these spaces soar playing a
predominant role in the soundstage leaving mids and bass subdued. Due to the
nature of these environments, recording artists attempt to compensate for the
blown out highs in the room and even mistakes done by the performers. It's a big
job, and they have a lot on their plate, but the fault perhaps falls on the
technology rather than the spaces and performers. In any case, my recordings
still have sopranos that oversaturate the soundstage, so I'm stuck meddling with
the EQ and purchasing products that prioritize warmth over anything else.When
the Monoliths are concerned I purchased them under the assumption that they
would provide a warm soundstage, but I was wrong. The sound doesn't envelope the
area as much as I would have wanted which is disappointing. With other
recordings, these cans sound phenomenal, and the clarity is astounding, but
having such a unique problem with such niche music leads me to search for
additional headphones. I have heard that changing out the pads might help with
the warmth so I might attempt to do that in the future, but until then I will
researching other sets accordingly.I hope this review helps.P.S. If you are
wondering what music to gauge how high the highs are blown out, try Tenebrae's
recording of Allegri's "Miserere Mei, Deus." A beautiful piece of music with a
notorious issue of blown out sopranos. If you don't know what I'm talking about,
give a listen, and you will find out why.
    These are the 2nd Gen..... Lots of issues fixedI'm not a hardcore audiophile
but I know the difference between terrible headphones and great headphones.
These are mighty good for the price. Are they perfect.... NO but for the price
they are better than perfect. Open Headphones with Planar Magnetic Drivers. Rich
Clean, Beautiful.  No complains about the sound. Of course if you are a noob are
you going to be able to drive these with your your phone. YES and NO. can you
hear the sound???  YUP! Can you hear the music to the fullest and experience
what these were built to do.  NO! get a DAC/AMP .... Build looks odd but is
comfortable. My only complaint is they get a little wonky sometimes when you
take them off the ears rotate too much causing you to get a minature puzzle
included with them when are attempting to put them up. Aside from that
everything else is fantastic
    I snagged these used here on Amazon for way lower than I expected.  I was
worried that they'd come in poor condition or heavily worn, but the only issue
was a cracked wooden ring on one side.  It's a blemish, but this is a known
issue in these.  I believe mine are the v2 ones, because the detachable cable
uses 2.5mm TS connectors.  Anyways, they sound great, and they sound better now
that I've modded them to have more open external grills and internal fazors.
Really though, that boosted up the quality maybe 10%-20% and they're already the
best headphones I've ever owned.  Beware though; these headphones got me
obsessed with music in a way I haven't been in the last 10 years.  The build
quality doesn't scream "luxury headphones" or anything, and the headband is
pretty cheap, but on the whole the use of metal and wood for the cans themselves
makes it feel about right for its price.  Are there better headphones?  Yes.
Can you beat the value for a pair of planar dynamic headphones if you catch them
at a good price?  I can't say for sure, but I think you'd be hard-pressed.Oh,
also, sound-quality wise... if you're a major basshead, this is probably not for
you.  The bass is robust and clear but it doesn't feel like it's exerting
pressure on your eardrums.  It doesn't have bass that you **feel** if that makes
sense.  But it'll bring out other details in the music that you never knew were
there, and the soundstage is nice and wide.9.4/10, would recommend.
    I received the item in a box that had clearly been opened. The other
products I had ordered and the larger amazon box were fine so it was clearly
shipped this way. After inspecting to make sure the wood was not cracked I
plugged them in to a Little Dot II for a listen. I was happy with the sound
until I moved my head and the right channel would cut out with barely any
motion. Before I started the RMA process I plugged in a cable I had bought for
my Hifiman   NEOMUSICIA Replacement Cable For Hifiman HE400S / HE-400I / HE560 /
HE-350 / HE1000 / HE1000 V2 headphone 3.5mm male & 6.35mm adapter to 2x 2.5mm
Jack Male Audio HIFI cord Black 3m/9ft    . This solved the issues.These are
outstanding headphones if you are willing to put in the work to get the full
potential out of them. Replacing the stock cable and pads as wells and adding
some 3d printed grilles and fazors and other mods these can compete with stuff
that costs 3 times as much even after the cost of the mods. I bought these
specifically to mod them. If you are not into all that and want some decent open
planars I would go with the Monolith M560s I also have them and enjoy them a
great deal and believe they have a much better build quality.
NEOMUSICIA Replacement Cable For Hifiman HE400S / HE-400I / HE560 / HE-350 /
HE1000 / HE1000 V2 headphone 3.5mm male & 6.35mm adapter to 2x 2.5mm Jack Male
Audio HIFI cord Black 3m/9ft
    These are exceptional headphones. I would say they have everything but the
music.The sound seems flat from top to bottom. It is clear and undistorted. The
bass is deep but not at all exaggerated. There is "space" between the
instruements which allows you hear all the details without distortion or
exaggeration.It's just that they don't FEEL musical. Maybe accuracy is kills the
magic? I am going to try another set of planar headphones (for twice the money)
but I think these are going back.Also, they are very heavy. Not uncomfortable in
design, but so heavy you are just kind of stuck sitting there. Feels like a
crown!This version is a revision and the problems noted last year have been
fixed.
    Pros:1- cheap "audiophile"  headphone2- easy to drive3- flat as earth sound
signature (if you remove damping foam otherwise a bit recessed treble)4- wide
soundstage5- good imaging6- amazing separation7- comfortable (except high
clamping force which can be fixed by stretching the metal headband)8- nice not
retarded cable9- huge ear pad cutsCons:1- flimsy build design2- i can't trust
wood as good durable material3- S sound can be harsh with some singers4- strong
clamping force5- huge carrying case
    Been using the headphones (unmodded) for around a week now. Using it with a
Magni 3 + Modi 2 and I'm very satisfied with the sound (when it works), praising
the same points already listed from reviews before me. Although I'm highly
considering doing the fuzzor mod as the 5k ringing was a lot more annoying than
I predicted it to be.Unfortunately I got a bad cable. I've had to spin it at a
certain degree and also tape the cable near the connecter at an angle to get the
sound to work, which even then will sometimes not work because the 3.5mm doesn't
quite connect properly to the 1/4th adapter, even though I hear it snap into
place. Lately I've had to put pressure on the 3.5mm into the 1/4th to get it to
work. At this point I'm questioning if I'm actually hearing what the headphones
are supposed to sound like or if I'm not hearing its actual sound. It's
frustrating but I'm gonna have to buy a custom cable.. if I even decide to keep
these.I would've liked to given this a 4.5 but welp, I got unlucky.
    I received the M1060 on August 20th and I use the headphones for 1 month
already. I use it with a tube amplifier Nobsound MS-10D. I purchased this
amplifier because I did not like my Sennheiser HD800S headphones on any solid
state amps. The M1060 sound good with solid state amps and with the tube amp
also, I could not tell much noticeable difference. I use with tube amp my
Sennheiser HD800S with classical music and Soundtracks only,and for that type of
music the best I ever heard. For other type of music I use Sennheiser HD600 and
other headphones.  All of them have dynamic drivers. I purchased the M1060
headphones for Movies but I tested in 1 month with music also. My main purpose
of purchase because I did not have headphones for Movies and I did not have
Planar Magnetic headphones until now. I did not want to spend 800 dollars for
LCD2 Classic until I heard a Planar Magnetic headphone. I read many opinions
about the M1060 and after all I decided I give a try. Built quality yes flimsy
and I have to handle with care. I handle with care all my headphones anyway so
that is okay with me. I use all my headphones at home and 1 of them closed back
, but the others are open back headphones. The M1060 very comfortable on my head
and  many times I used for more than 3 hours watching movies. I did not make any
modifications on my M1060 but I changed the cables because I did not like the
elbow shape 3.5mm jack connector at all. That is the only thing I changed. I was
curious how the treble sound on the M1060 because I never tested a Planar
Magnetic headphone before. I read many people make modifications on these
headphones and I seen it on YouTube also. I won't make any because I like how it
is. I don't hear any 5K ringing, probably that issue was fixed. This is the 2nd
generation M1060 what I have. In movies when people taking I don't hear harsh S
and Sh sounds at all , the highs are just right. The treble is very good and I
don't need more. Mid range is good I like it and the bass go deep but the amount
of the bass for me not enough so I had to turn the bass on my amplifier +4db for
my liking. At 0db for me the amount of bass not enough.  I am so glad the M1060
takes the +4db bass very well. With the 4db plus I enjoy the movies and the bass
does not leak in the mid range at all. The M1060 is a 50ohm 96db sensitivity
headphone. On my amplifier not as loud as the 300 ohm 104db sensitivity
Sennheiser HD800S or the Sennheiser HD600 what also 300 ohm. Both 300 ohm
Sennheiser headphones sound louder on my amp than the 50ohm M1060. I turn on the
volume when I use the M1060,no problem. I don't know other planar magnetic
headphones would need +4db bass for my taste or not but I love the M1060 on +4db
bass increase. If I would listen music and I wound not use the M1060 for movies
only , I would turn the bass on +2db only. My Sennheiser HD800S and HD600 don't
need the +4db bass but with movies I absolutely love the M1060 with the +4db
bass. After 1 month test I decided to keep the M1060 and I think for 280 dollars
very good.  I might get later on the Audeze LCD2 Classic for movies not sure
yet. If I order the LCD2 in the future and won't like it better, I will return
the LCD2 after I test it and stay with the M1060.  I almost forgot the sound
stage of the M1060.  Wide enough for me, but does not come close to the
Sennheiser HD800S. With tube amplifier HD800S listening Classical music and
Soundtracks. I never heard any other headphones would be as wide. The M1060
enough wide for movies my opinion
    I've had these for a few months now, and I can say they are the best sound
you can get at this price point.If you're new to planar magnetic, these are an
excellent introduction to PM sound.Build quailty: excellent. the frame is all
metal, the earpads are very soft leather-ish (?) .comfort: top notch. what sets
these apart in terms of comfort is their adjustability. they have  3 degrees of
rotation, so much so that you can completely invert the drivers. I can wear
these for hours with no discomfort, you don't notice them after a while.Sound:
Very good.  Impedance is pretty low, so you can drive these with a phone. Bass
response is relatively good for a PM; you won't get that over reaching
punchyness that you can from regular dynamic drivers. as with other PM i've
listened to, the outstanding clarity and real detail these effortlessly produce
is amazing. After listening to my first pair of PM ( the massdrop hifiman
he-4xx) i knew I couldn't go back to dynamic. And frankly,  actually just
listened to a pair of electrostats, and honestly, law of diminishing returns is
in full effect.  I'd stick with these, as they are worth every penny, where with
the more expense headphones, you start to wonder what more you're getting for
your money. answer, not much.Now, to be fair, these are not my go to cans when I
want to an unadulterated sonic experience: that I leave to the Hifiman Sundara.
But as I stated in that review, those are pretty uncomfortable, and when I will
be listening for more than a short while, I use these Monolith cans. 9/10 would
recommend.
    Right out of the box the M1060 don’t sound great. Although the headphone has
glorious imaging and sound staging, as well as powerful and good bass response,
the mid range is too congested and the treble is too shrill sounding which makes
for a very fatiguing listening experience.  But the good news is the M1060 have
potential and there is a simple and cost-effective cure for those on a budget by
way of using small strips of self-adhesive felt on all sides inside the ear
pads. This helps balance out the mids to a large degree and gets rid of most of
the ringing around 4-5 kHz. I also removed the thick foam from the outer ear
cups which further improved clarity and sound stage.If money is no issue, the
headphone can be further improved with Eikon pads from ZF. I have not tested the
Audeze Vegan pads that others have been using. But I cannot imagine they sound
better than the Eikons. There is no need for the self-adhesive tape method with
the ZF pads. The icing on the cake to further reduce ringing are 3-D printed
phasors over the transducers.  With these mods the M1060 does sound fantastic
especially for “old music” like jazz and blues.In addition, I find the cable
that comes with the headphone unacceptable. The cable connectors failed and
caused my Cavalli amp to go into safety mode due to an apparent short! So be
prepared having to spend even more money on upgrading the cable or simply
replace the cable’s connectors as the cable actually does sound good.Out of the
box I give the M1060 3 stars, 4 stars with the simple mod, and 5 stars with new
pads and phasor mod.I do like the M1060 with the mods. They do have character
and now sound like much more expensive planar headphones.
    Had to change to headphones while my main room with higher end sound
equipment was getting new carpet, new paint, etc.  I bought these headphones
because they resembled the eltrostatic qualities of my high end system.  At
first, I was using some other well known brand of headphones I bought a few
years ago.  Once I got these, they sounded much better. Once broken in, they
sound even more better.  I am running these these a relatively higher end
DAC/headphone amp from my computer, just to be clear.  I am very happy with
these, the sound quality it great.I did upgrade to the braided cable. After 50
hrs of break-in, they sound better.The other reviewers are correct, they are a
little flimsy, but I am gentle with them just as I am with all of my equipment.
These really deliver on sound!
    This very fun sound great for the price but the newer 1060c sounds
significantly better after you remove the wood to make them a open headphone.
The biggest upgrade is the base its so good and detailed and louder with out
sacrificing the midst and treble, the midsts are almost as good as the senheiser
650. Also it is the easiest to drive for the level of sound unlike senheiser you
need a decent little amp. Currently my favorite pair is m1060c open and
senheiser 58x that one is a bargain for what you get $130 with discount on
massdrop. I previously owen audeze lcd x it is to me almost the perfect
headphone its like a Ducati 1299 fast sexy adrenaline always at 100 and the
other two like a Harley Davison  its less of everything but they are more
comfortable and more fun for longer rides, i returned the audeze most of the
time i used the senheiser and $1000 for the audeze wich i verily used it wasn’t
worth at the moment the other two are good enough for the moment.
    Not a pleasent experiece out of the box.Left driver no sound. Jiggled the
2.5mm connect sound comes back on. Swapped the other 2.5 right cable and the
left side comes alive so the driver is fine.  Plugged the left labeled cable
into the right driver. No sound. Jiggled the left labeled cable and the sound
goes off and on. Looks like its a bad cable.Promptly got a refund.Time from
Amazon delivery to my doorstep from me filing an RMA for return <30minsThere is
a reason why these are are priced the way they are. THey obviously skipped on
Quality.
    These cans were an impulse buy. I like the sound of planar speakers so
thought I would like planar headphones too. I was not disappointed with these!
They sound incredible, especially for $300. Better than most "studio" quality
cans that I've used throughout my career. These are not for critical listening
IMHO because they do color the sound gently and are a little bright. But the
soundstaging and resolution are great. They are my new go-to pair for in the
office. Power needs are modest. I've driven them with everything from an SSL
console down to the new Pioneer DAP Santa brought me and they haven't
overwhelmed anything yet. They are comfy albeit heavy. I must have a second (or
later) generation set because I don't hear any 5K ringing that others have
mentioned and the build quality is great. Recommended!
    When I first got these, I was hyped but a little worried. They fit
comfortably BUT, they're waaaay too heavy. I mean, you look down for a split
second and they eject clean off your head. NOW, the huuuge problem. I had
noticed until too late, that apparently, the 2.5mm plug that was plugged into
the left can had actually cracked. This lead to, overtime, the plug corroding
and weakening the metal. So, when I adjusted the plug due to audio cutting out
on my left side, it snapped clean out, leaving the broken plug lodged inside the
can. Exceptionally let down. Would definitely NOT EVER recommend these to
literally anyone. Don't make my same mistake. And in case you do buy/own these
already, make sure if you buy a replacement cable to actually buy the right
size. I saw people answering questions saying the plugs for the headphones were
actually 3.5mm, but in reality they are 2.5mm.
    Mine came w open box and cord were missing. Not a big deal since Amazon's
return/replacement policy is very good.Sound is just amazing, my daily drivers
are Fostex TH900 and I haven't felt that M1060s were missing something.But
weight is 500gr, too much. Monoprice technology is awesome, I only wish
Monoprice develops something similar to drop desing on Hifiman X series or
MrSpeakers Aeon and under 400gr with similar sound to 1060. If that ever happens
this will top selling HP.Still 5 stars for sound.
    I've now had these m1060's for about 3 years now and haven't had any
problems with them despite the rough design.  The sound is worth way more than
the actual build, though I got the "fixed" version of them they still don't
exactly ooze quality.  Its mainly the headband Ive got a problem with, but again
for the price its more than worth it for the sound.  The only things I've done
to mine is take off the back plate and removed the foam behind.  Oh, and I've
also switched out the stock pads with Dekoni hybrids.  If I could somehow get
the Audeze head band put on these things they would be perfect for me. The stock
headband is literally the only things that's skimped out on when it comes to the
quality and comfort of this headphone.  And that's not really enough to stop
these from being comfortable.  These are great headphones, enough said.
    I bought these a few months ago. Before this, I don't think I'd ever even
tried on a pair of headphones that cost more than $100, so I'm definitely not an
audiophile who can write a poignant review of the technical merits of these
headphones, but I am a music fiend, and wanted to get a pair of headphones that
would allow me to hear every level of detail to my favorite tunes. Turns out
these were the right buy. These headphones arent perfect for me, but I'll take a
pair of headphones that straightforwardly invest in the parts that matter rather
than branding and hype any day. I'll just review the construction for the
average non-audiophile like me.The construction is pretty solid, I "tested"
(read: abused) them pretty well to find out. They have a few weak points, but
nothing that cant be addressed with some proper care and caution. First, dont
put any more stress on the R/L cord inputs than is necessary to plug/unplug
them, or the wood will crack at this location. Second, the main metal headband
connects with the semicircular metal bands of each earphone via a nut and bolt,
which are beautifully covered by some machined aluminum caps. These caps are not
fixed in place with adhesive, nor are the nuts locked into position with any
adhesive. I think they are lock nuts, but in my testing (abusing) of the
headphones construction, they each in time worked themselves loose, popped off
their aluminum caps, and eventually the nuts themselves popped off. Not to
worry, they are a standard size (M2.5 locknuts are what you want to replace them
with should you also feel the need to abuse your headphones to the point of
losing them), which can be found here on amazon for a small price.Another note
on the construction: because these headphones use a formed metal headband, it
acts as a spring and contorts the headphones into one of maybe two or three
positions. Some youtuber really bemoaned this point but its really no big deal.
Just turn the phones to face each other, and with a simple screw-cap type
twisting motion, they'll return to normal position and be ready to slide on your
head.Finally, you may want to replace the cord. While its nice and long (long
enough for six foot me to do silly things like set my phone on the ground while
i do yoga with ridiculously massive headphones on), after raveling and
unraveling it so many times, it eventually got so kinked as to be tangled 100%
of the time.If this is the only review you read, then you will miss a few other
key points of these headphones, which are that they can be modded in many ways
to cover any of the sound artifacts that serious audiophiles (which you may turn
into after getting these) dislike. As well, they can be fitted with different
earcups if you dont mind ripping off the ones already on there and adhering new
ones on.
    I know I depend on these reviews to help my buying decisions, so I’d like to
offer my review of the outstanding Monolith M1060. After trying several
different headphones, and coming away disappointed with the headphones-y sound;
boxy, lacking real soundstage, I gave the Monoliths a shot. My oh my am I glad I
did! The detail, expansiveness of the soundstage, and comfort of them is
ridiculous at this price. Very very highly recommended.
    These cans sound incredible. They appear to be a little ragged in their
construction at first, but after wearing them for a good twenty hours, they are
well constructed. The weight is no problem. Very comfortable. I own headphones
costing 3-4 times what these cost and the M1060s give them all a run for their
money. I love the planar technology.
    Simply amazing quality. You can hear god with these. These headphones will
get you the best bang for your buck and compete on a level playing field with
>1000$ headphones.
    I don't know, sound experience and musical enjoyment is very subjective. I
listened to a bunch of headphones and liked these the best. Maybe you will,
too.I like the aesthetics of the metal and wood. I wouldn't say they're flimsy,
but the metal is thin and the articulated ear cups allow them to get twisted
around if you're not careful. I'm assuming if you're buying big, expensive
headphones you're going to be careful with them. Be warned if you have a more
rugged use in mind, but for laying back in a big leather chair, sipping a
favored beverage and listening to music, they're pretty great.
    The sound quality is amazing, but only as good as your source.  These
headphones are brutal and unforgiving if using a low quality DAC and Amp.  I use
a Little Dot 1+ vacuum tube amp with assorted dacs depending.  The cups are deep
and thick, very comfortable to wear for several hours of listening.  This is a
great addition to my headphone collection.
    The headphone simply sounds worse than other 300 dollar offerings, the
midrange is really lackluster, and the treble is completely crazy, there's a
very weird ringing in 5k as well which there's nothing you can do about, the
bass is nice and well extended, especially for an open back headphone, but it
cannot save the rest of the headphone.
    I've seen a few good reviews of these headphones and I was curious to hear
planar magnetics so I bought a pair. Compared to my AKG K712 Pro's and
Sennheiser HD 650's these M1060's did not impress me at all. About the only
thing it beat them in was soundstage when playing games, although it was almost
unnaturally wide. Mids feel a bit too recessed, and oddly there was less bass
than both the K712's and HD 650's. Strange, because the bass is one of the
aspects that most of the reviews praised it for. For anyone wondering what setup
I tested these on, I tried a Schiit Magni 3/Modi Multibit stack, Micca Origen G2
and my Denon X1300W's headphone jack. I've seen all sorts of mods that
supposedly "fix" these headphones but I'm not willing to waste more time or
money on them.Build quality seems decent. The ear pads are very comfortable but
the headband would get painful after about 30 minutes. It's annoying how the
cups are freely spin around. The braided cable looks nice but it's way too
short.For some reason the clamshell case arrived with mold all over it. From
searching around on Google this seems to be a common issue.
    I was about to buy Sennheisers HD650 when I came across those - decided to
give them a try and I'm happy with my purchase.
    I bought Brainwavz XL micro suede pads for these and did the fuzzor mod. I
bought a better cable as well. Stock was a little dark and echoey, but with the
mods, treble and mids sound better, no more echo, and this headphone is a real
winner. I've owned DT880's, DT990's, HD600's, HD598's, MSR7's, SHP9500's,
SR850's, and now these. These are by far my favorite.
    man man, do these ground you if you dont have  a good source of audio, its
the kind of headphone that brings all the audio and put as it is, cant say for
now that they are great because for now im running them whit a phone:(, a shame
but they do still sound pretty good, cant imagine how great they will sound when
a get my DAP, be sure to have a solid soyrce of audio if not, dont bother im
being 100 % honest, they will show you how shit youre phone or computer sound is
haha
    After owning these 2 weeks, paired with their upgraded cord and a FIIO Q1
Mark 2, these things rock!!They are well broken in and sound great. I’m waiting
on a pair of balanced cables to really make the dac/amp power them.
    Got them for 200 used.  Put them against my only other headphones- t20rp
from fostex.  Returned the fostex.  M1060s are amazing in comparison.  Not much
experience otherwise yet.  Looking at the 1570s
    Like many I bought these because of Zeos. If you don't know who he is, he is
a well respected member of the audiophile community that reviews headphones. If
you have doubts just google search "zeos m1060", he'd probably answer all of
your questions in that video or any of his comments. Just bear in mind the
version of the M1060 he reviews are the other ones, There has been a quality
upgrade in the current revision of the m1060.Now as for my 2 cents, 300 bucks
might seem like a lot specially for headphones that are not beats or bose... or
any actual major headphone brand for that matter. Let me tell you this, the
moment you put them on you do not feel $300 worth in your head. You feel superb
comfort with those huge pads, clear FLAT sound that easily responds to EQ
changes if you wish to tweak them to your music preference, and most
importantly... Planar things.If you don't know what I'm talking about planar
headphones are a more modern approach to the headphone design, I'll spare you
the details but the jist of it is this: If you've only had dynamic headphones
(normal/mainstream headphones) this headphone will be COMPLETELY different to
anything that you've ever heard. I guarantee it.To sum things up, these
headphones are pretty good, there are better ones but for the price... you cant
beat these.
    Comparing these to my other high-end headphones, the now discontinued Denon
AH-D5000, these resolve more detail, have a larger soundstage, and better
separation. I can't say that they have "better" imaging - just "different"
imaging. I do get a more realistic sense that music is in the room with me than
with the Denons, so it might very well be better. They don't have the bass
extension, lushness, or fun factor of the AH-D5000, but you do get a sense that
they're technically "superior" headphones, whatever that means these days. Then
again, that's why a lot of us have multiple headphones.I did find that they're
much more sensitive to input sources than the Denons, which themselves sound
good enough on just about everything. I never felt the need to enable any Tube
emulation features, or bass boosters, or anything like that. However, on these,
adding Tube emulators and effects seems to improve the sound. Which is good,
because they sound a bit on the thin side without any adjustments.I didn't
notice any of the ringing or EQ issues that I'd read about, so either they're
not there, or I just can't hear them. I will say that you probably do need to do
some EQ adjustments, because they sound a bit thin at default settings.Overall,
a great value for the price.
    These headphones have a great sound but the quality of the build was a
disappointment to me. Everything about the ear pieces were way to loose for my
likings.
    I am worried about the longevity of the cable and the apparent proneness to
scuffs  but the M1060 is very comfortable and sounds amazing (put my HD 6xx to
shame, though I don't have a particularly impressive amp/DAC to drive them).
These sound great regardless of source. So far, it's hard to complain about any
Monoprice headphones.
    Incredible sound right out of the box.Nice bass and beautiful mids and
highs.Awesome price point.The chi fis are winning big time hear.No need to break
the  bank In order to get some good quality gear now.
    This set of headphones is the one you want,  if you know what good sound is
all about.They are very easy to drive.Its open, so, you can't go to the airport
and watch Jets take off and listen to it.Its not designed for mobility and you
need to baby it as the headband design is delicate.Sound-wise, it does
everything right. Its flat but its very dynamic and  very balanced.Sounds good
right out of the box, and gets better.Wonderful mids, extended but not harsh
treble, and the bass is responsive but not overpowering.Audeze, Hifiman, Shure,
Beoplay, AKG, BeyerD, .....many more.....ive owned them all.This headphone is
the endgame. It is a giant killer.If you can use a headphone amp and are not
glued to your Dac-Laptop or Dac-Phone, then go to Zzounds and buy theRupert Neve
RNHP and use it with this set of headphones. (flexpay)It's all you'll ever
need.As a matter of fact, once you have this and listen to it, you'll be happy
to Ebay all your other headphones and not care.Or you can keep them and let them
sit and watch you listen to the 1060s.The Monolith M1060, Its really that good.I
think that V2.0 is out.
    These headphones sound great, with nice bass and a good amount of detail.The
negative is the weight: the pads are very soft and comfortable, but, after a
while, you can really feel the weight in your neck (500 grams).These are my
first planar magnetic headphones and overall they seem to be doing a very good
job, delivering high fidelity sound without emphasizing on a particular
tonality.
    Absolutely bloody amazing. For how much they are, with a good amp they are
fantastic
    Don't like the twisty headband but a great sounding headphone.  Recommend
from an audiophile- me..
    I bought these as a gift for my son (after much research he picked them out
for himself) and he LOVES them!!!!
    They sound great, and I find them very easy to listen to. The only problem
for me is that they do get very uncomfortable if you have them on for an
extended period of time. The headband digs into my head after a while almost to
the point of being painful.
    Sound great--Feel good on head--Bought for under $200 .. I love them,Great
Sound,Great Price.....
    I love the sound so captivating , addictive, and premium.  On the downside
my headphone case was run through a dust bowl.
    Must have a revised version. Metal is smooth, no ringing. I'm happy, with
ZERO MODS.
    The sound is very good and the product was attractive.Received it July 14th
and was happy until November when the glue started coming lose and the leather
and headphones started falling off from the body.  Have not been able to get
anyone to contact me either by telephone or by email from the seller.
    These headphones with a POWERFUL amp such as a Emotiva A-100(jumpers in)
with a high end DAC will give Audeze, Abyss, Hifiman headphones a SERIOUS run
for their money. Buy these asap and save your money!
    These headphones are great headphones overall. The only other two headphones
that can compete with this thing are AKG k7xx, seinhieser hd6xx or the
audioquest Nighthawks. Seriously if you have the money buy these. I am alittle
bit crazy for bass and i do wish these gave me just a bit more but for 95% of
people there is more than enough.Build is ok. Not amazing but good just you have
to treat them like a vintage car. Constantly checking to see if everything is in
it's right place. Personally for me this has been constantly tightening down the
swivel for the right cup to the headband.Also they switched the inputs on the
headphones to 2.5mm not the old mmcx connectors thank God.
    can't describe how amazing these sound OMG OMG to good zero destortion even
at high levels and bass. so comfortable i forget i'm even wearing these badboys.
foam fits all the way around my whole ear so there's no fatiguing ear smashing
    excellence
    My first planer magnet.  Easily KO any pieces of earphones for pop music. I
am busy to revisit all my favorite collections for  complete different details
experience. What model should I go for next planer magnet headphone ?
    Using a FiiO A5 and an LGV30.  These are stupidly good for detail junkies
wanting to have fun listening to their music.
    I've mulled over purchasing a pair of the M1060's for a couple of months
now, reading through all of the reviews and complaints, as well as praises. I'll
start by saying, it is true that these are giant slayers, in my opinion much
better than the Audeze LCD-2's and they battle fairly well with the LCD-X's
(From my limited experience of borrowing those headphones, that is).As for the
usual review, let's start with the build quality.They're... "eh". They're very
comfortable, that is no issue at all, but the actual structure is lacking. I
have the second revision, so they fixed some issues; 2.5mm jacks instead of MMCX
connectors, rounded down the sharp edges on the backplate, fixed the headband
clips so the headband wouldn't fall out, gave a 6ft cable instead of a 4ft, and
treated the wood on the inside so it's less likely to splinter. But the metals
and plastics are thin, they have an incredible amount of flexibility and because
of this but I also feel as though they could swing off if I turn my head to the
side quick enough. And unfortunately, you cannot easily replace the pads as they
are glued on (not an issue for me, they're actually very comfortable pads).
Finding the L/R speakers can be a little annoying for some, to help out I'll say
the pads are slanted and the fatter side goes to the back of your ears.The
styling is... Well... Nice. Nothing too bad, you'd look a bit like a douche to
rock these in public, but they're very simple. The wood ring surrounding the
drivers is real wood, and the backplate is metal. Styling isn't really a forte
for these headphones, but who gives a s@#%? These aren't here to make you look
cool, they're made to extend your joy of music, and that is what I will talk
about...Now. The sound. This is why I'm able to look past any issues I've
mentioned above. This is why I've given 5 stars.The sound is; phenomenal,
absolutely beautiful, pure sex.They are warm and vibrant, plenty of low end to
be comfortable without being overbearing, highs a tad rolled off, but that only
enhances the warmth in my opinion. The mids are real, they are there and they
want to be noticed, they play excellently with acoustics, drums, and voices. The
soundstage, due to the open back design, is wide and open, sound seperation is
brilliant and everything is finished with beautiful clarity and imaging. They
have a punchiness to them that just works, and really makes drums and thumps
come alive.I am currently listening to Nils Frahm's "All Melody" album in FLAC,
with the IFI Black Label DAC/AMP, and music like this sparkles, really is
wonderful, though that's not to say they are amiss from any other genre. I
listen to everything; folk, metal, ambient, jazz, you name it, and it works with
everything.I've heard people speak of the 5k ringing, this isn't something I've
noticed. I don't know if it's fixed with the revision, or if it's just luck of
the draw, or if it's just going deaf.If you value critical listening and
enjoying your music to the fullest, these are a must have.
    These headphones are truly awesome. The headband material and yoke is
questionable, but if you handle carefully and take care of these guys they are a
definite need if you want to try planar magnetic headphones.
    Loving this so far!
    My thing has 5khz ringing too.
    I already own the HiFiMan HE650 planar magnetic cans ($899) so I'm familiar
with what good headphones sound like. I wanted to get a second pair for use at
work with a Shiit Fulla2 DAC, so thought I'd give these a try to save
money.Short review - they're *amazing*. Highly recommended !Longer review -
These headphones are a delight to listen to. Crystal-clear highs, deep resonant
bass. The included carrying case is appreciated and of good quality. They are
comfortable and lightweight to wear. The only minor issue if the ear-pads leave
my ears a little hot with extended wearing, but this is worth it for the sound.
And the sound is good, *really* good. I can't tell much of a difference between
these and the HiFiMan phones, which cost significantly more.If you like good
sound, you deserve to treat yourself with these.
    Great headphone. Well balanced sound signature with good bass.  No defects
on mine. Would recommend this.
    Planar planar planar its great!
    Since package arrive. I've Found a Crack on woodring. CS can't help anything
for this problem. It feeling bad for me.
    Vary good headphone.
    These headphones are something else... was watching the new Netflix
Cloverfield movie with these things on and I might as well been sitting in a
movie theater. Every explosion, door slam, bump, scream made me jump by how
accurate and loud it sounded.  I originally bought these for gaming and already
have a nice 5.2.2 system set up with a Onkyo tx-nr656 Dolby Atmos receiver...
but I now also use these for listening to music and movies / shows.  Extremely
pleased with these headphones and highly recommend them.
    Perfect as I expected. But don't wait for good built quality
    Worked good enough while I had them. Cable went out within a couple of
weeks, and as there are no replacement cables that aren't an arm and a leg I had
to return the whole set back just to get a new cable. It was then lost in the
mail. If you're rough on cables don't go for this unless you have cash to burn.
    Awesome headphones for the money. I had QC issues with mine. Sound better
than than HD650s, X1's, X2's. Only issue is the headband is slightly
uncomfortable after wearing for a while.
    I was searching for the right headphone and didn’t want to spend too much.
After going through several headphones I decided on this one. I’m not a
audiophile but to my ears these sounded way better than my HD650 in every way.
Wished  I could have bought it earlier.
    Excellent sounding planar headphones.  Comfortable with good adjustment.
Sound is accurate with a large soundstage. Sound quality versus price is
outstanding.
    These headphones are wonderful. But I have a larger than normal head and as
a consequence the headband applies the entire weight of the headphones to one
point on the top of my head. For me this caused mild headaches after about half
an hour of use. I tried using extra padding to alleviate this issue but it
didn't help. The headphones themselves sound amazing, but I wish the headband
distributed the weight of the headphones across the head more evenly.
    Received this product today. As soon as I pulled the plastic wrapping off
the box I found the contents to be covered in mold, I mean everything. While
contacting amazon to conduct a return I started to look a little deeper into
reviews for this product. I noticed that many reviewers stated the poor QC from
monolith and it got me wondering. Who builds a 300 headphone and doesn't even
bother to add the silica gel packets found in nearly every product on the
planet? Once I saw the mold and noticed the missing silica packs I didn't even
want to bother with the exchange Amazon was  processing. I called them back
deleted the order and went with the Hifiman Sundara for a bit more. Amazon did a
good job with the customer service, no issues there. Keep in mind, the m1060's
have been around for a bit now with somewhat good reviews regarding the sound. I
just believe you can also get good hardware to go with good sound when paying
these prices. In the back of my mind I truly regret not even being able to hear
them but as Gump said "stupid is as stupid does", and I would be a fool to have
kept these after the ones I opened and the reviews I read. Never buying Monolith
again until I see improved reviews concerning their quality control. Maybe they
sound great, I will never know but I'm not in the market to spend cash for
something that will not last.
    These are simply fantastic! Don't bother with the sub-$1,000 Hifimans or any
of the Sennheisers up to maybe the HD700s. Get these. Soooooo comfortable. Some
of the most comfortable I've ever tried, including the Sony MDRXB700s with their
pillow-pads. They're significantly heavier than those but that's because their
planars! I can't think of another headphone that's comparable in quality within
$500. People have complaints about the build quality but I didn't have them long
enough to see them. I bought and returned these only because I was comparing
them to my Audeze LCD-2s and honestly, I question that decision every time I see
them. LOVE the design as well! You'll definitely want a good amp, though.
    Just wanna say I love these head phones.They seem a little fragile but
doesn't matter to me because I take extreme care of my stuff.They are very
comfortable as well to me.
    I will write 2 headphone review here. Both burn in 48 hours before I use
them.Both from Monoprice, M560 and M1060M1060: A+ sound (not as good as TH-X00
nor HD600, but for the price of a Planar headphone, I have to give A+), C-
design and build quality. Only wear it twice and the leather head band broke
from metal bracket.M560  : A+ design and build quality, C- sound. Vocal OK, but
you can forget about the bass on this headphone. Even you turn the volume up all
you get is distortion sound.I mean, come on, Monoprice, really?Is it really so
hard to use the M560 design on M1060 ? Then we can have a wonderful, great,
perfect headphone.Please give us a M1060 MKII, please......
    A great product for the value set and most likely will take the 300-600
market as the king.  These things sound amazing for $300 headphones...which
makes sense since they are very close the LCD-2s but at a fraction of the cost.
Besides the few issues with QC which IMO are understandable in a company new to
the headphone space.  This is looking to be a very promising lineup.UPDATE:I
ended up returning them for a refund sadly.  One of the issues that plague these
is the headband straps mechanism for keeping it attached to the metal frame is
very poorly designed and keeps slipping out.  I escaped the wood cracking issues
and they sound amazing, but I will be waiting for the next batch that fixes
their design flaws and quality control problems.  I still recommend people
trying them out at least, they can always be returned, but damn do they sound
good.
    Just perfect
    Very comfortable ear pads. The sound is wonderful.
    It's not a new product.Fell for it.I can't reach you.
    My pair were ringing in the 4-5kHz region, unbearable. It wasn't apparent on
some tracks but clear as day on others. Returned immediately, no idea if it is a
QC issue or just the sound of the cans.
    Very underwhelming out of the box. I would have liked to know what they
sound like after a decent breaking in period, but the second time I used them
one of the channels went dead. It wasn't the cable, as I swapped the channels
and the same earpiece was dead. I then plugged in another set of headphones and
they worked fine. I then took the M1060s and tried them on another DAP, same
problem. Contacted Amazon and they're going back. I guess you do get what you
pay for.
    Great sound, cheap construction. They felt very fragile. The ear pads are
also glued on.
