    購入して3日で片方の細い部分が折れました。落としたわけでもないのに普通にプレイ中にパキッといきました！グリップ感はいいのに強度がなさすぎです。折れるとグ
リップはグラグラになりますが、プレイ出来ないこともないのでそのまま使ってます。捨てるのももったいないので、コントローラーに接着剤で取り付けようかと考えてます。細
い部分が折れなければ良い商品です。後日瞬間接着剤でガチガチに固定してやりました。グリップ半端ないです！固定してすぐにDSコントローラー右のアナログスティックが接
触不良か何かで動かなくなったので、やっちまったかな(分解出来ない！)って思ったんですけど、接点復活剤をアナログスティックの隙間に吹いてやったら、動く様になりまし
た。当分は使えそう
    2回目の購入。スカコンの∞4PS Proなら普通にハマります(裏面のザラザラオプションなしの状態にハマりました)以前のは純正に付けてて外すときに割れちゃ
ったのでしばらくつけてませんでしたが、スカコンを新調して再度購入しました良い点グリップはガチガチになって最高ですただのプラスティックかと思いきや表面はゴムっぽい
しっとりした手触りの素材ですあと見た目も気に入ってます注意点装着して外すと恐らく70パーくらいの確率で割れちゃうので2度と外さない覚悟でつけましょう
    こういう商品求めてたので発見した時は凄く嬉しかったです。ただ、他の人のレビューにもある通りRLボタンの所、割れます。簡単に割れます。最新の注意を払って付
けても割れます。そもそも私が購入したものはR1R2の周りの寸法がどう見ても寸足らずです。割れて外れるという事はありませんが、著しくぐらつきます。なので購入される
方は、割れても怒らない心構えのある方。割れた後の対処方法が浮かぶ方にオススメします。
    他の方のレビューで滑らない評価が多いので買ってみましたが、私には効果は感じられませんでした。普通に滑ります。値段の割に作りもチープで、耐久性も低そうで、
割高に感じます。これを買うなら、他のもっと安価なシリコンカバーの方が良いと思います。
    レビューで壊れるって書いてる人いますが、丁寧に取り扱えば全然壊れません。さぞ乱暴な扱いをしたのでしょう。コントローラーにつけるとサイズが少し大きくなるの
でエイムをする右側はつけませんでした。大きくなると違和感があって慣れるまで時間かかりそうでした。滑り止め効果は大きいです。合う人には合う良い商品です。
    無理矢理力を加えたり手荒に扱わなければ割れたりはしないです。(取り外す時も普通にゆっくり外せば特に割れたりしなかったです)ただ肝心のグリップ力がそこまで
なく普通に滑ります。
    手汗でコントローラーが滑るので購入致しました。付けた感じはとても握りやすく瞬時にAIM操作や視点操作が容易になりました。見た目も某高級コントローラーのよ
うで気に入ってます。ただ、グリップを外す時に慎重に取り外さないと細いプラスチックの部分が折れてしまいます。例え外す時はR1とR2を押し込みながら外した方が良いで
す ご注意ください。質が良かったので再購入致します
    この商品自体は星5ですが私が残念だと思いマイナス2したのはまあ一度取り外しする時です。R2L2R1L1にハマるところが細く取り外した時に両方とも割れまし
た。割れてしまうとガバガバになり使い道になりません。ですが、一度つけたら外さなかったら星5でした。もう一度買おうか迷っているくらいの商品です。参考にしてください
。
    ちょっと価格が高いけどとてもいい商品です。多分  、スカフとか使っている人も使うことできると思う。
    装着するとDUAL SHOCK４の印象がガラリと変わりました。取り付けも思った以上にシッカリしていて、簡単には外れません。握った際のグリップもバツグンで
すね。手のデカイ私には必須な商品になりそうです。
    グリップの感触が良くて握りやすいです。けれどトリガーの部分が細く、コントローラーに装着した状態で一度床に落としてしまい折れてゆるゆるになってしまいました
。とても悲しい
    グリップや安定感は良いのですが、R1ボタン上部に位置するパーツが細い造りの為非常に壊れやすい。取り外す際に細心の注意を払わなければすぐパッカンしちゃいま
す！私は両側壊れました。
    めっちゃいいです。最高です。が、まじでもろい。細いところが本当に折れやすすぎる。
    ボタン操作を邪魔しないカバーとしては最高峰ですね。ただ、コントローラー裏側しかカバーしきれてないのがもったいなさすぎる。せめてデュアルショック本体の滑り
止め(ザラザラしている部分)まではカバーしてほしかった。
    使ってみて手が大きい人が付けるとフィットすると思います思った以上に滑りませんし使いやすいです何度も取り外してると壊れるのでそこだけですあまり外さないほう
がいいと思います
新型ps4コントローラー(有線)に適しています。半年前までは無線コンで着けながらスタンド充電できなかったが有線なら気にならない。そして外すなら壊れることを決意。
    見た目良し、使い心地良し、耐久性悪し。細い部分に亀裂が入り、割れます。割れても使用は可能だがグリップ自体がすごく動いてしまうので使い物にならず。すごく良
いのだけれど、割とすぐに壊れてしまうため星３で・・・。
    グリップ部分は汗をかいても凸凹した表面処理の為、滑らず非常に快適なのですが、外す時に細い部分が割れてしまい使えない状態に‥。また買いたいのですが、値段が
高いのでまた割れたらと思うと躊躇してしまいます。よって星3ですね。
    使って1ヶ月程度で細い部分が割れたグリップは良いので両面テープで固定して使ってます耐久性がないのでおすすめは出来ない
    ぴったりはまり使い勝手もかなりよくなったので気に入っていますもう少し安ければ良いなーとは思いますが・・
    付けるのは簡単だけど外すのは少し難しいそして１回外すだけで壊れちゃいましたとてももろいですまぁ１回付けて2度と外さない人にはオススメですあと全然滑らない
ので本来の機能はしっかりとされてるのでその面ではよかったです
    細い部分が破損しやすいです
    R、Lボタンの細い部分がすぐ割れてグラグラになりました。リピート無しです。
    すぐ割れちゃいました
    パカッとはめるだけだ使える使いやすいグリップです掴み心地も良く滑りにくいので購入して正解でした。
    すごい持ちやすくなって、滑らない！コントローラーがとても使いやすくなりました！ヽ(^0^)ﾉ
    一度装着すると取り外しが難しく、外そうとしたら壊れてしまいました。使い心地は手にフィットしていて良かったです。
    この商品写真だとわかりずらいが、グリップを握る形にフィットするような凹凸整形されています。コントローラーのグリップが厚くなって握りやすくなるうえ、滑り止
め加工もしてあるのでグリップ力が増します。LRボタンやアナログスティックにも干渉しません。もちろん簡単には、外れませんし、プレイ中にずれることもありません。コン
トローラー全体を覆うシリコンカバーよりお勧めだと思います。
    使いやすいですよ。手が小さいですが握りやすくなって手汗かいてもヌルッとしなくなります。ただ、初めは握った時に若干違和感を感じます。これは慣れれば問題無い
です…他のレビューされた方にもあるように、R1.L1の手前にくる止め部分が細いため折れやすいです。私も折れました笑
これは瞬間接着剤つけて1日放置すれば直ります。力の入れ方によっては結構簡単に折れるので注意して使用すれば良い商品です。
    最初来た時は安っぽい感じがしましたが、非常に使いやすく、コントローラーがかっこよく仕上がります。無いのと有るのとでは握りやすさが全然違います。特に、シリ
コン？ゴム？のような吸い付くような感じが最高です。ホコリがペタペタ着くかと思いましたが、そんなことも無くとても満足しています。
    正直ガッカリだった、細いところがすぐ壊れた値段も高いし買う価値がわからんまあ買ってみたい人はどうぞ！
    Had the “grips” just over a month and the thin looping piece of plastic that
clips on around the shoulder buttons has snapped off. Read about this in
previous reviews and wrongly ignored them as I really liked the pattern on the
product. Don’t make my mistake, look elsewhere for a product with a quality
finish to it unlike this cheap plastic mould.
    rubbish, broke within half hour of using them, no good for intense play as
any slight twist will snap the thin plastic that wraps over the top triggers,
might as well throw £10 in the bin. Shame because if they were made with
stronger material they would be top notch.
    Thanks you for the fast response regarding my order.  The product is great
and i will buy another one for a friend. Thank you!!!
    Both grips break where it goes over the L1,R1 buttons in a few day's.
    Die negativen Bewertungen hier, kann ich nicht unbedingt nachvollziehen.
Vorweg muss ich erwähnen, dass ich ursprünglich Silikonhüllen für besseren Grip
& Griff getestet hatte. Jedoch tragen diese dann an den Kontakten zu dick auf,
so dass die Controller nicht mehr in die Ladestation einrasteten und somit nicht
geladen wurden. Ich suchte eine Alternative und fand diese Griffe hier. Sie
liegen super in der Hand, nach 20 Min. spannendem Egoshooter zocken, würde ich
fast sagen, sie kleben richtig, wenn sich Wärme an den Händen entwickelt. Jeder
Finger hat seine eigene Mulde - perfekt, dannach hatte ich gesucht und die
Ladekontakte liegen mittig frei.Das Anbringen war sehr einfach, die R-Tasten
sollte man dabei schon drücken, wie hier bereits erwähnt wurde. Ich habe jeweils
einen Streifen beidseitiges Klebeband vor dem Anbringen der Griffe in die Schale
geklebt. Nichts wackelt oder rutscht, sitzen bombenfest! Für ständiges An&Ab
mögen sie evtl.nicht geeignet sein, aber warum auch?Nach erfolgreichem Test,
habe ich nun ein zweites Paar bestellt, welches innerhalb von 12 Stunden im
Briefkasten war, Wahnsinn! Primekunde sein, zahlt sich meist doch aus!Bin rundum
zufrieden = ergibt 5 Sterne!
    Moin. AN DEN HERSTELLERPRO:- einfach ran klicken (können dabei aber schon
brechen)- TOP Grip( kein abrutschen mehr) und die Finger können in den
Fingermulden super abgelegt werden- Der Controller wird etwas breiter, dadurch
liegt er echt gut in den Händen, dadurch ermüden die Hände nicht mehr und sie
schmerzen überhaupt nicht mehr nach dem zocken (3-6 Std.)CONTRA: ICH HABE SIE
JETZT 3x BESTELLT.ABER SIE BRECHEN EINFACH ZU SCHNELL (SIEHE FOTOS). Beim
anlegen brechen sie. Dann wenn man zockt und etwas druck auf den Controller gibt
brechen sie. Also lieber Hersteller, bringt das ganze doch mal als Klebe-Pad
raus. Was sich unter den Controller kleben lässt und wie Tesa-stribs wieder
lösen kann wenn man möchte. MfGWeil sie so gut sind bestell ich sie ein letztes
mal und dann geb ich auf!!!! MfG
    Habe mir die Dinger gekauft da ich große Hände habe und mir der Controller
nach einer weile zocken immer aus den Händen gleiten wollte, habe es schon mit
Silikonüberzieher probiert, hat aber auch nicht viel gebracht, zwischenzeitlich
hab ich mir sogar ein Controller von einem alternativen Hersteller gekauft (der
ist mir aber auch zu klein) nun gut wollte mich jetzt nicht ganz von den
schlechten Bewertungen hier abschrecken lassen und dachte mir testen kannst du
sie ja mal.Und siehe da, geil meine Finger haben endlich was in der Hand das sie
nicht permanent abstoßen will 👍Die überziehen haben hinten eine silikonschicht
die ehrlich gesagt nicht besonders griffig ist aaaaber sie hat Mulden für die
Finger ausgebildet!!! Und das macht den entscheidenden Unterschied zudem bildet
die Überzugsschale eine kante die zusätzlichen Halt für den Mittel und
Ringfinger bietet (zumindest bei meinen Pranken), was soll ich sagen ich habe
jetzt nicht mehr ein geölten vibrator in der Hand der mir ständig aus der Hand
gleiten will sondern ein Controller.Die Passform ist bei mir auch nahezu
perfekt, minimalstes verschieben ist möglich was aber nicht stört bzw gar nicht
auffällt. Was eher problematisch ist, sind die oberen Stege, die sind doch sehr
dünn, da ist Vorsicht beim anbringen gefragt!!! Als Tipp kann ich sagen, drückt
die Tasten mit der anderen Hand ganz runter wenn ihr mit dem Steg düber wollt.
Abnehmen würde ich sie gar nicht mehr. Zu bedenken ist auch das man sich unter
Kontrolle haben sollte, denn die Dinger machen bestimmt kein Ausflug an die Wand
oder Boden mit, wenn man aus Wut sie da hin samt Controller befördert. Dazu sind
die Stege zu Filigran!!!
    Habe erst bedenken gehabt das, wie hier in den Rezensionen, die Dinger
gleich beim ersten mal anbringen kaputt gehen könnten. Klar ist das Material an
der Stelle von den schulterknöpfen anfällig fürs brechen, aber wenn man
vorsichtig ist beim anbringen, dann kann nix passieren, ich bin zufrieden. Etwas
Klebeband als grip innen in die schalen geklebt, damit nix verrutscht, und top.
Mir gefallen sie. Wenn man die nicht regelmäßig ab und wieder dran packt,
bleiben sie auch heile denke ich ;) grüße
    Die Griffstücke sind ansonsten eigentlich gut. Durch ihre Struktur liegen
sie gut in der Hand. Aber jetzt kommt das Manko.Nach mehreren Tagen brechen die
oberen dünnen Stege auseinander. Dadurch wackeln sie an den Grifftücken und man
hat kein gutes Geführ mehr. Ich dachte erst das es vielleicht ein Materialfehler
wäre, und bestellte mir ein weiteres Paar. Musste aber feststellen,das es nach
mehreren Tagen wieder geschah. Allso solte sich der Hersteller mal ein paar
Gedanken machen.
    Artikel wie beschrieben, der bricht schnell.Musste es für mein Sohn erneut
bestellen; dies ging ebenfalls schnell kaputt. Jetzt habe ich erneut einen neuen
bestellt und siehe da, der ist wieder kaputt gegangen. Dachte es liegt an mein
Sohn, aber das Material ist schnell zerbrechlich.
    il prodotto onestamente non mi ha soddisfatto dopo un pò di gioco inizia a
muoversi sull'impugnatura del joypad, ma comunque è una sensazione soggettiva
    Sitz nicht stramm genug und das beste war das der rechte bügel über r1 bei
der zweiten montage schon gebrochen ist.Verarbeitung ist auch katastrophal es
sei denn man finded es geil sich mit dem scharfen kannten den Controller zu
zerkratzten!!!
    Passgenau, passt top, griffig, leider bricht der Bügel über der L und R
Taste regelmäßig und das bei allen 4 packs die ich bestellt habe
    Ist mach kurzer Zeit gebrochen sehr schadeKauft euch lieber eine komplette
grip Schale auch wennmann den Kontrolleur dann auf machen muss hält es definitiv
länger
    geht garnicht!! Habe die Dinger gebraucht wie neu bestellt. darunter
verstehe ich persönlich nicht defekt .ausgepackt und genau an den ,wie hier
schon beschriebenen stellen ,gebrochen.wenn man die Dinger auf den Controller
steckt ist ab der Bruchteile noch n mm Platz.einfach nur schrott
    Bought 2 sets and every one broke at the top near l1 r1 where it holds.
Plastic was too weak and cracked.
    Great product. Will purchase again AAA++++
    Mein Sohn hat es bekommen und rangemacht, die rechte Seite ist gleich
gebrochen, weil es falsch geformt war, das es gar nicht halten konnte.
    Dank der Schalen liegt der Controller besser in der Hand und fühlt sich
griffiger an.Beim Anbringen ist jedoch Vorsichtig gefragt, am oberen Steg sind
sie anfällig.
    Habe sie bestellt, da mein Bruder sie unbedingt haben wollte und er ist sehr
zufrieden und begeistert. Kam 3 Tage früher an.
    Se escurren un poco del mando
    poor design! broke where not even within 24hrs where the the thin piece of
plastic go's over the L1&R1 triggers. NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL!!!!
    Hace su función muy bien y es muy cómodo jugar, pero al recibir una caída
del sofá al suelo se partieron ambos por la parte de los LR y me decepcionó
mucho su resistencia
    Not recommended broke on me the first day ! Very weak supporter such a shame
the handling was very comfortable tho but it's weak. 1/10 don't buy it
    Todo bien
    Finger weg!!!! Brechen beim hin machen oben an der dünnsten Stelle!!!
    Le produit est très très fragile, ce casse au niveau du L2 et R2Dommage
puisque la prise en main était bonneLe 2 ème que j'achète et finalement le même
problème.
    Applicato con cura,dopo 2 giorni di utilizzo si è rotto il grip destro nella
parte della giuntura superiore. Fortemente sconsigliato.
    nach 3 tagen ist er gebrochen
    Passt super aber nach 2 - 3 mal ab und dran machen sind sie schon am Rand
gerissen.
    Das Produkt ist bei mir bereits beim montieren zerbochen, qualitativ
minderwertig.
    Broke right away but i expected it from other reviews so im just gonna super
glue them on
    ich bin enteuscht
    Wie auf dem Kunden Bild sind auch bei meinen 4 griffen die Bügel gebrochen
nach nicht mal 2 Tagen.Habe sie dann so angepasst das sie eine gute Form haben
und zum Gehäuse passen und doppelseitiges Klebeband rein gemacht das hält super
kann man zur Not auch weg machenDie Dinger sind ansonsten super1 Stern für die
Qualität .5 Sterne für das Spiel Gefühl .Hersteller Bitte überarbeiten !!!
    Die bisherigen Gummi Aufsätze die ich hatte waren leider nie wirklich gut
oder haben sich nicht rückstandslos entfernen lassen.Diese Grip Aufsätze sind
die ersten die mir gefallen.Kinderleicht abnehmbar und angenehm an den Händen.
    Basura.... Ninguna resistencia a los golpes, mala calidad relación precio,
no se sujeta bien al mando,  acumula suciedad en los bordes y eso en tan solo
unas horas de uso, no lo recomiendo en absoluto.....
    Kauft es nicht wirklich 1 abgemacht und schon sind sie gerissen der
Controller ist auch nicht runtergefallen Bitte nicht kaufen
    Ich habe mir die Skidproof bestellt um besser zu aimen zu können so wie ein
scuf zum selber bauen...Die Gam3Gear kommen am Donnerstag an alles gut bis dahin
als ich sie an dem Controller befestigt hab war ich sehr zufrieden aber als ich
das skidproof am abend einmal abmachen wollte war schon ein riss drin.... Mir is
der Controller nicht herunter gefallen oder sonstiges und das kostet 10€.... :(
    I read the reviews about being easily broken but I figured I'm always
careful with my controllers so I should be ok. Then my cat knocked my controller
off my desk. Onto carpet. And here I am 10 days later with two broken grips.
Exactly how others pictured them. I'd try to exchange them or something but they
barely gripped anyway. The material on the back is sort of grippy but mostly
just hard. I think they tried to make it all just a little too thin. It's too
bad, I had really high hopes for these. Not much is compatible with a Scuf (I
won this one in a giveaway and didn't get to pick having the grip).
    Unfortunately they broke within the first week of use. Otherwise they were
nearly exactly what I wanted. I may still superglue them to the controller, but
I haven't decided. My hands were actually quite sweaty while using  them, which
is not the norm. Size and shape were nearly perfect and they fit on the
coontroller with a nice snap. If they had a foam pad to reduce heat/sweat and
were a bit more durable they would be exactly what I was hoping for.
    Waste of Money!  Both broke during first use!  Very disappointed!  They are
nice feeling grips but the thin molded plastic ring that fits around the
triggers & bumpers are so flimsy!  The idea of them being clip-ons is great, the
grooves feel nice, but my pair broke at first use!!!
    The good; These grips are comfortable and fit nicely over the "legs" of the
controller.The bad; as many have said (and I sadly missed) they break far to
easily. I got maybe 3 days use before they broke.Suggestion; I suspect that
those little glue dots might keep it from sliding enough to break. So if you're
looking for a non-silicone controller grip and want to try these (because they
are quite comfortable) get those glue dots and use at least a couple per grip.
    Great feeling product and gives you extra grip. However, like other reviews
have noted, the thin plastic that attached the grips by the top bumpers breaks.
Mine lasted a couple months with only a few hours of  weekend use.
    I've bought two pair of these grips and they feel great but are made kinda
cheap. I saw some reviews where people said the thin plastic piece a the top
broke very easy, which is true. I had a pair break just from removing it. I had
the grips on my controller for over a month and the one time I decide to remove
the grips, they break. Just make sure to be careful and the grips should last a
while.
    good grips for the ps4 contoller. Doesn't help much if you have sweaty
hands.  But the grips are better than the plan controllers backing.  The top of
the grips are thin and can break easily. A piece of double sided tape helps. I
have them on 2 controllers and my brother like them so I got him a pair.
    Amazing till it broke, at least I got a refund after returning it. If they
make a stronger one that does not break, I will order that version because it
was an awesome product till it broke.
    Broke after 3 days use the plastic is not strong enough for any amount of
resistance. Almost thought to glue these on my controller. They should
redevelope the grip design to either cover the entire controller minus the thin
plastic around the triggers or use a diff material.
    These both broke when it slipped off of our 2.5 ft coffee table onto a desk
chair leg. VERY disappointed in the quality. Wish I'd read reviews more. Others
have posted pics of the thinner back piece broken which is EXACTLY what happened
to both of our grips. We only had these a shirt time too.
    I received the Gam3Gear grips for my PS4 controller on Dec 3rd 2016.  I
really looked forward to using the grips as the controller was always slippery
for me to hold.  The grips installed easily and felt very comfortable though
they did make the controller feel oversized.  The grips certainly solved the
problem of the controller slipping in my hand and I was very satisfied with them
until they both broke on Dec 20th.  I tend to hold my controller a little tight
but don't squeeze the crap out of it.  The grips appear to have a design flaw in
the ring part that clips over the trigger buttons (L1,L2 and R1,R2).  The
uppermost part of the ring is barley 1/8" wide and 1/16" thick and made of
easily breakable plastic.  For the over $12 price tag I would expect something a
little more durable.
    Delivered Wednesday, broke Thursday. Doesn’t stick to the controller well,
easy to twist. When taken off, they break easily. I have a leather reclining
chair, and they slid as if nothing was there. Cheap plastic s***, definitely NOT
worth the $15+ I spent for them. Returning them tomorrow.
    Sure itll break quick but you know what breaks? The tiny pieces of plastic
that go around the triggers. And ya know what? It makes them 100× easier to take
them on and off and it doesn't affect how well they stay on. These are really
comfortable too I have a pair for all of my controllers because I hate the
silicon grips that people offer. Will buy again
    They fit the control very well but after having them for about six months
the thin  plastic broke
    The grips aren't that good.  They're decent. But it broke within 2 days. The
thin plastic part can break so easily. I wouldn't recommend them. AND THEY CAN
NOT REFUND YOU ANY MONEY OR REPLACE THEIR PRODUCT OF
    Easy to put on, great grip and look awesome! My custom controller is now
complete. Any serious gamer needs these.
    I would get a gel cover instead, these broke in a month.
    Had bought a pair originally and then after 4 months of using them they had
become a bit lose on the hand grips and eventually broke. Just bought a new pair
and didn't have them for 3 days, wasn't gripping the controller hard or wiggling
the pieces on the controller and they had snapped.
    Broke as soon as I put it on. Thin plastic at the top was to sensitive and
stiff to mount on the controller. Had to melt in back together just so I didn't
completely waste my money.
    The plastic is extremely thin and fragile
    kids liked them.
    Fit perfect Thank you
    Not rely durable. Cracked within 2 months
    Super easy to break.
    Great item but breaks easy
    Broke 4 days after using. Terrible design. Extremely thin by the L1R1
buttons.
    It broke after a feed uses and let me a splinter
    As many others, broken within hours of use. Was not dropped or even removed,
just a hand adjustment and POP. Don't waste your money!
    They work really good but do not try to take them off aggressively cause
they can break
    Fits perfectly on my SCUF PS4 controller
    Broke to easily
    Broke in package
    Comfortable, light. However the plastic seems very cheap and seems like it
would break easy. This is a purchase I would not have made in person. Looked
good online but when I received mine and was going to put them on, the right
grip was cracked by the R1 R2 button I hope I can exchange product.
    Dude These Fit Like A Glove I Loved Them They're The Closest Grips To
Feeling Like Scufs Military Grade Grip I've Used! Just Need Magnetic Thumbs
ticks And Paddles Now!
