    バランス接続するより純正ケーブルで充分私はこの音が大好き40、50まして80でもなくこの30これが一番聴いて落ち着くんです高音無駄に響かせて「解像度(意
味不明)」を演出するゴミや多ドラで販売価格吊り上げる自称高級機に惑わされることがないようご自身の耳を信じましょう
    最初は解像度も感じられないザラザラとした音でした。しかし、1年たった今では音が違います。例えるなら高級ラジオです。情報量が多く解像度も高いですが、透き通
るような音ではないです。でも声の生々しさやギターの弦を弾く音が非常にリアルです。殻割れをおこしてしまったのはいただけないですが、音の良さは1baとは思えません。
エージングをする程に化けるイヤホンだと感じました。
    本当はShureのSE535LTD、UM Pro50が欲しかったが、（音で言うとWestoneの音よりSE535LTDの方がスッキリした音で好み。）9月
頭のタイムセールで安くなっていたため生じた金額差に魅力を感じUM Pro30に飛びつきました。当初届いたイヤホンは音の途切れとノイズが酷く、接続し直したりイヤホ
ンジャックを清掃してみたものの改善されなかったため、交換して頂いき、使用しています。今回使用をしているものも通勤20分ほどの間に一度だけ音の途切れが生じたが、前
のものほど酷くなかったし、DAP（多分ウォークマンA20シリーズ）による相性もあるのかな、とDAPの交換も考えていたところだし、とりあえずは使用を続けようと思っ
ているところです。（また交換や返金という手段がとりにくいというのもある；）前置きが長くなりましたが、イヤホンはあまり詳しくはありません。そのことをご理解の上、レ
ビューを見てやってください。【装着した感じ】装着感はShureの方が上に思います。ただ、付属のイヤーピースが多いので、Shureと同等までとはいかなくても、満足
は十分できます。遮音性でもShureの勝ち。しかし、遮音性も気になるほど悪いわけではなく、私は通勤時等も使用しますので車の音も音がない時には聞こえますので、むし
ろ私の用途で言えば評価できる点とも言えます。音漏れについてはわかりません。【音】中低域が強い。購入前にeイヤホンにて視聴したのですが、その際は当初記載の通り、S
E535LTDもしくはUM Pro50を考えていたのでUM
Pro30を試していなかったので、届いて最初に聴いた時には少し残念に感じたのは本音です。私の印象ではSE535LTDはスッキリした音で高音も好み。UM Pro5
0は暖かい音、SE535LTDより煌びやか。とくに高音がキラキラしてる感じ。音同士が脳内で離れている。という点がほしいポイントでした。（この時どちらにするか決め
られなかった）UM Pro30もそれに近い音だろうなと勝手に想像していました。で、UM Pro30を上記のように私なりのわかりにくい（笑）言葉で表すなら金属製の
管の中で演奏しているようです。少しこもって聴こえ、音も少し反響しすぎというか少し不自然な味付けをされているように思います。それによって音が一続きというか、波がな
く平坦な音に聴こえてしまう印象を持つ曲（というか音）もあります。（それが本来なのかも、しれません）しかし、もちろんこのイヤホンで初めて見つけた音があるのも確かで
す。まだ少ししか使用していませんが、私がよく聴く中で向いていると感じた歌手はジュディマリかな？向いていないのは水樹奈々です。（もちろん、曲ごとに差もあると思いま
す）【ケーブル】細くてやわらかいです。取り回しはGood！タッチノイズは少ないですが、歩いているとイヤホンの分岐点の部品がボタンにあたりカッチカッチ・・・という
のはあります（笑）ほとんどの場合、気になるほどではないかと。【付属品】先に書いた通り、多くのイヤーピースが付属しています。また、ケースもついています・・・が、個
人的にはこれは使いにくい。結構かっちりしていますが、少し油断したらケーブルを噛みそうになります。ケースは別で購入しようと考えています。【総評】SE535LTD、
UM Pro50が欲しかったというレビューになってしまった感も少しあります。しかし、タイムセールで33000円弱で買ったことを考えると先に述べた二点は倍近い価格
がすることを考えるとこれで良かったのだとも思えます。金額を取るか、好みの音をとるかは個人の問題ですね。交換して頂く前のもの、そして交換後のものとまだ2日ほど、計
1時間ほどしか使用していませんので、今後の期待も込めて星4としたいと思います。このイヤホンで耳がより肥えることを期待！
    シュアーの425も持ってるので、比較しますと。シュアーは本当の意味でのモニターて、リケーブルなんかでの変化は驚くほどです。pro20は、噂通りに中低域重
視の個性的な音作りでした。スタジオ録音盤が、ライブ盤のように、生き生き再生され、聞いてて楽しいですね。据え置きオーディオぽいです。ただし、録音が悪いライブ盤なん
かは、低域ブカブカになったりします。どちらも素晴らしいイアフォンですが。人に勧めるならシュアーかなあ
    デザインだけで選んだ音楽も詳しくないただの一般人からのレビューなので参考にならないと思いますが、曲を聴いていたらここにこんなピアノの音あったんだ！？ギタ
ー部分こんな音多かったんだ！ボーカルの声めっちゃ聞こえる！ハモりが聞こえるぞ！っていう感じですっごいテンション上がりました。今まで1000円〜3000円程度のイ
ヤホンで雑に音楽を聴いていたのですがオーディオにこだわる人の気持ちが良く分かりました・・・！楽曲を聴いていてすごく楽しいです。ただ今まで聞こえなかった音が聞こえ
るようになるので少し違和感。すぐに慣れると思いますけど不満点は買った後にアマゾンでクーポンが出ていたことですね・・・早く手に入ったと思えば良いか・・・。それと耳
に収まりは良いんですけど人によってはイヤーピースちょっとだけ着けづらいかな？他のメーカーのものを試してみてもいいかも。初めての万越えイヤホンなので壊さないように
慎重に使用しつつ楽しい音楽ライフを過ごそうと思います！
    買った後に付属のイヤーピース全部試して聞いてみても音は後味のないスカスカ感たっぷりだった為すぐにメルカリに出品したが、他社のイヤピースで試してみたらボー
カルの声は一気に分厚くとなり、低音もしっかり鳴るようになったので出品をキャンセルした。今は非常に満足してる。
    初Westoneとなります。これまではUE Super.fi 3 Studio→SHURE SE425と使ってきたので、それらの印象との比較になります。
付属のイヤーピースは使わずに、SHUREのトリプルフランジを取り付けて使っています。解像度はそれほど高いわけではなく、ハッキリ
クッキリではないですが、嫌な感じはなくて出音のバランスが良いと感じました。
    シングルBAということで音が薄く低音も足りないのかと思いきや割と低音が出ていて、目的としていた中音域もはっきり聴こえてきたので満足です。音の情報量という
か複雑さはあまり感じません。全体的にウォームな音なのでキラキラな高音域を求める人にはオススメできません。装着感はとてもいいですがリケーブル推奨、外音も結構聴こえ
てくるので用途を選ぶかもしれません。
    様々なイヤホンを試しましたがwestoneの音作りが自分には一番合っていると感じました！Westoneの暖かい音作りが今回のUmpro
30にも受け継がれています！装着感や音などを詳しくレビューしていきます！【装着感】僕の耳にはしっかりとフィットします。ただ前の世代のUmpro 30と比べて筐体
が少し大きいので耳の小さい人は少しキツイかも？遮音性はかなりある方で個人的にはSHUREのイヤホンレベルはあると思います。【音】中音域が前に出ます！女性ボーカル
、ボーカロイド等の声が脳内に響き渡ります！それでいてキックやドラムの音もダイナミック型よりキレがありボーカルを邪魔しない程度に鳴ってくれます。高音域もかなり感度
が高く安価なイヤホンでは再現できなかった部分まで表現してくれます。高音部分のハイハットやシンバルの刺さりは全く無く全体的に温かい音です！【総評】価格はエントリー
モデルに比べて少々値が張りますが買って損は無い音だと思います！
    良いんです。良いんですが流石はwestoneさん。音の味付けからして「モニターです！」とキッパリ割り切った仕様。お仕事道具として使うならベストバイ。でも
リスニング用途でイヤモニ買うならやっぱり競合SHUREさんのSE846ですね。
    聞く音楽としてはボーカル主体の曲やクラッシクなどの落ち着いた曲などはおすすめだが低音はそれほど多くないのでアニソン系や低音が響くような曲は合わないと感じ
ました。しかし装着したときの遮音性は悪くないしなにより1baなのでとても重量が軽いので長時間つけてても痛くならいのが良かったです。amazonでの購入が一番安か
ったので低音の強調したイヤホンではなくストレートにクリアな音で聞きたいのであればおすすめできるイヤホンだと思います。
    nuarlのn60を使っていたが、アマゾンで偶然見つけたkzのzsnの音質がn60より良く、音質を求めるなら、やはり有線なのだと再確認し、音質の良さそう
な有線イヤホンねーかなーと探していたら、このイヤホンをアマゾンで見つけたので購入してみた。購入した直後は、音全体が曇って聞こえたが、購入して一週間経った現在は、
高音に迫力がでて音全体の曇りもなくなった思う。低音については、高音、中音との兼ね合いで迫力が物足りないかなーと思う。とりあえず比べるまでもないがzsnより音質が
良くて安心しました。
    このイヤホンは知っての通りモニター用のイヤホンである。そのため、装着感は良好で、音質もフラットだ。そして、なんといってもこのイヤホンの最大の長所は、声の
表現力だろう。これに限れば、3-5万円クラスのものと遜色ないくらいだ。周りとはひと味違うプロの声を聴きたい人に是非おすすめしたい。
    指定の方法で返品したところ使用感ありのため返品不可商品の返送もなく、返金もなし。一体自分は何を買わされたのでしょう。最悪です。
    付属のパッドが外れやすかったので他社のパッドを使て使用しております、音はクリアーで良い商品ですね。
    se215をはじめ、中華イヤホンなどいろいろ聞いてきました。このイヤホン、なんといってもボーカルが映える！楽器の迫力はさほどないからか一層よく聞こえる。
これに似た音は聞いたことなかったので新鮮で面白かった。小さく軽く装着感はとてもいい。遮音性はまあまあ高いほう。
    SE530をはじめて使った時の感動を思い出しました。今のところSE530よりもう少しキラキラしているように感じますが、使って熟れてどうなるのか楽しみです
。最近の物は断線の不安が無いのが良いですね。
    同じ２ドライバのAMも持っていますが、どちらも素晴らしいです。自分はバンド（ライブ）でイヤモニとして使ってますが会場に応じて使い分けしています。両方持っ
ていて損はないです。
    他社製品と比べても、ミドルクラスの中ではコスパがかなり良いと思います。イヤーピースはコンプライに変えました。
    気に入った所　音質は良いがER4SRに比べてはいけないのだが、こもった感じになる気に入らない所　すぐに分解する…。何度か接着剤で補修したが直らない
    中低域寄りなフラットバランスだと思います。
タイムセールで購入したのですが、使っているとシェルが分離します。外れたときにMMCX端子周辺に負荷がかかりドライバ部分と接続している細いケーブルが断線しました。
    購入してからずっと右側のイヤホンの調子が悪くプツプツなること(恐らく初期不良)、少し高音の刺さりが気になることを除けばこの値段だと満足のいく音質です。非
常にバランスが取れていて聴き疲れしないのでオススメできます。
    聴いているだけなのに、購入して5日ほどでイヤーピースをつける部分が取れた
。音もあまり音質が良いとは思えない。（いつもダイナミックの低音重視のおとばかり聴いてるせいかもしれない。）
    今まで使っていたShureのイヤホンは、女性には大きく、長時間の使用が難しかったのですが、このモデルは薄くて軽いので、とても感動しました!!!音もよく、
デザインもよく、使いやすいです。
    音はいい。耐久性は前モデルよりは確実によくなっている
    すごい音がクリアに聞こえて最高！電車とかで音量ガンガンにしても音漏れしない！
    いい
    シリーズの中ではちょうど真ん中のランクのようで手に取りやすい良いイヤホン。プロ仕様ではありますが、日々の音楽を聞く生活がより良いものになります。音質が良
いと聞いていても楽しいですね。ずっしりとした低音から高音まで幅広く広がっていく感じです。聞いていてとてもエッジのたった、キレのある感覚といえばよいのでしょうか。
スケルトンのデザインはまるで人造人間キカイダーのようでかっこいい。持っていてちょっと嬉しくなる。うねりのあるコードは日々持ち歩く上で絡まりづらいような気が。音楽
を楽しむちょっとした贅沢に良いイヤホンではないでしょうか。
    UM PRO 10を開けてすぐの感想です。今までShurのSE215を使っていてそれが断線したのでWestoneのイヤホンを初めて購入しましたが、非常に
軽く、それでいてケーブルもしなやかで装着感がいい。音に関しては分解能力、解像度はSE215に比べると劣りますが、暖かみがある音です。まとめると、SE215の音か
ら低音を強化してその代わりに中高域を少し弱くした柔らかい音です。独自開発のイヤーピースもつけ心地がよく、遮音性も高いです。次Westoneを買う時はUM PRO
30ぐらいにしようと思います。全てを総評し、星５とさせていただきます。
    UEの10proとue900、SHUREのSE535LTD、そしてこちら、westoneのUMpro50を所有してます。低音に弱いBA、5BAで低音一基
だったので低音どうなるのかなぁとワクワクしてましたが、ドンシャリ10proは変態的な低音に対して当然ながらゴリゴリな訳がない。でも、ちゃんと篭りもなくちゃんと耳
に届くので気持ちがいい。BAはこのくらいがバランスいいんでしょうね。多すぎてももう違いがわからなくなりそう。当然ながら一軍入りです。
    付属のイヤーチップは一切耳に合わず、中低域がぬけぬけ、解像度はいいが1baだからしょうがないなと思いながらもイヤーチップをいくつか試して、細かく調整した
らびっくりするぐらいに丁度よい解像度の高い低域、ギターやピアノ、ボーカルなどの中域の音は他より半歩前にでる不思議な音質になり、無事このイヤホンの虜になりました。
その後断線するまで使い続け、中華製の太めの銅製ケーブルに変えたところ、明らかに低音の厚みが増し、全体のバランスが整えられ、今までケーブルを変えなかったことを後悔
。音の総評として。音質はもちろん良い。万全の状態での音の傾向は、低音はしっかりと厚みがあり、かつ疲れない、長時間リスニングに丁度いい具合。中域は高めの男性ボーカ
ルから低めの女性ボーカル、ギター、ピアノなどがとても際立つ、このイヤホンの最大の特徴が１番出てるところだと思う。高域は中域ほどに目立つわけではないが、しっかりと
解像度がありかつ、他を邪魔しないのでやはり長時間リスニングしていても疲れない。全音域しっかりと鳴らしながらも、1baらしい中音域の表現をもっている感じ。とにかく
コスパがよく、調整すればとてもいい音、表現が生まれるいいイヤホンです。
    UM pro30の特徴は解像度、左右の分離感、装着感が優れていることだと思います。分離感についてはFPSゲームでは特に重要で、足音が鳴っているのは分かる
けど方向がいまいち掴めない、といった問題を解消してくれます。モニター用途で使用することを想定しているからか、こちらの商品は左右がはっきり分かれて聴こえるので重宝
しています。一方、音場(空間)の広さについては特別広いとは感じられません。再生周波数が狭めでプレゼンスの帯域が制限されているため、抜けの良さがいまいちかと思いま
す。音を正確に聴く分には優れていますが、完成された音楽を楽しむのであれば他に選択肢があるようにも思われます。音質については、モニター用途なのでフラット寄りではあ
るのですが、若干中音域にフォーカスされているような鳴り方をしていると感じました(ギターで例えるとTube Screamerを通した音の鳴り方です)。この点につい
ては他のBA型に共通する音の傾向だと思います。したがって、ギターやドラム、ベースよりもボーカルのモニター用途に適しているのではないかと思います。また、付属のイヤ
ーピースも充実しています。通常はS,M,Lの3サイズ展開だと思いますが、WestoneのイヤーピースはS,Mサイズには長めのタイプもあり合計5種類付属しています
。イヤーピース単体の価格も良心的で、コンプライのイヤーピースが3ペアで約2500円であるのに対し、Westoneのフォームタイプのものは5ペアで2000円弱とな
っています。タイトルから脱線し冗長な文章となりましたが、それだけ魅力が詰まっている商品なのだと思います。
    今まではドライバは多ければ多いほど好きだったのですが、長時間聴き続けると、聴き疲れする様になりました。もともとWestoneが好きなのでUM Pro10
を購入しましたが、これがシングルBAの良さなんだな、と実感させてくれる名機です。まず音同士がぶつかり合う事がなくスッキリしています。なので聴き疲れもないです。そ
れからチューニングとしてはWestoneにしてはやや高音寄りかな？と思います。総じて良い買い物でした。
    喜欢威士顿，百年听诊器老厂，佩戴就是舒服。音质不错，对比就能感受到。价格比中国便宜好多，特别划算！！之前买过um pro
30，结果在长途汽车上遗落了。希望这次别在丢啦~~
    以前から気になっていたWestoneのUM Pro10を手に入れてみました。このイヤホンを買う前はSE215とhp-
hhr11rにXDP-300Rを使用していて、購入後暫くしてからhp-hhr11rをN30と入れ替え、持ち運び用のプレイヤーにfiio X1を追加しています。普
段はジャズからアニソンまでかなり幅広い曲を聴いています。このイヤホンはシングルBA機という事で低音の量や力量が心配だったのですが結果としては12分に満足できる結
果となりました。特にボーカルがしっかり出るのでその手の曲は楽しく聞くことが出来ます。またアーティストがモニターに使うという事もあってロック等のギターやドラムのサ
ウンドが激しい曲を聴いてもとても綺麗な音が出るように感じます。UMProシリーズもShureのSEシリーズと同じようにナローノズルなのですが決定的に違うのは明瞭
感だと思います。どうしてもSEシリーズは篭ってしまいあまり気持ち良くない(特に比較試聴した際に顕著に分かる)のですが、その様な事はないので普通に使用できると思わ
れます。またプレイヤーの出力性能に関わらずスマートフォン(HTC10)でもX1でも無論XDP-300Rでも音量を十分に確保出来るのでイージーリスニングにも向いて
いると思われます。しかし耐久性に関しては疑問符が残る結果となってしまいました。SE215は5年以上通勤時に使用しているのですが一度もハウジング割れは無く断線も一
度しか起こらなかったのですが、こちらの方はWestoneお家芸(?)の殻割りが1週間ほどで起こってしまいました笑まあ耐久性に関しては目を瞑るとして音に関しては本
当に凄く良く出来ているイヤホンだと思うので是非一度試して欲しいです。次はUMPro30やW40と言ったトリプルBA以上のWestoneを試してみようと思います。
    Wシリーズ (手持ちはW60)の余韻や響きを抑えた音作りです。SE846の様な厳粛さは無く、WESTONEらしい柔らかみを持っています。しかし、Wシリー
ズ程の柔らかさはなく、SHUREで慣らされた耳に感じる篭り感はありません。誇張や味付けが無いため物足りなく感じる場合がありますが、ありのままの録音状態を再生して
くれます。解像度がよく高いポテンシャルを持っていますが、誰もが一聴して高音質を感じやすいのはWシリーズの方だと思います。音質は気に入っていたのですが旧デザインが
チープ過ぎて手が出ませんでした。今回のデザイン変更はかなり気に入っています。WESTONEのケーブルは少し長すぎるので、SHUREのショートケーブルを使い回して
います。Wシリーズと違って接続部に余裕があり、リケーブル選択の幅が広いです。また、イヤーピースもSHUREのフォームを使っています。(イヤホンの故障依頼の殆どが
耳垢の詰まりとのことで、SHUREの耳垢フィルターが重宝しています)メーカーは違いますが、価格的にも音質的にもSE535とSE846の中間に位置します。私はSH
URE好きでSE846のサブ機として購入し十分に満足しています。画像はSE846との比較です。
    とにかく小さくて、耳にすっぽり入るのがいいです。Astell&Kern IEM-JH Audioを使っていたのですが、大きくて耳から落ちた拍子にぶつけて
しまい、割れてしまいました…。この商品は小さいので落ちづらく、かつ軽いので、破損しづらいです。音もクリアで、うるさい車内などでもよく聞こえます。電車でゲームをす
ることが多いのですが、音声もとてもよく聞こえました。さすがはモニターとして作られているだけあります。イヤーピースがいっぱいついていて、自分にフィットしたものを探
すのも楽しいです。
    SonyのXBA-N3を2ヶ月程使って気に入ってましたが、偶然購入した女性ボーカルの高音がキンキンして不快だったのでタイムセールで安くなっていたので購入
しました。余計な味付けが無いモニター系と言う事ですっきり系を期待してた割に中音が厚いです。ノラジョーンズ等のゆったりした音楽には合ってると思いますが、音数が多い
アーティストの場合後ろのコーラスやギターのフレーズが聞こえにくくN3より音が少ないです。付属ケーブルでのアンバランス・ポタアン繋いでのバランス等いろいろ試しまし
たが残念ながら私の好みではありませんでした。結局N3を引っ張り出してケーブル物色中です。耳かけ式は初めてだったので装着に戸惑いましたが、慣れるとピッタリはまって
すこぶるいいです。私は田舎住みなので視聴出来なかったですが、安くはないので購入される方は視聴オススメします。
    リデザインされて価格相応の見た目と質感になった気がします。接続環境はSONY NW-ZX300NOBUNAGA Labs 姫鶴
4.4mmバランス(5極)MMCXで主にJ-POP（FLAC)を聴いています。高音は煌びやかでもなく伸びるわけでもありませんが音の細やかさとキレは素晴らしく解像
度も高いです。中音は音の粒立ちがしっかりしていて解像度が高いです。低音は重厚で迫力があり、ベースもバスドラも輪郭がハッキリしていて良いです。アーチストや楽曲によ
っては若干ウォーム寄りに感じる時もありますが基本、余計な味付けがされていないモニター的なサウンドを鳴らしてくれます。音の解像度も良いですが分離感も良く、すべての
音を鳴らし切っている感じです。キレも素晴らしいです。音場はさほど広くありませんが定位感はしっかりしています。まとまりも良いと思います。ただアーチストや楽曲によっ
ては若干、音が多すぎてごちゃごちゃ感が出るものもあります。あくまでモニターとしてすべての音をしっかり聴いて楽しみたいという人向けのイヤホンと感じました。リスニン
グやながら聴きには向いてないと思います。遮音性はイヤーピースが素晴らしい出来なので電気的なノイズキャンセリングの必要もなく自然なサウンドを聴くことができます。音
漏れも大きめの音で聴いても皆無と言ってよいです。兎にも角にもWestoneのモニターイヤホンの傑作だと思います！
    普段はshureのse215speや425、535ltdをメイン使っていますが、WestoneのイヤホンはWシリーズを視聴したのみでUM Proシリーズ
は未試聴でした。shureの同じ単発BAの315は正直言って微妙な感じであまり欲しいと思わなかったり、他のメーカーの単発BA機はモニターイヤホンじゃないので敬遠
していましたが、UM pro10をふと試聴したところ、ボーカルの艶やかさや生々しさが気に入ってしまい購入しまいした。2017年にリデザインされたモデルで以前の用
にBAドライバーが外れなくなったり、リケーブルの制限があった前モデルから改良されたようですね。遮音性もshureにひけを取らない程の遮音性で、装着感もシェルが薄
いお陰で耳から飛び出さずにコンパクトになっています。イヤーピースも沢山入っていますが、spinfitにするとまた面白い音の変化で飽きさせない名作だと思いました！
    とても良い物です。再生周波数が20Hz-16KHzなので自然な音に聞こえます。(ナチュラル)効いていてもシャリシャリがキツく無いので長時間聴こうと思えば
聴けそうです。イヤホンとしてはキツくないので良い物と感じました。(これがスピーカーだったら物足りない。)今まで使っていたイヤホンは耳に硬い金具をかけるタイプだっ
たので長時間聞くと耳が痛くなりましたが、このタイプは全く痛くなりません。付け心地もグッドです。
    1年半以上使っていましたが、ある時からシェルがグラグラし始め、ケーブルを外したタイミングでパックリ割れました。しかもMMCX端子部もシェルから外れて宙ぶ
らりん状態。そんなにケーブルの脱着をしたことはないのにこの惨状。2017モデルで改善されたと思ったのに。正規品で2年保証なので、慌てて修理に出したところテックウ
インドが新品に交換してくれました。しかし、最初の保証期間終了まで3ヶ月くらいだったなので、値がつくうちに売却しました。音質や装着感は気に入ってましたが、この品質
は厳しいです。テックウインドには感謝してます。
    リニューアル前のモデルを所持していたので比較します。デザイン★☆☆☆☆→★★★★★個人的にリニューアル前は5万overのイヤホンの中ではかなりチープだっ
たのですが、今回は中のドライバーがよく見えse846のようなかっこよさがあります。音質　特に変化なし？まだエージングが不十分なので何ともえませんが、音は大きく変
わっていません。
    本商品は、一般的なリスニング用ではなく、プロ用モニターとのこと。個人的な印象では、繊細な音に感じられました。映像に例えるなら、解像感の高いはっきりとした
音です。そのため、歪ませたドンシャリ系の音楽よりクリアな軽音楽やアコースティック系の方が聴きやすいように思います。一般的なダイナミック型のイヤフォンでは、周波数
特性が 5～20,000Hz 程度をカバーするものが多いのですが、本商品では 20~16,000Hz と低い周波数が出ないシングルBA型の特徴そのままです。再生
レンジがやや狭いので、どうなのかなぁ...と思いながら聴いてみましたが、数字から得る印象より音はしっかりとしている感じを受けました。本来は、カスタムイヤフォンを
製作しているメーカーだけあって、付属するイヤーピースの数が凄いです。これだけあれば、どれかは合うのではないでしょうか。また、カッコいいハードケースも付属しており
、大切に扱ってほしいというメーカーの想いが感じられます。昨年、モデルチェンジをしてデザインが変更になりましたが、クリアなボディにブランドアイコンが映えるので、以
前のものより高級感があります。大音量で鳴らすより、気持ちのいい音を聴きたいときには、まさにピッタリなイヤフォンです。
    遮音性の高さと、イヤモニ特有の装飾されていないナチュラルな音に感動しました。買って損は無いと思います。
    オーディオに詳しい知人に昔1万の壁を越えるとイヤホンの世界は変わると言われたのですが、その意味が良く解る作りです。音の一つ一つ、ボーカルの抑揚、音のキャ
ッチボールを楽しむ姿が突然そこにクリアに現れます。モニタリング用途なのですから、当然ながら余計な低音や高音部へのイコライジングは施されておらず、何処までも真剣に
音楽と向き合うアーティストの姿が再現されることでしょう。原音至上主義の自分にとっては本当に最高の商品に出会ったと感じています。個人的には趣味でやっているボランテ
ィアの朗読を録音する時に表現がどう出来ているかを文字通りモニターする時に使い始めました。これまでSONY制のMDR-CD900STを当たり前のように使用していた
のですが、こちらはカナル型イヤホンということもあり、取り回しも良くより軽量である為、ヘッドホン特有の着け心地の出来不出来や夏場の暑苦しさから解放される為、今後長
い付き合いになりそうです。イヤーピースは2種類の4サイズ分用意されておりますので、自分好みにカスタマイズできる上にリケーブルが出来るという点が何より気に入りまし
た。Pro30の購入も検討中です♪
    リスニング用ではなく、モニター用、という音のイヤホン。似ているという所では、BOSEのモニタースピーカー的。ただその音に慣れてないと「迫力のない音」とい
う印象になるかも。イヤホンンとしてはステージ上で使うことを想定してるようで、自分の耳に合うイヤピースのサイズが決まったら、どう動いても全くズレません。シリコンの
イヤピースより、フォームタイプの方が良いですね。サイズで色分けしてある各ピースのシリコンタイプのを先に自分の耳に突っ込んで、このサイズだな、と思ったら同じサイズ
のフォームタイプのイヤピースをイヤホンに装着。最初「あれ、キツイ？」と思うかもしれないけど、このフォーム、耳の形に合わせて形が変わります。馴染むとキツくも緩くも
なく、完全に耳にフィット。シュア掛けのコードと相まって、フィット感抜群です。音の方は500〜1KHz辺りにピークがある中域寄りの特性。イコライザでいじると高域は
強く出るけるけど、低域は一定以上は出ません。いわゆるドンシャリ音で聴くタイプでは無いです。高域も出し過ぎないほうが良い。聴き疲れのしないイヤホンです。モニタース
ピーカーによくある、ジャズボーカルに合うような音。あと、不思議とイヤホンなのに音に広がりを感じます。個人的に難があるとすれば、DTMなどに使った場合、ベースのラ
インがうまく聴き取れない？と感じる事ですね。ちょっとベースが埋もれる印象。ドライバが小さい？（ステージ上では分かりませんが）
    シングルだけどシングルの良さがある。初期モデルが7年経つので左の音が小さくなるという症状で・・・・寿命かなぁ。そこで後継機として購入、やっぱりという納得
のサウンド。耳につけて音が出た瞬間にこれだって感じです。westoneを知ってしまうとあの音なんだよなって・・・・結局3個のウェストンを7年間使いまわしています
ね。試してみる価値は、ありますね。
    他の方のレビューにもありますが、モニター用という感じです自然な感じの音です低音が効いてるのが好きな方には物足りなく感じるでしょうフィット感は良いですね気
に入りましたモニター用という点を踏まえた上で良い商品だと思います
    ＜装着感＞私は耳の形が少し変わっているので耳に合うイヤモニがなかなか見つかりませんでした。カスタムを作るほどステージに立つわけでもないため、これまではそ
こそこフィットするSHURE SE215や借り物で間に合わせていましたがPro30はばっちり合って驚きました。特にボディ部のフィット感は最初から抜群です。＜イヤ
ーチップ＞低反発4種類・カナル4種類の計8種類が同梱されています。遮音性を優先したい時と装着感を優先したい時でチップを交換して使っています。低反発の方は個体によ
って音導管への取り付けの固さに差がありました。＜音質＞高解像度で分離も良く、フラットといっていいレベルのバランスですがあえて言うなら中低域がリッチです。このあた
りはドライバだけでなく音導管の経も影響していそう（音導管経：実測3.3mm）リスニング用途で使用する場合、ギター・ベースが活躍する曲を好む人に向いていると思いま
す。逆に人を選ぶほどに高域で攻めているような曲は落ち着いた印象になると思います。レコーディング用途でも良好です。前述の通り基本的にはフラット寄りで過度な味付けが
なく、なおかつギターの美味しいところが引っ込まない。ヘッドホンより空気感がないぶん音を作り込むのに最適で、宅録でデモを作るときのモニターとしても使っています。個
人的には汚しを入れる度合いが測りやす気がして、そこもうれしいポイント。＜ケーブル＞細く柔軟なケーブルでタッチノイズは比較的少なめです。今のところ音質と取り回しの
面は標準品で満足しています。あえて不満点を挙げるとすればステレオミニのコネクタが若干チープなところ。＜MMCXコネクタ＞前作から改良されたコネクタらしく、着脱の
クリック感は良好です。周囲のクリアランスも確保されているのでコネクタ直径9mm程度までのMMCXケーブルなら取り付けられると思います。＜ケース＞上下クッション構
成のヴォルトケースが付属しています。チープな質感に反して剛性は高めです。＜総評＞「Pro30はスタジオ録音向け」とメーカーが評するだけあって録音・ミックスどちら
でも使いやすい印象を受けました。遮音性が高いため単独での作業はもちろんメンバー全員での同録デモの時もよく聴こえます。それでいてリスニングの快適さも両立できている
のが最大の魅力です。プレイヤー、リスナー、どちらの方にもおすすめです。
    イヤホンの配線もネジネジした感じの仕様で本格的な感じがします。造りもしっかりしているようなので、耐久性もあるようです。機器も選ばず、直挿しで十分良い音が
楽しめます。耳へのフィット感も自分に合った感じでしっくり決めることができます。音量も取りやすいと思います。音楽の素の音が忠実に再現されている感じが、とても好まし
く感じます。ジャンル問わず、どんな音楽でも自然な感じで聴けるのは良いと思いました。今はブルートゥースのイヤホンが多くなってきていますが、やはり有線のイヤホンには
音楽に没頭できる魅力があると改めて感じますね。
    筆者の聴く音楽のジャンルだけなのかもしれないが音がマイルドになって音楽を聞くだけでも最高でした。イヤーピースも何種類もあって自分にフィットしたものを選べ
ばちょっとやそっとでは外れないところもいいです。
    気持ちの良い音が耳に流れ込んでくるという表現があうイヤホンです。メイン用途としてゲームでの使用、音楽は洋楽メインで使っていますが、どちらでも素晴らしい音
。ゲームはfpsやrpgが多いですが、fpsではよりクリアに足音や環境音を拾うことができ、rpgではゲーム内の音楽を気持ち良く聞け…ゲームの中に入り込んでいるか
のような感覚になれ本当に最高の気持ち良さです。
    今までのイヤフォンはなんだったんだろうと思うくらいのフィット感 耳にしっかりはまり
尚且つ痛みや不快感が全く無いどの耳にも合うようにイヤフォン部分のサイズ交換できるように様々な形のクッション耳あて部分が同包されています。
ワイヤレスじゃないから充電したり途中で切れたりなどのめんどくささもない。ノイズも感じないし、音域も広い
アナログ録音の音も最大限引き出してくれる。なによりも音漏れが少ないのが驚きでした。
    イヤーモニターの商品名にいつわりなく、各帯域がフラットな印象を受けるようにチューニングされている印象。装飾や演出を控えて、忠実に音を人間に伝えてくれる。
フラットや忠実と表現してしまうと無味乾燥な意味を含みがちだが、逆。フラットで忠実なのに濃厚。濃厚で厚みがあるのに繊細。クリアとコクの両立。結果、聴きなれた楽曲の
深部に触れるような体験をする。刺激的なのに、穏やかに心が落ち着く。もっと聴いていたい、もっと感じたい、でも疲れない、心地よい♪
    まず最初に断っておかなくてはいけない事は、オーディオ機器の好みは個人差が大きい事です。それを念頭に置いてお読みください。私は取り立てて高価なヘッドホンを
買った事はありません。最大で6万くらいのSTAXでした。現代のイヤホンは安いものでも非常によくできていて、有名なメーカー製なら「ハズレ」を掴むことはほぼないでし
ょう。しかし、価格が上がってもなかなか超えられないような音質の壁がありとりわけ、低音の品質(量ではない)、音場、生々しさなどのスペックには表れないようなもに関し
ては高価なイヤホンでも再現が難しいものです。前置きが長くなりましたが、そういった派手さや外連味のない生粋の楽器の音が聴けるイヤホンが、UM Pro50
でした。実はUM Pro30 も使っていたのですが、自分のミスで壊してしまって一念発起、奮発して最上位機種に買い替えた経緯があります。Pro30も相当なもので、
「Pro50から後戻りできない」といった差ではありません。ただ、モニター用にも関わらず、Pro30より楽しい音が聴けてしまうPro50の音は、アーティストが本来
出したい音…のようにも感じます。音のクセが少ないメーカーだと思うので、一本使いで、思い切ってPro50でも良いのではないでしょうか。
    今まで、アンドロメダSを使っていましたがこのイヤホンに変更。装着感が各段に良くなり、音質的にも悪くないと思います。買って、変えて良かった。満足です。
    My previous iem of the same brand gave in after 5 years. Tried a different
brand, but resorted to coming back to this brand - it's just comfortable to wear
and sounds great.Edit: after a few weeks' use, the sound started going off for a
split second in quick repetition in right side unit, creating a strobe-like
effect. Although it is intermittent, it prevents enjoying music. To be honest,
at this price it shouldn't happen. No option for replacement, so I returned it
and looking for alternatives.
    Your millage will very.. Since sound signatures is a really personal thing.
Other reviewer were positive but my ears didn't enjoy them; the first release
sounded better to me, at least.
    I found the sound quality to be very disappointing without the use of a
headphone amplifier and constant equalizer re-setting depending on what type of
music I am listening to.Reading other reviews it looks like these earphones are
good for monitoring whilst singing, this may be true but I would not recommend
them for everyday use.If I hadn’t received them immediately prior to travelling
abroad I would have definitely sent them back for a refund. My overall
experience with these earphones was very disappointing and in my opinion not
worth the money.
    I'm a singing drummer in a working 60's cover band. I love these IEM's SO
much (Even though they are very expensive)
    Not at noise isolating as my SE219. Great profile, much smaller than Shure.
Better case than Shure too 😀
    Excellents écouteurs, très réactifs dans les médium et les aigus.Je possède
des UM 30 pro (ancien modèle) et je souhaitais avoir une autre paire pour mon
travail, ceux-ci sont parfaits pour cela. Ils isolent bien au bruit, permettent
une écoute détaillée, même à un volument très faible.Je regrètte cependant que
Westone ne propose plus les anciens modèles, car je préférais de loin la forme
et l'ergonomie des anciens modèles.Ceux-ci sont plus gros, et, bien qu'avec une
esthétique plus travaillé, sont moins confortables que les précédents modèles.En
dehors de cela, rien à dire, vous en aurait pour votre argent.Conseil d'embouts
: je conseille les ComplyFoam Tsx-100 ou les Tx-100 pour un son plus riche. Les
embouts fournits avec ces écouteurs n'offrent que peu de richesses dans les
aigus (8k Hz et +).
    Dies sind meine ersten In-Ear Hörer dieser Art. Der Anschaffungspreis hat
mich immer abgeschreckt, aber diese Dinger sind auf jeden Fall ihr Geld wert.
Benutze sie im Fitnessstudio und die halten bei jeder Übung die das Studio zu
bieten hat.Die Kabelführung über das Ohr nach hinten ist schön dezent. Es liegen
viele verschieden große "Gummis" bei. Die aus Schaumstoff schotten alle
Geräusche von außen ab und man genießt die Musik in vollen Zügen.Bis jetzt kann
ich nur zum Kauf raten.
    It has a good amount of bass but that overpowers the treble region. It is
still a mid-focused IEM, but female vocals sound capped and toned down and male
vocals on certain songs sound okay-ish. The accessories given are superb and
contains a decent box to carry around.
    J'ai lu des tonnes de commentaires disant que ces écouteurs étaient des
must-have pour les bassistes. Alors pourquoi entend on autant les aigus ? Ça ne
me correspond pas car les aigus me dettraquent les oreilles alors hop goodbye et
bravo aux QZR qui pour 15€ sonnent d'après moi bien mieux.
    Sehr guter,kristallklarer Sound auch bei niedrigen Lautstärken,nutze die UM
Pro 10 mit einem Fiio X3 und bin begeistert über das Klangerlebnis,mit den
Ohrpassstücken an jedes Ohr anpassbar und angenehm zu tragen
    I had heard of this brand, but I had never heard of its earphones and I got
a great and pleasant surprise ... very good sound and very well achieved ...I
strongly recommend ...
    No problems.  Rapid delivery.  Great product!!
    I have used a ridiculous number of IEM's and headphones in search for a
replacement for my old model of these that broke.  I have spent well over 2k and
I've failed.  The sound stage, balance, and clarity - in my opinion - are
absolutely perfected in these IEM's.  It's wide and has the best clarity and
separation that I've ever heard from any headphone, let alone an IEM.The
Ultimate problem with these, and the thing that sent me on the search in the
first place, is that I've had Westone's for over 10 years, and about every 1.5
years one driver would fail for no reason.  Full dislosure, I worked in a noisy
environment and played these for 8+ hours a day for each of those 1.5 years, so
they most certainly got their use (2,500hrs roughly). Anyway, I was finally fed
up and said I was going to find something that was as good with better
reliability.  I failed.  I'm sure I found more reliable headphones, but I'll
never know because I never used any of them long enough to find out (including
the Westone W40s, but more on that below if you care), but I never found
anything with as wide and clear of a sound stage as these.  I found bass heavy
headphones, highs that would puncture your ears, muddled noise, music being
played in a tunnel with no bass, and flat but clear, but I never found anything
close to these.  For *me*, these are the absolutely perfect IEM.  If I had to
ding them on anything, I would say that I love bass, so I wouldn't mind being
able to get a little more bass out of these, but what they have is perfectly
balanced, clear, and punchy.  Seriously, pull the trigger!I also own the W40's,
and they are, in my opinion, really, really bad.  There is no separation, and it
sounds like it's coming through a tunnel to get to my ear.  Further, there is
absolutely no bass punch, which was the most disappointing to me. When a
reviewer said it was like being at a concert, I guess they never went to a
concert with an actual sub-woofer.  Don't waste $100 more dollars on something
that is (again, in my opinion) far inferior.  Honestly, if it comes down to the
wired W40's or something else, just go with the Beats X.  They have a richer
sound, are wireless, and cost 1/4 of the price.  For the record though, there is
no comparison between the Beats X and the UM Pro 30; It almost hurts to put them
in the same sentence!  It's like comparing apples and oranges.  However, for the
W40's, I feel it's an apt comparison.Whatever you decide to do though, good
luck!  Also, it should probably be noted that I've never tried the UM Pro 50's
(because, you know, they're crazy expensive!), so they may indeed be better, but
I'll probably never know!
    this is my third set of westones.  i have the w20s, w40s and um pro 50s now.
comparing the sound of the 40s vs 50s, it is noticable to keen ears the
difference and i feel it is worth the extra money to get the 50s now.  it is not
saying the 40s are not good, just that the 50s are better.  a bit clearer not
much but the sound seemingly is much more natural and the extra driver seems to
clear up some tones better.one side note about westones, if you are getting
these for working out, do not use the soft ear pieces.  those absorb water and
can push it inside the monitor basically frying it.  use the rubber tips and
even though they can slide a bit if you get really sweaty, they do a better job
of keeping water out of the monitor.lastly, westones customer service is
seriously 5/5.  them and for the most part garmin are just outstanding.  they go
out of their way to help you and keep you in their products.  i am just so happy
with them!
    I used these at a gig last week instead of bringing my bulky monitor.  I'm
looking to lighten up the load and I was hoping these would work well for me.
Well, I was very pleased with the results.  These are the perfect in-ear
monitors for singers and musicians.  I don't recommend these buds for general
consumer use (iPods and such) as these do not have the EQ curve for bass and
treble that most people find enjoyable for mp3's and such. .  The EQ response is
flat which is perfect for live performance monitoring.  Included a snazzy little
case and plenty of ear inserts are included, both foam and silicone.
    First of I am a Big fan of Westone. Had them in the past and was very
excited about getting these.Now I am a basshead and that is just not what you
are getting with these.I have returned them and bought the Shure SE846.Listened
to all sorts of music to test.Bass: underperforming and too clean. Even when
turning the equalizer to very high settings.Mid: fantastic response and
clarityHigh: this is where these probably most shine.Space: Again a fantastic
sound spacious sound quality.Warmth: Also quite surprising with the low amount
of base that the sound is quite warm, but again clean.My taste I guess is quite
particular in regards of bass and the full feel of the music with the dynamics
that low bass gives it.These Pro50’s are just not it at all. Which when doing my
homework was a mixed bag in other reviews. In case people suggest: Tried several
tips and again with my past experience with Westone knowing what to expect on
fit etc...Westone,if you guys have any of your range that will blasts the Shures
SE846 out of the water in regards of (Low) Bass I will fork out the cash!Hope
this helps,Walther
    I like these Westone in ear monitors. They are my first from this company.
The sound response is pretty flat as it should be. If you are getting earbuds to
have full huge sounding mixes, these won't do it, as they don't boost the bass
more than what it should be. Good for stage, and nice noise isolation. I wear on
planes too. Sometimes I boost the bass to enjoy more, but I feel I could mix
music too with these.I am curious to know how their more expensive in ear
monitors with more drivers sound (this is the single driver monitors).Overall
great sound and clarity. I'll look to Westone next time I need earbuds.
    I gotta be honest I’m not an audiophile but I enjoy a good sounding sub 400
dollar headphone. I’ve been a fan of Westone for a while now. I originally owned
the Westone 3’s which I have to admit prior to these IEM’s were my favorite cans
for a long time. Unfortunately I lost them and upgraded (at least I thought) to
the Westone 4’s which if you like a clean less fun sounding headphone they may
be for you.Over the years I had minor issues with both models however Westone
always repaired or replaced them no questions asked.Again I lost the 4’s and
after much research went with the UM Pro 30’s.  I popped them in and wow what
great nostalgia of my long lost Westone 3’s. A great sounding headphone with
thumping lows and crisp highs and you don’t need a 600 dollar high resolution
player to make them sound good.  Don’t be fooled thinking more drivers is always
better.Highly recommend these headphones.Thanks Westone
    have had se215, se425 as well. se215 are entry level and while good quality,
don’t even come close. 425s were good for a similar price however the westones
have a more dull sound with better low end for sure. common complaint is lack of
mid to high end but i find a tiny eq tweak can help out a lot, yet i don’t
always feel the need.stock cable is way more durable than it appears. due to
flanges, don’t use a shure cable as it will not fit as securelyhad one side go
out after a year and they fixed (replaced) completely free. just emailed and
sent back directly.
    Audio cable was broken. Amazon didn't have a quick remedy so I overnighted a
64' clear Westone cable. Higher quality than the stock cables. I think it's
apparent in the pic. The stock cables are somewhat brittle and permanently
kinked. To address the defective cable, I had to reorder the same pair of IEMs
and return the original purchase. Westone's customer service is OUTSTANDING and
the IEMs sound FANTASTIC!. Rather than go through the warrantee process, they
quickly sent a replacement cable. So, if you really want a proper UM Pro30 rig
.. plan to spend another $50-60 for a better audio cable. Doesn't seem right but
that's what it is.
    I’m a professional location sound mixer and have always been curious about
IEMs.  In an attempt to make my gear as lightweight as possible, I decided to
try a pair so I could dump my bulky headphones. After reading a ton of reviews,
I spent the extra and chose the UM Pro30s over the 20s. The first time I tried
them, I used silicone tips and listened to dialog I recorded on my last shoot.
It sounded terrible, tinny with no bass, totally unusable.  I was extremely
disappointed and ready to return them.  The next day I decided to try the foam
tips just to see if they made any difference.  It was amazing, excellent bass
response, ultra clarity on the other frequencies.  I plugged in my iPhone and
listened to Paul Simon’s Mother and Child Reunion and could hear extreme clarity
on all the instruments and clear detail of the reverb on his voice.  I A/B’d
with my Sennheiser HD 25s and the Pro30’s were superior and even more isolating.
I’m very happy with the audio quality, I’ll find out if they are comfortable
enough to wear for 12 hours on my shoot next week!
    I'm a pro audio guy thats tried probably 30 IEM's/Chifi headphones over the
last few months. These are horrid. Actually horrid.Nice case and accessories,
nice design and fit, terrible sound. No lows, very forward and messy midrange,
little to no treble, gave these almost no time. Maybe I should have tried longer
but they just sounded SO bad immediately. Very disappointed in these.It could
have been they were shooting for a cheap Shure SE425 kind of thing, reduced bass
to make room for bleed from stage noise and reduced treble to make room for more
mid focus and volume without damaging your ears with treble content you might
not hear on stage. However, the mids were so bulky and ugly they missed the
definition and punch of the 425 entirely.If you're used to the 425 and wan't a
cheap backup, these might be ok.
    These were insane. I thought I knew what quality sounded like. When I spoke
into my mike, I was blown away. I have never, never experienced  more clarity
and presence in my ears. I will never go back to regular earphones. These things
are amazing. And believe me nobody paid me for this review on any way and I have
nothing to do with the company that makes these.
    I owned and used a westone 3 for 10 years. During that time, it never gave
me any issues. Until now it's still working except for the shell which probably
due to old age and use has broken into pieces. The driver is still intact and
working. Too bad I can repair them for now. So I bought this UM Pro 30 and as
expected, the quality and the build is solid. The sound is awesome! And I can
see this one lasting me 10 years or even more.
    Fits perfect. I have small ears and a drummer and stays in for hours with no
discomfort.
    For the price and quality, these sounded excellent during rehearsals and
gigs. Even when I was just listening to music, the clarity was incredible. These
allow my ears not to have ear fatigue like wearing over ear headphones. Another
bonus is that it contains various sized tips so that there is a comfortably snug
fit. This product also includes a protective case to store them safely when not
in use. There was a protective seal on the box to indicate that the product was
not opened or tampered with after manufacturing. Excellent choice for vocalists.
    This is my third pair of westones. They are just a great quality product.
Sound quality is fine, but comfort, fit & durabilty is fantastic.
    These headphones sounded incredible, amazingly transparent and accurate. But
for the amount of money I spent, I expect more than 2 months out of them before
the right earphone randomly stops working all together. Amazon doesn’t offer a
“contact seller” button or anything for any issues arising after the return date
has passed. So I’m out $400 and expected to purchase another pair? Overall,
turned an amazing product into a horrible experience.
    My ear monitors are everything I was anticipating. I get full frequency
sound that competes with my very good headphones. Comfort level has been very
good with good isolation.
    Matched these up with high end copper cables, hi-def audio recordings and I
can really hear details that I've missed from ripped low def audio. They are on
the expensive end but if you're investing in hi-def equipment you can't go wrong
with these earphones.
    They sound ok but are super cheaply built and good luck trying to detach the
cable. I found a lot less expensive pair that blew these away!
    Pros:-Awesome fit-Comes with a nice case.-Sound is full and rich-I’ve never
found a pair of headphones with this kind of power! Talk about loud.Cons:-Pretty
pricey but worth it to me-The bass when listening to hip hop on the lower ends
starts to distort.I bought these for my motor cycle. I couldn’t find a pair of
headphones that could play loud enough over my exhast and fit in my helmet. But
man I was amazed at the power and ability to block out sound.  Worth it to me.
    Love these over my previous Shure SE-425s. Sound great, have more headroom
before distortion and the longer foam pieces are comfortable and help the seal.
Two negative points are...I’m not a big fan of the twisted cables (the Shure’s
had a much nicer, thicker braided style cable), and while I like the little
Pelican style carrying case, it’s a tad small and you have to be very careful
stuffing everything in to avoid closing the lid on the cables.
    Surprisingly satisfied with them so far. I would say this is a IEM for those
looking for less mids, like myself.
    I love these ear phones. Sound is crisp and clear. I may order another pair.
    I have owned Westone  products going on 20 years now.  I have, and still
operational after thousands of shows, a set of Original UM-2's. I chose the UM-2
at the time because they were the best fit and sound for drummers. I also chose
the brand Weston because of their reputation of sound quality, durability and
comfort are second to none. Not to mention I have known about Westone as being
in-ear audio specialists in making hearing aids long before going into the
consumer market.  20 + years later after trying other brands and knock-offs,  I
am now choosing Westone again. This time going with the UM Pro-30 and all I can
say is, WOW! have they come a long way.  BTW - Play around with the Foam tips on
Fitment.  They will really sing.
    Bought it a month ago, now I have to twist the audio jack to a right
position so that I can get listenable sound. That happens every time when
plugging it into my devices, and I am sure it is the headphone's problem because
my other earphone does not have such connection issue. I had a cheap pair of
audio technica's earbuds, its sound quality and sound-isolating ability are much
better than this one. Not worth the money.
    I purchased these because I was looking for good IEM's for wearing under a
helmet. My DUNU-1000's would not stay in my ears when the helmet went on, which
was not surprising, but made me sad because I love them. These UM Pro 30's sound
pretty good, though they have a smaller, more intimate soundstage than the
DUNU's. However, they fit very well under a helmet and completely block wind
noise to boot. I tried the UM Pro 10's first, but they sounded pretty terrible
due to the compromises made using a single driver.
    I splurged and purchased  the UM pro 20. At 299.00 they are by no means
"cheap". However, this item falls under that old addage we've all heard a time
or two in life... "You get what you pay for". These earbuds are definetely high
quality and deliver sound reproduction at any volume at a caliber many won't
even appreciate because they have become used to just  "average" sound.
    UmmmmGot these to use for inner ear monitors in my bandI’m a Bass playerSo
far I’ve only just tested them out by plugging directly into my amp headNothing
but Fuzz BassAmazingly my Apple earbuds sound perfect thru my amp head, same
goes for my IPodThere’s Got to be something I’m missing here as I’m a rookie on
IEMS at this point
    Wonderful  ear phones...highs and bass is great exactly what I bought them
for...keeps volume down on stage
    over all great sound and beautiful tone.  I play a custom five string bass
and use these for live performances.  when used at very high volumes the extreme
low notes on the five string do distort, but if i back off of the volume, they
do not.  they are better than the Westone in ear monitors I replaced, so I am
happy
    I purchased these earbuds for hopefully a great sound experience. But was
disappointed in their quality of sound. They seemed like a cd compared the warm
sound of a record. The overall sound quality is lacking the warmth of sound. The
build quality was excellent but the case was not very easy to open. But I think
one would get used to it. I sure was hoping that I would experience a great
sound but it was not the case.
    I recently replaced my UM Pro 20s with these.  Very happy with the
performance.  I'm a drummer and use these live every week.  Great choice for the
price when you compare them to brands like 64 audio that charge an outrageous
price for their IEMs.  Westone's prices are fair and you get an excellent
product.
    They were great until the ear piece broke ... I’ve only had them for a month
now I don’t know what to do 😪😪😪 I can’t even return them.. I feel like I flushed
my money down the toilet.. really good monitors thou..
    very awesome product with a excellent and unbeliavable sound to the humn ear
    Great sound, the triple Driver is awasome!!! Very happy with this earbuds.
    The sound quality of these headphones is very solid. No complaints in that
department. I can’t say the same for the build quality and customer service. The
casing on one of earbuds popped off. That would be fine if I could get it
repaired, but Westone has been ghosting my RMA tickets.
    5 stars for crystal clear highs without overwhelming the ears, bass response
solid - get a good seal in ear and you’ll be lowering volume to
monitor.Fantastic ears!
    disclaimer:I'm no musician, I use  IEM instead of conventional headphones
because they're portable and have better noise isolation.pros:I like the sound
(dark-ish, bass is good)low profile nothing sticks outquite comfortable to
wearnice selection of eartipscons:Cable broke after some time had to replace
(shure makes much better cables)sound isolation is not perfect but still way
better then some other headphones.
    These are over priced by about $50.00. The Shure SE 215’s have a much better
fit and certainly sound better at $50 less than the Westones. The fit on these
is horrible in terms of the housing. Also, it is misleading to show the nicer
“clear” colored ones on Amazon and then ship the customer a set of “navy blue”
IEM’s. That’s bad business right there. Never again.
    love them my second pair  these are better than the last pair
    Sound fantastic and come with an enormous amount of earbuds. Just wish they
came with a 3.5 mm headphone jack extension
    The sound quality is very good with these Westones, perhaps more suitable
for Bass Players and drummers like myself. These in-ears provide very good low
end.
    My husband loves these and said they are perfect for helping lead worship at
church
    Less than 90 days and these in ear monitors have become unstable, cutting
out completely at random and staying dead, leaving me stranded on now two shows.
Strangely the ears will just start working again with no rhyme or reason, just
as they stopped working. I have relied on Westones in the past and paid a
handsome about for these based on past performance. Can no longer recommend.
    Love them
    I am a keyboardist, in a band, one who enjoys a well balanced sound spectrum
within headphones with some bass presence. These did not satisfy my needs within
its frequency spectrum. Don’t get me wrong, these are great in-ear monitors
(great company too) not for an instrumentalist like me. I’d say the appeal to
the acoustic/electric guitar players, and vocalists.
    Boom. Expensive and worth it.
    I moved up to these from my Shure 215s and it is Night day different. Highly
recommend!!
    These in ears are extremely comfortable and produce great sound.  I use them
for band.
    I returned them. I even tried the comply tips.
    Disappointed. Not a lot better, for the price,  than the two driver, though
I must admit, I haven't used them on stage yet, but so far bass is
disappointing.
    So far still cannot get my bad guitsrvtonsound like a bass thru themKind of
tinny, or distortedMay have to return
    Plain and simple, I'm just sticking with Westones. I found other brands to
be ok to good, but I would call these just right. Very happy with the sound
quality, and the fit and seal is very good as well.
    For a 20-year drummer, it meets all my need and is worth the
money.Especially in the case of not receiving the goods for the first delivery,
Amazon solved my problem very quickly and reissued the goods, thank you very
much, I will wear it to record our new album.
    Failed after 1 year sent to square trade for replacement
    Awesome  product
    This is my second time with this product, passed the first version on to my
son.  Would recommend them to anyone looking for a great personal headphone.
Makes the plane ride to FL shorter.
    Earphone unit itself was perfect. It's so light, comfortable and it' sounds
so nice.However I couldnt hear that sound with it's attached cable. I couldn't
hear right sound with it.
    Great fit. Good sound isolation.
    These are true IEMs. I’m a vocalist, playing guitar and keyboard. They are
fabulous. If you are a drummer or bassist, you’ll need the triple driver.. but
for me they do the job. Have detachable cord, multiple type/size ear pieces, and
a nice vented case. Can’t go wrong with Westones. Worth the price.
    Not noise canceling. Able to hear surrounding conversations.
    The charity is fantastic!
    Awesome sound!  I play bass and these's bad boys ROCK the low notes.  I just
wish they were custom fit.
    I used my Westone UM Pro 20 (clear) in-ears for the first time, going on a 1
hour hike. After reading the many favorable reviews, I was excited to try them
out. The company and this product line got good reviews for the build and sound
quality. Unfortunately, I encountered many significant design flaws that make
this product unuseable for me. Most these issues were not addressed in the other
Amazon reviews, so I am providing these comments, which may be useful to
potential consumers of the Westone UM Pro line.1.  The shape and size of IE
capsule is too large for my ears. I have been using Sennheiser IE60 (since
discontinued) for many years, and had never used the type of design used by
Westone (or Shure). As you can see from the photos, the tip goes into the ears
cannel, but the plastic capsule is nestled in the outer ear ( I don’t know the
correct way to anatomically describe this). What I experienced immediately upon
inserting the IE the plastic capsule was too large for my ear, causing it to
press up again the structure of the ear. I felt extreme pain the entire time I
was wearing it, and then it hurt when it was removed. The model designation “UM”
stands for Universal, implying it will fit anyone’s ears. But it does not fit
smaller ears. This type of IE monitor is used by pro musicians on stage, but
their IEM is usually custom fitted, avoiding this issue. Maybe there should be
small and regular sizes?2.  The IE had weak bass response. Although the UM 20
has separate high and low range drivers, the low end was very weak. I normally
use a flat EQ curve, but even boosting the bass did not solve the problem.3.  L
and R earpieces were not clearly marked. A song is mastered with definite L & R
channels, so the playback should be the same. I had a hard time finding where
the Westone printed materials indicated this, then an even harder time seeing
the L and R label (found on the rear of the clear capsule). Why didn’t Westone
use black lettering? A workaround would be to use a different colored form tip
(blue or red) for the R.4.  The audio cable was flimsy and prone to knotting.
The UM Pro was supplied with a twisted audio cable (with a very thin gauge for L
and R). If you bend a thin gauge too often (refer to issue no. 5, below), the
inner strands will fray and you will lose sound signal. There are thicker gauge
cables available, but why not supply it?5.  The hard storage case was not
functional. They supplied a water-tight and air-tight storage case to hold the
IEM. I have no idea why they saw a need for this, but if so, it should be larger
to accommodate the earpiece and cables (perhaps you are expected to disconnect
the cables before storing the 2 earpieces?). If the cables get caught when you
close the case it will tend to short out the cable. Also, the latch is very hard
to open and close.In sum, although I had high expectations for this product, the
serious design flaws make this product unuseable for me.
    They have a unique sound for sure, however I wasn't expecting distortion at
high volume considering the price. Also the cord, while braided, seems cheap and
flimsy. I think it could use an additional rubber coating around all of the
wires. The included hard case was a really nice touch, and keeps the headphones
protected.They are very comfortable and the foam tips work well in isolating the
sound. Adjusting the equalizer on my phone helped some however they could use
more low end range. If you are a bass head, these are definitely NOT for you.If
Westone made a pair specifically for everyday use as opposed to stage use I
would be all over it. Especially considering the fact that they are made in the
U.S.
    These in ear monitors are amazing!!!! I am very happy with my purchase,
worth every penny.
    I use these as a backup pair of in-ear monitors, and I really like the fit
and sound. I generally use 64audio custom molds, but I keep this pair with my
music gear in case I don't have my molds with me. The quality of sound is good,
especially at this price point. Expect them to require a bit of burn-in straight
out of the box. After a couple hours of use, they fill out nicely. When not
using custom molds, I do prefer the fit of Westones over other big names.
