    最初は、大丈夫かなぁ〜って思って居ましたが、期待を裏切るメチャクチャ最高のアタッチメントでした！！ＦＰＳ全般で活躍できるアタッチメントですよ！！付ける前
と付けない後では全然エイムが違います！！エイムが断然やりやすくなりました！！最高で最強のアタッチメントですよ(⌒▽⌒)y
    いつもはボルテックスを愛用してましたが、かっこいいしCODが好きなので購入しました。主にR6S、COD、フォートナイトをプレイした感想を言いますと。個人
的にボルテックスより操作、リコイルがしやすい感じがしました。しかもかっこいいので買ってよかったです！
    エイム力があがりました。愛用していたGKSが見違えるほどoverpoweredになりました。
    R6Sで右スティックに使用しています。良い点・取れやすいと言う評価があるがプレイ中に取れたことはない。プラスチックなので安心感がある。・エイム力が上がる
。感度を上げても正確にエイムできる。悪い点・包装が少し雑一度開けた形跡もあったし本体が剥き出しやから埃がついててなんか少し嫌なので綺麗にしてから使いました。
    高さを低い方と高い方のセットにして欲しかった…気持ち高めで自分は低い方のGALAXYを愛用しており 合わなかった。
    自分的にはあと少し短いほうがいいかも
    codにハマりすぎて買いました。初めてフリークを使ってみましたが操作性が向上しました。微調整がしやすく外れにくいです
    凹み型のフリークであるウルトラやクラシックに比べて凹みが浅い。操作はしやすい。いただけないのはせっかくのデザインがいいのに、フリークのツメ部分がコントロ
ーラーに干渉、デザイン通りにアナログスティックに付けられない場合がある。そこだけが残念。
    very comfy if you have big hands, tall and easy to use. just a bit pricey
for what they are but I will be buying more for other controllers. gameplay
seems a lot better, locking on to targets is better in fps games and also 3rd
person games like fortnite, recommend.
    2 small pieces of plastic and rubber for £24 ! They also sit too high on the
original joysticks.  I won’t be making this pricey mistake again !
    Let me tell you these look fantastic and also feel amazing
    Very happy with my purchase
    Was expecting 2 different sizes but got 2 the same size but the pic shows
what i was expecting so i had to buy another set
    My son loves them
    My son is very happy with this item
    decent. Fall off from time to time on racing games. The clips could be
better.
    Makes it more comfortable
    For the past couple years I've used cheap extensions that are just bigger
thumbsticks that slide over the top of the original and over stock noticed a
huge improvement in how I play.I bought these with a set of the stiffening rings
and have to say out of the gate I'm very impressed (understanding there is going
to be a learning curve)! I'm probably going to ditch the stiffening ring on the
left thumbstick and possibly rock it at stock height ;but for now I'm trying
both thumbsticks.For the thumbstick extension type of modifications I think all
players can benefit from using them in all games.
    La primera sensación que tuve al probarlos por primera vez, es que eran algo
incómodos debido a que los notaba demasiado altos. A los pocos minutos, me di
cuenta que solo era una cuestión de costumbre, pues ahora me parecen muy
cómodos.Respecto al juego, mejora mucho la precisión y la jugabilidad, creo que
son de gran ayuda para este tipo de juegos. El acabado está muy conseguido y el
agarre es excelente.El acople al mando de la ps4 es inmejorable.En definitiva,
producto recomendable 100%.
    Ofrecen mayor precisión en los movimientos en los dos palancas, son muy
ergonómicos y de agarre perfecto puesto que no resbalan los dedos. La
personalización está muy bien hecha.Para el que no esté acostumbrado a usar
estos suplementos puede parecer que quedan un poco altos pero rápidamente te
acostumbras y para juegos 'shooter' es una ventaja usarlos.
    Gekauft wurden die Thumbsticks natürlich für das Game BO4 wo mein Aim echt
ziemlich miserabel war.Dieser ist nun nur noch miserabel, aber es wird von Tag
zu Tag besser. Klar, vielleicht wäre dieser auch ohne diese Sticks besser
geworden, aber optisch machen die jedenfalls etwas her. Ein Stern Abzug für den
Preis.Haptik und Optik sind  jedenfalls einwandfrei.
    Era para un regalo que me pidieron los niños. Lo veo carisimo por lo que es.
    The product was delivered quickly.I am a huge CoD fan and these look just
amazing and work like a charm.They will take around 8 to 12 matches to get used
to if you are a begginer, but if you are a semi-pro or a pro then it would take
around 4 to 5 matches.This KontrolFreek is a mid to high rise analog
extender.I've been using for more than 6 months and so far no problems.BTWI'm a
pro and have been playing CoD games for more than 9 years and this imroved my
accuracy so drastically that i find it impossible to miss.
    I was a little skeptical about it but it works great, I’m very new with
shooting games and I can see my improvements with this thumbs, a little
overpriced but they’re well made and easy to put on. Works on PS5 Controller
just perfect.
    utilizzato su ps4 con controller nacon revolution perfettamente
compatibile!all'inizio si fa un po' fatica a prenderci la mano ma dopo poche ore
la comodita' dei Freek si inizia a far sentire.Utilzzo principale COD e
onestamente la mia mira e' migliorata..... provare per credere!
    Ich verwende sie seit mehr als 2 Jahren und sie passen perfekt und machen
das Zielen einfacher. Für den Preis unschlagbar um das eigene Spiel auf ein
höheres Level zu heben.
    Son de calidad y se juega mejor a juegos como Call of duty (No te va a hacer
mejor).No le doy 5 estrellas porque son un poco caros
    Ci vuole coraggio a vendere due miseri tappini di gomma a 20 euro (40.000
lire!) ma ci vuole ancora più coraggio a comprarli!
    Great quality, works will for FPS games.Those complaining about the hight im
assuming dont understand what they are for. They are to decrease travel distance
of your thumb toggles for better and faster accuracy.
    Super. Wirklich besser als andere Modelle, da es bei meinen Controllern zum
ersten Mal richtig fest sitzt. Man kann sich ohne Probleme auch mal hektisch mit
dem Spieler umdrehen, ohne dass der Stick wieder unter das Sofa rollt.Extra plus
Punkt: passt sogar auf den nacon pro 2
    Es producto sinceramente es muy caro no os lo recomiendo por qué hay más
controlfreeks más baratos y con variedad grandes pequeños diferentes colores
etc.Llegó rápido y es de calidad
    Unpraktisch aufzustecken, weniger Grip und Controlling als Vorher. Bin
enttäuscht und nutze die Dinger überhaupt nicht!
    They pop off all the time so I crazy glued them on.
    Funcionan genial. Se quedan totalmente acopados a las palancas y no se
mueven
    Ich bin schwer begeistert von dem Produkt .Habe dadurch auch weitere
bestellt und alle samt sehen gut aus, perfekte Verarbeitung und Funktion wie
beschrieben :)
    Todo correcto, lo pedimos para la oficina y muy bien
    Didnt get the thumbsticks depicted in the picture. I purchased concave ones
for a reason and the ones I received are not with a complete different design
    sent me another set of bo4 grips totally different design and kinda ugly,
but they work good
    Todo correcto en tiempo y forma, parece resistente y el diseño le ha enviado
cantado a los chicos
    Ottimi le ho iniziati a provare da ieri e mi sto trovando benissimo
    Ergonotmicos y cómodos.Al principio puede que tengas sensacion rara por lo
alto que son, pero en cuanto te acostumbras  no podrás jugar sin ellos.
    Pretty neat. My son says he loves them.
    Versatili
    Utilissimi ma 16,99€ per due pezzettini di plastica è veramente esagerato.
    Perfecto pra juego shotters y de mas no pierden la calidad y no se me
resbala el dedo van de lujo después de 1 año
    Calidad/precio razonable
    Bueno
    They Don’t Fit Original Ps4 Controllers
    The only stick extension worth considering.  Don't waste money on any other
product.
    It actually helps...who knew
    Va en el mando genial , y lo recibí rapidisimo
    My son is obsessed with these! Best Christmas present ever
    It is co cool. It provides a good grip to play games. I recommend buying
this product. Worth it.
    Funziona bene
    La notabilidad se palpa al jugar, es totalmente beneficioso para mas
destreza durante el uso!!!
    They're good I guess but I can't believe they charge this much for two
little pieces of plastic?
    Product works well but I received a different item with a different
design/colour
    Excellent product. Highly recommend.
    Nach einer kleinen eingewöhnung super stickst !
    super good bought it for my bf and he loves it
    Passen auch einwandfrei auf meinen Nacon wie auf den Fotos zu sehen.
    Estan bn de primerasAber lo ke dura en desgastarsee jajaj
    Thanks
    I didn’t actually receive the exact ones I wanted. Still great for any FPS
game you plan on playing
    You only need to put one on ur aiming stick .
    Good quality.
    Real good and comfortable addition to controllers
    Das einzige was ich bemängele ist die verarbeitung. Für das geld erwarte ich
eine bessere verarbeitung!
    I don’t really see the difference
    Sublime
    Love it
    Great control freaks
    Perfetto
    Amazing product
    Non servono a nulla
    Molto buono
    Todo perfecto y rápido
    Very good
    J’ai acheter ce joystick car je n’avais pas les moyens de m’acheter une
manette par exemple de la marque scuf qui aurai permis d’avoir un joystick sur-
élevé. De très bonne qualité et j’en suis très satisfait
    Todo ok
    Dont realy like the ps4 controller and these make it worse
    Quality of product overall was perfect, well made. I noticed an improvement
right away between aiming and comfort.I mostly play COD and these helped with
more precise aim. I noticed within the first game. If you some how are missing
your mark and come up short frequently, try lowering the speed sensitivity. This
will also help your aim. Hope this helps!! Good luck fellow gamers!!
    They work great, when they stay on! Keep having issues with the right one
falling off while in the middle of a gun battle with another player... very
annoying. Buy at your own risk. They don't stay on the controller very well.
Wish they were more secure around the thumb sticks.Contemplating gluing them in
place. I have 3 controllers ... maybe just designate this one for FPS games
only.
    I like the concept but the item just didn't click with me. Using it for a
while and my hands are fairly big, bought this product to reduce strain on my
thumbs which worked but my accuracy and precision decreased pretty
significantly. Fast learner and adaptable but this product just doesn't feel
right.However everybody is different
    I read a bunch of reviews and a lot said they did not like these at first
but to stick with them and give them time and you get used to them. That's
exactly what i did. I didn't like them at first cause it felt really strange but
the second and third day i got used to them and now i can't imagine not using
them. Playing BO4 blackouti noticed my aim got better and my k/d ratio is
climbing slowly. All and all im very satisfied with this purchase and i would
recommend them to anyone playing on a console.
    Good quality. They pop right on. I just don’t think I can play with them. I
have my sensitivity way up I order to move fast and these make it harder to aim
in my opinion.
    They r awesome but do not fit the Razer raiju tho and I feel like that
should be in description no worries tho I put them on my normal controller that
I use from time to time
    I noticed drastic improvement in my game a couple of hours into using them.
Went from getting 4-5 kills a game in warzone to getting 8-11. I only use one on
my right stick.After a while the right stick begins to push inward though and
the attachment no longer works the same. Not sure if it’s the kontrol freek or
ps4 controller’s fault though. Tried it on multiple controllers, and while it
starts off well, it always comes back to the same problem
    Both are the longer length which I like. The are super nice looking and
definitely recommend if you want a pair. If you’ve never used them before. Give
it like 3 days and you should adapt to them.
    Great look & responsiveness with #Kontrollfreeks.  I've been a huge fan of
them & will continue in the next gen of consoles,
    My son plays Black Ops 4 on his PS4 and it says it helps him move around and
stuff faster.
    One of the two had loose plastic grip so after just few games it got loosen
enough to fly out of my dualshock. The other one is still on but who
knows.Otherwise its ok.
    It really helps...
    Love these and they really help playing FPS.  They will be used long after
Black Ops IIII is a distant memory (which sadly it already is).
    Nice, I use one on the right stick on a ps4 controllers for shooters like
Call of Duty,  but not super-durable.
    We didn't realize these would only fit official ps controllers.
    My second order of them. I'll never game without them. The only issue is I
use a PS4 SCUF and you do have to change the controller sticks to the plastic so
they'll snap on, but no problem.
    Increased ergonomics for your thumbs. I have slight Caroptunnle with these
mu hands did not freeze up. Made game play way easier. Will. Ot play another
game with them.
    ok price to high when the kontrol freeks come off the joysticks more times
than i count
    Bought as a gifted.
    the extensions are good when they stay on the sticks, fall off at least
every other round. price is a bit hight for what they are.
    It was not purchased for myself
    Great product and great service 👍
    It really help you to respond fast and control your movement in the game!
    These are okay. They come off to easy for my liking.
    These thumb sticks are fantastic! I own most but all the kontrolfreeks. And
these feel like a hybrid with good grip all around. These also make switching
between games easier as if your someone like me who’s always changing out their
sticks. You can’t go wrong here.
    Son loved it for Christmas
    They improve gameplay significantly.
    Well I heard about the product on YouTube and thought I would buy it with
that said when it’s stays on my controller it actually helps me be more
competitive during the BO4 games. It comes off often.
    My husband absolutely loves these.  He thought I was crazy when I told him
about them but once he used them a couple games, he won’t use a controller
without them.
    My son loves them so good
    Have been using Kontrol Freeks for years and they never disappoint.
    It took a while to get used to but it’s very good
    Good
    These KontrolFreeks are great, a bit tall for my liking but all in all they
are fantastic. Best pair of KontrolFreeks you can buy. Does take some time
getting used to  them but if you like a tall, semi con-caved feel yet very grip
these KontrolFreeks will make a perfect fit for you.
    Went through 4 different KFs and these are by far the best. I'm not the
biggest fan of the Galaxies or Infernos due to the raised sides or the bumps.
The even surface really helps with control. It also came in a day earlier than
anticipated. Overall 10/10.
    Great for fps games!! Exceeded my expectations!
    Gameplay is way smoother ..great upgrade
    Grandson loves that it's Black Oops 4 of course and the grip control.
    Bought them for the kid. The kid advised unable to play with these on the
controller
    It really helps your gaming. I use only one (right side) for my hand it
feels weird on the left stick and can't really tap quickly the center tab to see
how bad am I doing haha
    Son loves them
    Took longer than expected but recvied them and they feel good. Good
grip,increased movement on the controller. They rise the joysticks up quite a
bit but thats what i wanted.
    This monitor was very hard to get set up.  Both the Hdmi to mini hdmi and
power chords were way too short.  Very bad monitor to try to play Call of Duty
on.
    Really helps you gaming. The grip and control is great.
    Muy bueno
    Good
    One of the Thumb stick will not stay on the controller, multiple remotes, no
warranty from kontrolfreak.
    These are hands down the most comfortable for playing COD. FYI these are
both the same size which in my opinion is best for FPS games. The other type I
ordered was different sizes
    there is noting bad to say about this seller thanks
    I brought it for my grandson as a gift.
    Bought these for my boyfriend, he loved them! Came in perfect condition and
after months of constant use, they still look like new!
    Works great and it won’t wear down and become slippery like the factory
sticks.
    I have been using them for years, can't do without them now. Good product.
    Works good
    Great that they're made in the USA!  If my neighbor doesn't have a job;
sooner or later I won't have one either!
    Works just like yhey say it does. Never used KontrolFreeks before so it
toook some time to get used to but definitly helps
    Cod on the PS.
    Se ve muy bien no los he probado pero se sienten de muy buena calidad
    When I tried putting them on my thumb sticks they kept falling off when I
used my controller and I picked the right size too.
    Love these extensions a little taller than my previous pair,Didnt take long
to adjust to the difference.Reasonable price and arrived fast.
    This series and the "Grav Slam" is perfect for blackout to any multiplayer
or first person shooter. (Wolfenstein,Doom,Fallout & etc.)
    Really great feel to it and worth every penny. Thanks
    I was skeptical but these things are amazing and will never play a game
without them again!
    Feels pretty decent, you get used to it
    These really help in Call of Duty. It's easier and faster aiming and easier
to control.
    Excellent product
    It is what I wanted, what I ordered and got it in 2 days. IT also works
GREAT!
    Nice
    My nephew is very happy with it and his happiness is all that matters.
    My grandson love bed it
    I like it
    Bought these for my brother and they help him play his ps4 great
    It honestly is so helpful when it comes to playing games, as I initially
thought that it was just another useless attachment, I highly recommend it!
    gaming
    Perfect for aiming
    Really did give me more control especially in racing games.
    No problem with these.
    Comfortable!
    There to high up otherwise there greatt
    I'm very thanksfully with my products!
    Great grip! Definitely worth getting!
    Amazing grip and aiming
    Awesome
    Can’t play without it. I’m hooked!
    Nice
    It is awesome! My boyfriend loves it 💕💕
    son muy buenos recomendables
    Pretty good works well on my PS4 controllers
    They are really i love the concave design alot and bo4 thanks keep pushing
them out guy
    Love these
    Good
    Everything
    Good as always
    Great gift
    Good product
    Mi paquete no llego a mi buzón.. me siento de una deserción . 😡
    Tiene un excelente agarre muy útil para jugar cualquier video juego
    Buena calidad
    They feel good
    Excelent !!
    Amazing
    Didn't like the design of the top thumb. it hurted my thumb and made cut
while at it.
    Black Ops IV out tonight!  Gonna get my Freek on!!  I used these thumbsticks
for WWII and they really give more control over movement and accuracy when
aiming.  Love em'.  Well worth the investment if you like to game.
    A+
    Perfect height for 1st and 3rd person shooters
    Works great.
    Works perfect.
