    PS4スリム初期タイプ付属コントローラのUSB端子修理のためJDS-040を購入。ボタンゴムの交換等幾度かの分解のせいか、ケーブルの端子部分が剝がれ始め
ていたため、ケーブル付きのこちらを選びました。取り付けて動かしてみたところ、動作はしましたがいくつか問題があったため、参考の為にレビューします。1.ライトの色味
が変わる他のメーカーの商品レビューでもありましたが、充電中を示すオレンジのライトがレモンイエローになります。動作に問題は無いと思われますが、気になる方は注意。2
.ケーブルがやや長めケーブルが純正品よりやや長いため少し気を付けないと組み立て時にケーブルをケースで挟んでしまうかもしれません。下手をすると内部で断線する可能性
もあるので注意が必要です。3.ケーブル接続端子が両面型これが一番の問題ですが、ケーブル接続端子が表裏両対応の別の形のものを使っています。ぱっと見て純正と逆向きに
金具があるように見えるため、ひねって逆向きに取り付けるものと思えます。ですが、逆向きに取り付けると通電しないどころか、順序逆で通電してしまいます。最悪コントロー
ラーの基盤どころかUSB接続でPS4本体にまで悪影響が出かねないので、気を付ける必要があります。正しい向きは青い押し込み用のプラ板が手前に見えるように差し込むこ
とです。ちなみに同梱のカードに記載されたURLに、英語ですが手順の解説が画像付きでありましたが、最初期型で形が違うものしかなかったです。一応、ケーブルの向きはそ
ちらの画像と同じなので判断がつかなければ一度見てみることをお勧めします。4.付属ドライバーに磁石機能がないドライバーに関してはおまけのようなものですし、さして問
題ともいえないかもしれませんが、私のところに届いたドライバーには磁力は一切ありませんでした。デュアルショック4のネジは小さいためドライバーに磁石の機能がないとす
ぐにぽろぽろとネジが落ちます。小さい分、なくすと探すのが大変なため利用しないほうがいいでしょう。私は自前のドライバーを使いました。以上、問題点を列挙してみました
。正しく使えば動作はするため星は３とさせていただきますが、一見で間違えやすいく間違えると問題がある３については、もっと周知するべきだと思います。
    問題なく交換できました。付属ケーブルがやや長めなので内部で引っかからないか気になりましたが、大丈夫みたいです。長いことでかえって扱いやすい（コントローラ
を分解するときに引っ掛けにくくなる）かも。
    くそったれが
    I bought these as I was in the same position as everyone else & needed a new
charging port. These fit and because they come with new ribbon cables it is a
better kit than a lot of the single port kits.However.....I replaced this
JDS-011 charging port in May 2020 and by September 2020 I had to replace the
first replacement port because it had failed too. It is currently November 2020
and the second port in the kit has failed, necessitating the purchase of another
JDS-011 kit - this makes me unhappy.
    Once selected the right component, this product is exactly what we needed.
We managed to repair the controller, with no problem at all, and we made a huge
savaing, and also we repaired rather than buying a new one so we reduced our
impact on the planet. You just need to make sure you select the right component
for the right controller.
    This part managed to kill my controller in less than 60 seconds.To  start
off i fix electronics on a daily basis - so am more than competant performing
repairs. i fitted teh new charging pot (JDS-040) and and connected to my PS4 Pro
and the charging light turned on, after about 30 Seconds the light flickered and
went off. i picked up the controller and it was getting really Hot, and refused
to power on. i then replaced the port with the second one in the pack  but still
it wont turn on but the controller however it continues  get hot when ever
connected to the power in a last ditch effort to check the controller was still
working replaced with my original non-charging port and tried to turn on but  no
power LED. these replacement parts are defective and have killed my controller,
which wouldn't have me that mad except that a Genuine Dual shock 4 is £44, i
have not doubt that with the speed my controller was heating up these are a Very
Serious Fire Risk
    Arrived on time and well packaged. Tool came in handy and the parts were
easy to change. Worked well for my PS4 DualShock controller.
    The USB ports are great and I was able to fit them in my DualShock 4s
easily. I noticed that one of the ribbons in the pack were faulty as one of the
controllers wasn’t turning on. I had to use an old ribbon to make the dual shock
work. Other than that, my controllers are working again.
    Great new item but unfortunately did not solve my proplem with my
controller.Possibly somethibg elseBought new controller
    Was a pretty easy fix, followed one of the many videos on YouTube.
Controller is now charging fine, like new for a few quid. Better than forking
out £50 for a new controller.
    It works very well. The ribbon cable is longer then the original. Makes it
easier to plug in. Very good
    As I'd hoped, I replaced my existing charger with one of these, and saved
splurging £50 on a new controller!Very easy to replace when you look at youtube
videos... just clicks in and then screw everything back together.
    Good stuff, easy repair
    Solved the problem
    DO NOT USE THIS PRODUCT , I bought this product a while ago and only just
got around to fitting them to my pad and all I got was a pop and smoke coming
from my pad . I am now the proud owner of a brokenmpad thanks to this product DO
NOT BUY !!
    Absolutely perfect. Had 2 dead controllers that no longer charged (heavy
handed kids fumbling with the leads). Swapped over, dead simple to do & took
about 10 minutes. Would 100% order again
    Quality
    too well there are no glitches and 1 spare comes in handy with this product
    Great product, came with everything I needed and was at a great price.
Managed to get my controller charging again!
    Great item enabled me to fix both Ps4 pads for under a tenner..... Took
minutes to do with clear instructions via link to guide. Thankyou
    Replacement works a treat, happy lad here
    I have only used the ribbons so far and they work well. But the other piece
doesn’t look like it can be screwed on like the original piece
    Fantastic product easy fix
    Very easy to install and works like it should 👍🏻
    It was really good and easy to put it on the controller I’m very happy with
it
    Worked perfectly easy to install great product
    The two micro USB port I bought don’t work,wouldn’t bother buying this
product
    a bit expensive when compared to other sellers i found after ordering, but
it worked and installation was quite easy and my charging issues with my DS4
controller are now gone
    To fix my ps4 pad! Works great
    Unfortunately they don't work
    10/10
    Worked 100% plus you get 2 so have a spare just incase needed again
    Tried both charge ports and ribbons and none worked.
    Le pongo una estrella porque no funciona bien. El Conector donde se
introduce la cinta del cableado no hace buen contacto y pierde su función.
Aunque introduzcas bien la cinta y aprietes el microcierre, no conecta. Sería
mejor que el sistema fuese solo introducir la cinta a presión, como el original.
    La placa encaja perfectamente con la primera versión del mando de Ps4. En mi
caso he podido utilizar los cables que se incluyen sin problema y funciona al
100%. Lo bueno es que lleva dos unidades y ya la tengo por si se me rompe otro
mando. Además lleva un destornillador y el producto se entrega en una bolsita
antiestática. Muy contento.
    Consiglio di non comperare il Kit completo ma solo il connettore singoli che
non funziona, il cacciavite non serve, come non servono le bretelle di
connessione, conviene lasciare le originali. E' possibile acquistare solo i
connettori danneggiati risparmiando molto sul prezzo totale del Kit completo
    Consegna arrivata in tempi rapidi, come sempre. Smontato il controller e
sostituita la schedina microusb insieme al nastro in dotazione, non carica
comunque tramite il cavo usb. Nessuno dei due controller. Ho risolto acquistando
un caricatore esterno che ricarica i controller tramite la porta ext degli
stessi. Molto meglio, si evita di smontare e rischiare di fare danni.
    Die Steckverbindung zum Kabel ist echt ein Witz und viel schlechter als beim
Original. Das hält null und rutscht ständig wieder raus. Selbst mit den eigens
mitglierferten Kabeln. Kann die guten Bewertungen nicht verstehen, vielleicht
passt es bei einem der anderen Modelle besser. Ich bin damit sehr unzufrieden.
Laden lässt sich der Akku nach dem Austausch übrigens auch nicht. Geht auf jeden
Fall zurück. Das für den Preis ist echt ärgerlich.
    Ottimi pezzi di ricambio per controller PS4. In particolare è la porta usb
per l'innesto del cavo per la ricarica della batteria.C'è anche il cacciavite in
dotazione che è utile. Prestate attenzione alla fascia di collegamento, cercate
di non sgualcirla troppo nell'inesto.
    Ho acquistato questi Dock di ricarica per riparare il joystick della PS4 dei
miei fratelli.L’ho ordinati sabato pomeriggio e lunedì mattina alle nove e mezza
mi sono stati consegnati.Puntualissimi.Subito dopo la consegna ho effettuato la
riparazione sul controller, e per il momento sembra funzionare
perfettamente.Sono soddisfatto, almeno per ora.P.S. Il cacciavite in dotazione è
abbastanza resistente.Consigliato.
    La schedina è perfettamente compatibile con l'esistente i cui contatti si
sono usurati e rovinati col passare del tempo e con l'uso a volte improprio da
parte di mio figlio; semplice e immediata la sostituzione. Fate attenzione solo
ad aprire il joypad ed a richiuderlo correttamente! Consiglio: una volta
sostituita la schedina e richiuso il joypad, prima di rimettere e stringere le 4
viti, assicurateri che tutti i tasti e i joystich ruotino e si muovano
correntamente senza impuntamenti strani.
    Ich habe mir diese Ersatz-Ladebuchsen vor einem Weile gekauft. Heute musste
ich dann meine Ladebuchse austauschen und stellte fest, dass die Ersatzteile
nicht vollständig bestückt sind und somit auch kein Ladevorgang möglich ist. Im
Bild sieht man links das Original von Sony und rechts die beiden gekauften
Ersatzteile.  Man kann erkennen, dass die SMD Pads unterhalb der USB Buchse
nicht bestückt sind.
    El conector funciona, el cable plano no sirve de nada porqué no funciona,
solo funciona el original que viene con el mando de Sony.
    Ottimi componenti per sostituire quelli difettosi o danneggiati dei
controller PS4. Attenzione al pezzo da ordinare: non tutti i controller sono
uguali ed ognuno richiede un pezzo diverso
    Ich wusste zuerst nicht welche Platine / welches Modul ich auswählen sollte
und schaute alle Artikel durch.Hier ist alles gut beschrieben gewesen!Ich
zerlegte daraufhin meinen Controller und prüfte den Modell-Typ, welcher sich auf
der Platine befindet.Zack - korrekter Artikel bestellt - eingebaut - geht!Bin
sehr zufrieden!
    Una vez cambiado el conector,el mando de la ps4 me funciona y carga bien, el
cable lo cambié por gusto y no funcionaba y tuve que volver a poner el original
q estaba bien, pero ya no se si es que no lo puse correctamente el nuevo .
    Fallaba la carga del mando de la PS4 de mi sobrino, me informe y vi que esta
pieza solía ser la causante de dicha avería, pedí el recambio del mando
correspondiente y perfecto, encima trae 2 piezas.
    Wie auf dem Bild zu sehen is die Steckverbindung einfach nur billig und
fällt zumindest bei einer Lade Platine sofort auseinander! Die zweite wurde dann
verbaut aber siehe da? Es funktioniert trotzdem nicht! Da die mitgelieferten
Kabeln nicht die richtigen bzw. defekt waren hab ich die von meinem anderen
Controller verwendet und erst jetzt hat alles funktioniert!Würd ich hier NIE
WIEDER BESTELLEN!!!
    Por ahora perfecto. Se nota más apretada la clavija que en el original, lo
que me gusta mucho. A ver cuanto aguanta. Lo recomiendo. Llegó antes de lo
indicado por Amazon
    Acquistato per aggiustare un joystick ps4. Prima di acquistare ho
controllato il modello del chip interno al joystick e questo acquisto mi ha reso
possibile la riparazione
    Articolo inutile, non funziona, non affidabileAssolutamente lontano dall’
originaleHo intenzione di renderlo
    Riparato il controller, led un po' spenti invece, non sembra per niente con
quello originale ma a me poco importa, funziona
    Anche se ha l'attacco per il cavo a SX invece che a DX come l'originale
funziona benissimo.
    Article reçu le surlendemain. Très bien emballé. J'ai commandé cette pièce
pour remplacer celle de ma manette PS4 qui ne chargeait plus. En suivant un tuto
sur YouTube, ca m'a demandé 10min. Ma manette charge de nouveau, c'est parfait.
J'ai économisé 50€. Vérifiez bien la version de la pièce qu'il vous faut avant
de commander, la pièce est différente en fonction de votre manette. Pour cela,
démontez votre manette et regardez les numero sur la pièce afin. De commander la
bonne.
    Arrivato in netto anticipo, Buon prodotto uguale all'originale, la
confezione come sempre ben imballata con all'interno un piccolo cacciavite per
lo smontaggio e smontaggio. Ottimo prodotto consiglio. Ottima qualità
    Me gusta su fácil instalación y no me gusta tener que pagar por dos cuando
solo necesito uno.
    identico all'originale  qualità ottima spedizione nella norma
    Ottimo prodotto arrivato in poco tempo.
    Pude solucionar uno de los dos mandos cambiando esta pieza, el otro debe
tener algún problemilla más, sigo intentando recuperarlo.
    articolo perfetto...con un po' di paziente si riesce a risparmiare 40
euro....
    Llevo un día con él por ahora va bien no tengo ningún problema todo funciona
perfectamente y la calidad precio muy buena
    Perfetti, 2 moduli all’apparenza originali, montati e nessun problema è
risultato.Consigliato!
    Súper  rápido y fácil de poner. Funciona a la perfección.
    Si trova anche se non è identico all'originale ma molto simile. Buon
prodotto. Ok
    Prodotto ottimo.montato ed è perfetto meglio dell' originale.venditore più
che puntuale.
    La porta mi è sembrata migliore rispetto a quella originale... sostituzione
semplice .. tutto ok
    Funktioniert und schaut sehr gut verarbeitet aus
    Con questo articolo ho riparato la ricarica wireless del mio joystick
PS4.State attenti ai codici mi raccomando
    Encaje perfecto y muy util el destornillador que incluye. Importante
identificar el modelo de placa antes de pedir la referencia correspondiente.
    Que nos hemos ahorrado un dinero en la reparación de. Un mando de la video
cnsola
    Ottimo prodotto consiglio🔝
    Je l'ai acheté parce que ma manette ne se rechargeait plus, maintenant tout
va mieux, pas besoin d'en acheter une nouvelle :).Merci aussi pour le tournevis
qui facilite un peu les choses, même si la partie connexion du ruban de la
partie inférieure vers supérieure est un peu difficile. Mais en prenant son
temps tout va bien !Bought it because my countroller wasn't charging anymore,
now it's all good, don't even have to buy a new one ! :)The included screwdriver
is very helpful but the "ribbon part" where you have to connect the bottom and
top parts is pretty hard. Just take your time and it'll flow like water.
    Perfetto ho sistemato il mio controller
    arrivato nei tempi giusti e imballo perfetto. monato e funzionante...
    Conforme e facile da sostituire
    semplicemente perfetto, facile da montare.
    + Schnelle Lieferung+ sicher verpackt+ passt perfekt+ funktioniert
einwandfreiBei der Bestellung nicht vergessen auf die verschiedenen
Versionsnummern zu achten.
    Me funciono perfectamente, bastante facil de cambiar si tienes un poco de
cuidado y paciencia, yo solo cambie la placa, use la faja original por no
complicarme.
    Ottimo e veloce nella spedizione
    Tutto perfetto grazie
    Ben fatto molto buono
    Perfetto!!! Arrivato nei tempi e riparazione effettuata !!! Senza il bisogno
di cambiare il controller!!!
    ottimo prodotto
    Montato, ha funzionato da subito. Perfetto e identico all'originale, nessun
problema di montaggio o fissaggio. Pratico il cacciavite in dotazione.
    Viene uno nada más y en la foto como en las especificaciones dice claramente
que suministran dos!!!!
    Sin problemas
    Die LEDs sind ein bisschen schwach aber die Buchse erfüllt ihren Job.
    Uno está roto y casi quemado el mi mando
    Schnelle Lieferung. Einfacher Austausch. Funktioniert wieder.
    Problema risolto in 2 minuti
    Bien
    Top. Gibt nichts zu bemängeln. Controller auf, alte Buchse raus, neue rein.
Fertig. Lädt und läuft.
    Ottimo prodotto funzionano perfettamente
    tutto perfetto installazione molto semplice
    Perfetti e,funzionali
    Ottimo prodotto, arrivato prima del tempo. Ho salvato 2 controller.
Consigliato.!
    Come da descrizione,  ottimo prodotto anche se un po caro ..
    valido costa poco
    arrivato puntuale moolto sodisfatto
    Alles passt
    Prodotto perfetto
    Il prodotto era ottimo, il piccolo cacciavite molto comodo e la consegna
precisa
    Funciona bien pero falta una de las tiras de LED
    Les pièces m'ont bien servis mais dommage qu'il n'y ait pas de vis avec ça
j'ai abîmé 2 vis avec le tournevis qui doit être un poil trop gros. Satisfait
une fois finit mais c'était donc compliqué à visser correctement.
    Perfetto! Finalmente i joystick si caricano di nuovo!
    I pezzi errano perfetti, dopo montaggio il controller si carica di nuovo e
funziona perfettamente.
    Exactly what I needed, works perfectly, well packed and shipped quickly.
    Prezzo qualità buona, al momento funziona perfettamente.
    Ma manette de PS4 ne se rechargeait plus. Je l'ai démonté pour avoir le
numéro du modèle du connecteur de charge puis j'ai commandé ce produit
(attention à bien regarder le numéro du modèle). Il s'installe en même pas 5
minutes et la manette se charge sans problème. Je recommande.
    Facile montaggio e ottima grafica qualità
    Perfecto.
    Justo lo que me hacia falta para reparar el mando de la ps4
    Perfecto, muy fácil de cambiar por el averiado.
    Llegó en la fecha establecida por el vendedor y funcionando perfectamente
    Ottimo prodotto.
    Utilissimo poter acquistare pezzi di ricambio.....includono anche un mini
cacciavitecacciate.
    Non hanno risolto il mio problema ma sembrano ottimi
    Les soudures du port USB sont à revoir mais le pack comprends 2 x carte +2 x
nappe, ce qui rattrape le tirePour les bricoleurs je conseil de refaire les
points de soudure
    Ne correspond même pas à ma manette. J'ai attendu une semaine pour une pièce
qui ne va pas
    juste besoin de la bande et ca fonctionne
    Muy baja calidad
    Lo que esperaba .perfecto
    Estremamente soddisfatto dal prodotto, tutto funzionante e di qualità.
    Lo justo y necesario para arreglar tu mando de ps4 dualshock V2. Muy
contento con el producto, fácil montaje y útil. Muchas gracias!
    Prodotto come me lo aspettavo.. ottimo
    Acheter car la nappe de ma manette était casser. J'ai décider de changer par
la même occasion le port de charge. Pas déçus, il y a deux fois le kit pour
réparer 2 manette
    Funciona perfectamente para los mandos de PS4
    Perfecto
    so good items
    Pas forcément de bonnes pièce pour une manette PS4, produits livrés
rapidement,mais parfois , sinon c'est plutôt une bonne répartition quantité prix
    Ho riparato il mio dualshock per ps4 in un attimo.
    Colocado y probado, perfecto.
    recomendado 100%
    Funciona perfectamente
    Le colis est bien arrivé, mais le matériel ne fonctionne pas, du moins pas
totalementMa manette ne s'allume pas sans que je la branche sur oe PCJ'ai changé
la nappe pour ça, et aucun changement entre l'ancienne et les nouvelles
    todo muy bien muy buen material
    Todo perfecto
    remplacement de piéce defectueuse
    funzionano perfettamente
    come da descrizione.e la spedizione puntuale
    Calidad precio bien
    Me ha venido muy bien . merece la pena.
    Ruban blanc ne correspond pas à la prise changer donc obliger de prendre le
vieux car pas compatible...
    QUALITA' PREZZO OK,SERVE ALLO SCOPO
    Conforme à la description. Fonctionne très bien.
    Il était abîmer sur notre manette plutôt que de changer la manette entière
qui est quand même a 60 €, on a changer ça et parfait cela marche très bien!
    Super 2 manettes PS4 comme neuve :)
    J'ai reçu les embouts micro usb mais pas les nappes pour relier au reste de
la manette
    Grâce à ce kit j'ai pu sauver mes 2 manettes qui se ne rechargeaient plus.Je
recommande.
    J'ai retourné ce colis car les cartes identiques à celles que j'avais
commandées étaient dépourvues de composants électroniques de surface !!!Pour
info, l'électronique était mon métier!!!!JE NE RECOMMANDERAI PAS CES ARTICLES
    Produit correspondant à nos besoin merci
    Perfecto es el suyo encaja perfecto
    Produits défaillants ne fonctionne pas à oublier d urgence !
    Produit de bonne qualité, ma manette fonctionne  de nouveau !
    Très bien
    Conforme
    Remplacement sur console PS4
    j ai achete sa pour ma manette dualshok v2 qcar elle ne chargais plus je le
recommande pour se qui on le jds040
    Parfait
    Parfait
    Nul fonctionne pas tres decus
    Fonctionne parfaitement nickel
    Parfait rapide je recommande
    parfait
    Fonctionne parfaitement
    très bien
    Conforme
    Top
    Super
    So at first I was a little hesitant to buy it, but it did work. Ok so first
my controller wasn’t turning on so I bought a new battery because I didn’t see
anything wrong with port, it wasn’t broken or anything. I replaced the battery
and it did turn on. But it wasn’t charging and so I thought it would be the USB
charging port. I read some negative comments and I wasn’t sure if I should buy
it or not. But at the end I bought it. I mean still cheaper than buying a new
controller. I’m glad I did it seems to be charging. I haven’t connected to my
ps4 since I’m  not at home but seems that it will work. One advice make sure to
fold the flex like the original one. I tested before closing it. But I damage
one of flexes because when I closed it, it got squish  because it wasn’t in the
right position. Finally when I closed it and I tried to charge it, it wasn’t
charging had to opened again I replace the flex for a new one. Good thing they
send two. I folded the same way the original was and it works. You can see it in
the pictures
    This is a day 1 review so I have no clue how these little boards will hold
up, but right out of the box they are a great deal. I actually hadn’t realized
this was a two pack and was really happy to find the second board in the
pack.This is a complete pack. Two boards, two ribbon cables, and a little screw
driver. There’s even a slip of paper directing you to iFixit instructional vids
for the repair guide. Five stars on that alone.Of course the screw driver is
junk, but the boards are nice and tight as far as the ports go and everything
assembled exactly as it should.Highly recommended.
    I purchased this as it was the same one I needed for my controller that was
dead. My Playstation 4 controller quit charging after using my samsung phone
"fast charging" wall wart to charge my controller multiple times....this has
happened to 2 of my controllers before I realized what was causing it. The
controllers would still work as long as the battery had power, they just would
not charge. Anyways, if your controller works, but will not charge, or your cord
has become loose while plugged in, this is what you need. My controller now
charges normally after replacing. The PS4 controller can be a bit of a pain to
take apart, but doable if you take your time. Replacing this part is pretty
straight forward. I wish I didnt have 2 buy a package of 2 of these, but am
really happy my $60 controller is now working again!Make sure the part number
matches the one you purchase or it will not work/fit!Also, the lights on the
controller are not as bright with this replacement as they were the original, I
happen to like this.
    JDS-055 Replacement Charging Port  came on time in a small shock proof
envelope. It took me around half an hour to remove the old port and install the
new. I plugged in the usb cable and it started to charge, success.  The company,
Elecgear, did a great job of explaining the different ports, and the advise/need
of opening your controlling to learn which one you needed was invaluable. This
product works and saves one a lot of money.  One thing to consider is the need
to learn how to open these controllers and close then up again. You do need to
open then to get the type of port you need. So,  open and close then at least
once.
    Worked great,looked 98 percent like the original usb port,easy to install.i
was amazed to see my controller charging like a brand new controller,no shifting
usb cable around for the sweet spot or nothing.i plug it in and bang is starts
to blink and charge.they give u two in a pack so i still have an extra one for
my second controller ever breaks.just as a friendly caution there is another
vendor that sell a very similar product on Amazon which i bought it was
horrible,cheap made and didn't even work.just so i could save like 5 dollars it
was a bad move never again.i am not allowed to tell u the vendor but u guys are
smart so u can narrow it down.i totally recommended this usb port replacement
    Perfect replacement for my PS4 controller charging port.  Came extremely
well packaged - 3 layers of packaging.  Arrived the next day with Prime delivery
and by evening my controller was ready. Installation was easy following a
YouTube tutorial.  Includes precision Phillips 000 screwdriver if needed, 2
ports and 2 cables.I opened the controller prior to buying to verify the exact
model needed.  Be careful as there are 4-5 different model of charging port
depending on when your controller was manufactured.  The dealer has all the
variations so choose knowingly.
    I was able to fix some PS4 controllers that no longer charged by installing
these. Make sure you open the controller and look at the old equipment before
you order so you get the right replacement as there are many different types
depending on what generation PS4 controller you have. There are plenty of
YouTube videos to show how to change it out.  Id your controller no longer
charges keep in mind you may need to change this and buy a new battery.. I also
purchased a new battery as the controller wasn't retaining the charge due to
battery being bad.
    It’s been over a month since I bought it and in the first week it worked but
after a while it stopped working I had to do the same thing and put it in an
angle so it could charge then it stopped working. So I tried the other one and
it didn’t even work. now it doesn’t even work at all it’s promising but it
doesn’t work.
    Take your controller apart first to make sure you get the right
port.Replacing the charging port in my controller was not hard at all. Only 5
screws and peeling back a few foam stickers. The hardest part for me was putting
the 2 halves controller back together.The port and ribbon work great the fit for
the ribbon was a little tight but that is a good thing because that means that
it will stay connected better.
    Fixed my charging port! I use my controller on my pc and it was constantly
disconnecting mid game which was driving me insane.The install was pretty easy,
but still requires you to take the controller apart and some people may struggle
with that.You may have to take the controller apart to check the numbers on the
charging port itself before ordering as there are multiple charging port types
used based on controller model.
    I was skeptical at first but it did it's job. I combined this with a new
battery and my controller works perfectly now. Something you may notice is the
light is not as bright on this board as on the original. This was not a big deal
to me because I like having less light. Overall everything was a breeze to
install and fits in place.
    Just make sure you are getting the correct part by looking at the pictures -
the hardest part is opening up your controller without breaking the plastic tabs
- plenty of how to videos online to show you how to do it - I fixed 4 broken
controllers with these - and they come in a 2 pack! Controllers are being used
every day for the last few months and are working perfectly.
    Works great broke my port replacing my broken shell into a new shell, it's
better than buying a new controllerThe one on the right is the old one, left is
the new with a new ribbon cable great!!Check your old port to make sure you buy
the right one worth it
    I'm glad that I could finally find a seller for these, I've been looking
everywhere for a quick delivery. I have a slight problem as both pieces do fit,
but my the led doesn't turn on for both. Dont know if they're defective or not
but as long as they can charge I'll be alright with no light bar.
    This is great as a DIY fix for ps4 micro USB fix! Just find a YouTube
tutorial on how to change it and you're golden It's! Was much easier than I
thought it would be,, hardest part was prying the control open. It's been a
couple of months since I fixed it and it has been great! I received 2 with the
order so I have a back up in case my 7 year old damages it again.
    I got it to work.  My last review said that this fix didn't help but I
suppose checking the ribbon cable install would've been beneficial.  I now have
a working, charging controller all thanks to this input.
    You do not have to be “tech savvy” to do this, it is only a series of
unscrewing, taking 2 small pieces off and plugging the ribbon in. While
installing I banged my leg on the side of my desk, moved my arm and chipped one
of the pins so be careful! Thankfully came with two! And it works for the
controller you get from the Ps4 slim which is the gen5 controller. Thats
probably why the charging port (micro USB) and light bar motherboard have the
model name JDS-055. It was the exact board that came with the controller. It
worked fine with no issues.
    I use these for two different controllers I got. None of these worked I also
replaced the battery to make sure that was not the cause. I really tried giving
this product a try I broke down apart the controller during three different
occasions just to make sure I gave the product a chance but nothing.
    Saved big bucks with this item when our controller charging port went bad.
Opened it up and removed the old and replaced with this new one and we were
playing COD in no time!
    This worked and kept me from blowing 45 on a new controller.It is very
simple to work with, like lego pieces. Pull out the old, place in the new.
    It is missing a piece. One of them had it, the other one didn't. Now I have
a port I cant use and I need it.Edit: they contacted me and asked me about my
problem and refunded me the money.
    Great kit. Followed instructions and fixed the controller in 20 min (make
sure you take pictures of how things go back together before taking it apart
(youtube tutorial helps a lot). Very satisfied, thanks!
    Works as intended! the microusb fit is a little tighter than stock which is
probably a good thing.wish I didn't have to purchase the cables or mini
screwdriver but it's not a big deal.
    Contacted company about this product. They replied one time and did not
reply again to which the product does not work. These connections are
complicated and the instructions are useless. Hope this help someone save 14
bucks.
    I followed a easy,step by step, YouTube video. Just Google "ps4 controller
repair" and find a DIY that you like. There are several.  Take your controller
apart BEFORE ordering so you can order the right STYLE of charging port. I
tested this process  of repair on my oldest, dead controller (3yrs) its alive
and charging good 👍.  I am pleased with the product ,the care in packaging  and
the reliability that it should work, if installed properly.
    just arrived today, a day ahead of time. easy install with the help of a
couple of Youtube videos. A $5 fix for a $50 controller.
    10$ can repair 2 gen1/2 controllers,. Old but still expensive,.With some
patience and a few “how-to” videos,. this can save you some $$$
    These products worked as soon as i switched out the pieces in the
controller! Brought life back to a dead controller.
    Fixed both my remotes that wouldn’t charge anymore. A lot better than 120$
for new remotes. Simple install anyone could do it.
    It's exactly what it says it it. Fit in the Dual Shock perfectly.  One
difference is on the old one, the ribbon cable just pushes in, on this one,
after you insert the cable, there's a tiny flap to fold down to 'lock' the cable
in.  Controller is charging happily again.
    I found my ps4 controller not charge and watched a video about possible
solutions and eventually I have to replace charging port. I did that step by
step and that successfully work.
    Incredibly easy to install. Verified the model I needed by opening up my ps4
controller and within 15 mins I was up and running and the controller was
charging again!P.S. be sure to press the reset button on the back of the
controller for 3-5 seconds in order to reset the hardware components
    Did that with my kids (10 and 9yr old) as a “project” because they had
broken both connectors by not being careful. They wanted to simply buy new
controllers and I thought it would be a great chance to do a “eletronics
project”. At first they were not into it all but as we went along they got into
it and we were all amazed that it actually worked ! Lol!
    I installed the part but the controller isn’t coming on don’t know if is the
mother board that giving trouble I guess I’ll have to get a new controller 😊
that’s small thing
    Exactly what I needed. My PS4 controller stopped charging and after watching
a couple youtube videos I bought this item and it works fine and my controller
now charges again.
    Work good
    IT IS MISSING THE RIBBON INTERLOCK, WHICH MAKES ITEM USELESS IN A REPAIR
    Worked perfectly. Takes a little bit to install but, there are great videos
on you tube to help.
    This part is missing components on the board that are required for proper
operation.
    This product worked as needed, I had to order Gen 1&2 because I took apart
my controllers too much, but now they work and everything, definitely will get
again if I mess up bad.
    Saved me from throwing away a $60 controller.  Worked perfectly.
    Worked to be an exact fit. Happy the screwdriver was slightly magnetic, it
helped hold the tiny screws. I’ve bought and replaced all 4 controllers now and
everything works just fine.
    Easy to pick the correct part, they list them well. Came with a small
screwdriver (Not a great one, but still appreciated), two boards and two
ribbons. No complaints.
    Fixed my older PS4 controller right up. Make sure you pay attention to the
code/number on yours before you buy
    Easy install.  Fixed my PS4 controller, so now it will charge!
    Replacement parts are low quality, charger doesn't hold chord well which is
inconvenient cause it's too long/gets in way of screw mounts etc,. etc. not
worth the frustration with this kit compared to how easy it should be to replace
    Didn’t work at all!! Installing it was easy but once controller was put back
together, error message popped up saying it didn’t work.
    Don't replace what you can easily fix yourself
    I love it..quicky delivery
    Works like a charm, even though my problem ended up being the batteries.
    Don’t purchase. Circuit boards are missing critical electronic components,
so will not charge the battery.
    Replaced the port and now my controller charges again.  It's only a few days
in, so I'll see how well it holds up over time.  But it did the job as
advertised.
    Fixed my controller that wasnt charging and was easy to install.
    Worked great so far and feels like it’s an even tighter fit than the
original piece the PS4 controller had. I would still suggest looking up a video
to anyone not confident with taking apart the controller but over all very easy
process and would highly recommend this over buying a new controller.
    👍👍👍👍👍👍
    Great product fast shipping
    Arrived on time, came with 2 replacement parts and a screwdriver, (my hubby
said the screwdriver alone was worth the price). Great quality.. Fixed our son's
controller and have an extra part to spare..
    Works fine, only issue is that the product is extremely fragile and the
first port broke trying to insert the connection strap, luckily they were sold
in sets so I had an extra connector to use.
    Very easy to install. Exact fit. Just check model #.
    I ordered a replacement for JDS-055, took about 2 minutes to install and so
far every thing seems to work like normal!
    ok
    Worked perfect and saved me having to get a new controller. Great value.
    Saved me $60 for a new controller so im happy!
    It work fine save money
    Perfectas condiciones. Control funcionando nuevamente.
    Perfect item..
    Both products did not work.  Attempted to replace on two different
controllers as well and yes JDS-011 are the ports I need.
    Did the trick. Now i can charge my controllers without having to wrap the
cord around. Snug connection to my charger. No wiggle.
    Take special note of cable orientation and such when installing. Other than
that it's a perfect replacement part, just watch a YouTube video for assistance
and you're good.
    Great product
    I did intense research before buying but still could not fit.
    I like thus product it fit perfectly and now my remotes are charging to
their potential thank you
    Fixed both of my sons controllers, he's happy again!
    The ribbon cable comes loose from the chip with a gentle tug, it takes some
patience to set up
    Little over priced but the board is acceptable!!
    Easy to install did the job very pleased
    It fits perfect in the PSP4 controller. Now I am able to charge my
controller without any issues.
    LOGRE SALVAR MI CONTRO DE PS4
    Nice product
    Came with screwdriver which was extremely helpful. Worked perfectly, much
cheaper then purchasing a new paddle.
    Had to look up how to install but work fine
    Las piezas de recambio fueron justas las necesitadas para reparar los
mandos/controles de mi cliente. Muchisimas Gracias... Producto 100% recomendado.
    Great easy to install works fine
    Totally fixed the controller, my kids are stoked and I look like a hero.
    My son now has 2 controllers that charge like new ones.  By replacing this
piece it saved me lots of money.
    I was able to fix my ps4 controller with these replacement parts thanks
    Port works great , but the cable did not work had to use my old one
    Works perfect good quality just make sure you disassemble controller to make
sure if fits.
    Worked as advertise if installed properly.
    Didn’t work
    Works great
    Products were exactly what I ordered
    Worked perfectly thank you
    Just what I needed
    Easy to install. Works as Advertised.First step to troubleshoot a PS4
controller USB charging issue: try a shorter cable 3ft or less. Save yourself
some work before assuming the controller is not working.
    Did not work
    I just installed this. And dang the length of this strip is too long it,
light is too dim
    Fit perfect and problem solved. Thanks
    I was surprised at the quality of this. I honestly thought it wasn’t going
to work. In the end my controller can finally charge with no issues.
    Great replacement product. I was able to fix my kids PS4 remotes in less
than 10 minutes. Recommend.
    I got what I bought
    Easy to be able to use. They video link they give u explains everything step
by step
    The best purchase hands down. Was able to fix my controllers for a lot less
than getting someone else to fix them
    contacts a bit longer so when connected looks like wire lead needs to be
pushed further on but not  so.works great
    jds-030. Resolved my charge/sync issues with two controllers.
    Exactly as advertised perfect fit
    Nice product my control work great after this upgrade!
    After setting it up my controller started working again.
    Got evrything exept the mini screwdriver
    Great item , It was what I was expecting.  I got two of my controllers back
up and running
    It broke my controller even further. Do not buy.
    Did not fit or work at all horrible
    Cheap replacement part that works like a charm! Way better than $45 for a
new controller.
    Revived an old DS4 controller I had
    Works as intended. Very grateful.
    Worked as needed and expected!
    Super easy.  Took me five minutes.  Huge life Samer
    No issues. Worked great.
    Did not even work.
    Worked!!!Thx
    This product works perfect! It fixed the charging port on my DS4/PS4
Controller.
    Product was sent broken and did not work 🤬
    Easy installl for my ps4 controllers
    Saved me buying a new controller
    Good
    Thanks fast and a great product
    I really like it and its easy to install
    Worked perfectly.
    Good product just what I needed
    Just didn't work
    Pass.
    Works perfectly. The screw driver feels high quality for the asking price.
    Worked as expected.
    Not for PS4 as it says
    Great product easy installation
    perfect fit
    Perfect
    Just the right stuff
    The tool didn't come with the parts
    Ok
    After installing both of the new chargers into the controllers nothing
happen, It wants to turn on but not enough battery power. The new ports did not
work. We were able to charge batteries separately to see if it was the
batteries, they were fine. Don't waste your money buy another controller.
    worked
    Rien à dire bon produit impecable
    The envelope came with nothing in it.
