    フリークはこれまでCQC、signature、edge、vortex、bo4 などを使用しましたがこれが最も使いやすく、グリップが効くと感じました。hi
ghタイプで凸形状な為かなり高くなってしまいますが、それだけ微細なエイムが可能です。複雑なトレッドパターンなので滑ることもほぼありませんでした。3カ月ほど使用し
ましたが加水分解もなく、長く使っていけそうです。fpsなどをプレイする方におすすめのアイテムです。
    楽天やヤフーでも販売してますが、約半額です。というか他社が高い。品質も値段も満足です。PCのフォートナイト、PS4のコントローラーで使用しています。
    純正PS4コントローラーで使用。CODにて使用中によく外れます。普段は使いやすいだけに残念
    純正コントローラーにしか付けれないですがかなりしっくり来ています
    いつも使ってたフリークの取り扱いが終わっていたので、その代用にと凸型のフリークを買いました。しかし滑り止めがかなり固くゴツゴツとしており、L3やR3をよ
く使う方は指がかなり痛くなります。
    ないよりはあった方がましかな他のフリークよりグリップ感が悪く感じました
    I do like these for sure.However i find that for some reason they pop off
too regularly which is quite annoying.Previously i had used quite large concave
style thumbsticks for a few years. But i found i was bending the top of my left
thumb too hard. So look for a change.  Was recommended these. Which are so much
better.Only grievance is the looseness of the the fitting.
    These things really do improve accuracy, more so on FPS (first person
shooter) games. I have used for years and these are the best yet. Give them time
to wear in as the design was hurting my thumbs at first but after a week or so
of using the rubber wore down and became soft. Used for many months now and no
issues....
    Brought there's on amazon I think they r great you can use 2 or just one..
Depends hoe you play games  seems to make the controler easy very pleased with
theses easy goes on the pad
    Fantastic quality
    I ordered them to improve my analog aim. They are decent but they are hard
to get used to.
    I bought 2 sets if these for my foster boys. They love them,I've never
played on a ps4 but apparently makes gaming better! I'll have to take their word
for it.
    Great item my son loved it.
    im still crap but that's down to me. Pretty useful for the real gamers
though
    Glad I bought this when I did. It’s a limited edition and my son was very
happy to get it for xmas.
    The thing about this product is that it is good if you don’t want to spend a
lot of money, my aim improved more with this item. Really helpful
    Great
    Good for accuracy. I have one on R3 and the other spare as it’s not
necessary for me to have on L3 as well. Never the less this has definitely
enhanced my gaming experience.
    As described
    Great addition to gaming setup.
    Arrived on time,product as described and exactly what we expected
    Quick and easy to set up, good value for the money👍
    Really good so much easier for fps game
    Amazing product, great for FPS games!
    Highly recommend
    non ho molto da dire, sono considerazioni personali, io mi ci sono trovato
malissimo e subito restituiti ,ho preferito adattare gli analogici originali ps3
sul controller della 4 rispetto a questi marchingegni infernali
    Tutto perfetto. Volevo ringraziare Amazon ed il corriere, erroneamente ho
detto che la consegna è andata male invece quando sono tornata a casa ho trovato
il pacco perfettamente disposto davanti alla porta, internamente al mio giardino
come richiesto. 10 stelle al ragazzo che si è preoccupato. Impeccabile.
    Acquistati per esclusivo utilizzo su cod, dato che rosico ad essere uno
scarsone nabbo.Ahimè non ti fanno diventare un pro-player ma aiutano molto.Una
volta applicato sull'analogico di destra rendono possibile aumentare la
sensibiltà nelle impostazioni di gioco riuscendo a giocare comunque fluidi. In
poche parole si allunga lo stick e la conseguente leva.Li consiglio, in mezz'ora
mi ci sono abituato e non riesco più a farne a meno.Saluti
    Ordered 3 sets of different Kontrol Freek thumbsticks and only the Fortnite
ones have issues.  Inferno and Galaxy purple are great products but these
Fortnite ones do not stay on, they pop off with the slightest pressure.  I will
be sending these ones back and ordering a different set as these are no where
near the quality of the other Kontrol Freek sets I have.
    My son bought these for his ps4 controller and says they’re great. They add
control and accuracy to your playing.
    Beim Draufziehen erstmal direkt meinen linken Thumbstick eingeschnitten.
Fand ich dufte. NICHT! Aber der Hammer: beim Spielen verhaken sich die Teile, dh
ich laufe (rechte Seite) oder schaue (linke Seite) dauernd in eine Richtung).
Ich muss erst den Thumbstick sozusagen lösen. Das kann ja wohl schlecht gewollt
sein! Aber am meisten ko**t mich mein malträtierter Thumbstick an. Keine
Kaufempfehlung!
    Feels great, but not ideal for Scuff Vantage. Fits the small standard scuff
stick, but must be removed every time in order to swap out other stick or D-Pad.
It fits, but isn’t an ideal fit. You really have to force it on. This isn’t
something you will want to do a lot of. Otherwise, you will have to replace the
stick.
    In general, it gives you more space to move your thumb, so it is easier to
hit your targets( I'm playing COD - BR).The product is good, it sticks well to
the controller and doesn't fell.I got the high one it is not that high, haven't
tried the other sizes but it may be too small in order to feel the difference.I
like it!
    Excelente accesorio para el control tanto de PS4 como de PS5. Permite tener
un mejor control y agarre de los análogos, sobre todo para juegos de mucha
precisión. Yo los uso con Call of Duty y van perfectos. 100% recomendados
    Gives you extra movement due to the longer stick and therefore pivot on the
stick. Keeps my thumbs from hitting each other as I play on the PS4 controller
which is a real problem for me. This alone makes these sticks a MUST PURCHASE
for me now. Definitely purchase these for your PS4.
    Das aim verbessert sich minimal, man wird zwar nicht der beste aber es
unterstützt minimal.
    They are good but only for one side.On the left side it works great but on
the right side with the buttons it’s hard to get to the buttons closest to the
joystick. It does work well on my left  joystick so I am using it and do like it
a lot
    Ottimi davvero, utilissimi per Fps non posso farne più a meno, solidi e
resistenti a differenza di altri che ho provato non si staccano dal pad
rimangono ben fissato alle leve analogiche. Soldi ben spesi.
    My son loves them. He was very excited to unwrap this gift for his birthday.
They showed up quickly, and are exactly as described.
    Great quality. I’m a lil rough with my playing so once in a while the right
one will pop off witch is horrible mid game but it’s not that often and I’m
probably gonna glue it’s on so
    Very good quality product. Really makes a difference when playing mmo rpg or
shooting games, much better accuracy and grip. Wish I had known this product
sooner.
    La verdad es que gracias a los Nightfall he conseguido ser muchisimo mejor a
la hora de jugar a Fortnite. Gracias a ellos he conseguido ser mucho más
preciso, además, al tener una superficie un poco más grande que los analógicos
normales he podido mejorar en mis movimientos y con ello mejorar los resultados
en partida.
    Ordered these because I can’t use my scuff with PS5. Fit perfectly and stay
in place. My only complaint is the texture, would prefer just plain smooth domed
instead of the odd textured graphics.
    El material en si es bueno pero el precio me parece caro para lo que
realmente es, el resto todo bien.
    Works well on PS4 and 5, not sure if it’s a side issue of the add-ons but my
R3 is super sensitive.
    Took a minute to get used to! This domed kontrol freak add on give the game
more precision in shooter games, nice tactile feel, order came in fast,(despite
what is going on), and I'd buy more if needed!
    Da giocatore di vecchia data pad alla mano in tantissimi shooter online,
posso dire che migliorano tantissimo la mira, soprattutto per un giocatore alla
quale piace giocare con una sensibilità alta come me. Acquisto consigliatissimo.
    Si quieres tirar el dinero adelantes compralos.
    Muy buena calidad, encaja a la perfección, para mi gusto un poco alto, pero
he mejorado a la hora de apuntar, más rápido y más preciso.
    Fits the control for ps4 unless it still has some left gum. Good
    Surprisingly I actually find it pretty effective was really doubtful at
first but using it does make a difference if you’re a gamer especially a first
person shooter gamer you should get these
    El empaque venía muy bien especifica que son para PlayStation sin embargo al
tratar de instalarlos me percato de que en realidad son para Xbox one.
    Prodotto arrivato in anticipo, perfette condizioni e ottima presa al dito!
Li consiglio per chi gioca agli fps
    Doesn't Fit The Controller Analog Stick
    Sind mir beim spielen einmal rausgefallen, die Materialtextur ist
gewöhnungsbedürftig, Kontrolfreeks Vortex gefallen mir mehr, dennoch sind diese
hier nicht schlecht.
    The convex grip works so much better for my style of play. My thumbs always
feel like they’re slipping out of the concave options.
    100% recomendables, buen material y desempeño.
    They are the best purchase for the price
    NUL, je joue sur PUBG et ils tombent à chaque fois que je fais un mouvement
trop brusque. Du coup dans un moment où tu as besoin d'être précis rapidement,
tu n'es ni rapide ni précis. Système très mal étudié. Je déconseille
vraiment.Petit détail, ils ne s'adaptent pas à toute les manettes.
    El producto da lo que promete y es de muy buena calidad. La única pega que
le veo es el precio ya que es un poco caro para lo que ofrece. Trae dos unidades
pero yo sólo he colocado una en el joystick derecho.
    Realmente sentí que mejoré al utilizar este accesorio, bastante recomendable
para FPS.
    Pour manettes
    works perfectly fine has a great gripe
    thanks
    Ottimo
    4 stars only because sometimes they fall off but there amazing
    Really good for pubg fortnite Apex legends and more
    Mio figlio dice che riesce a muoversi nel gioco con più facilità. Ottimo!
    These fit my controllers perfect!
    Gran confort y precisión! Recomiendo solo usarlo en el joystick derecho!
    No me gusta porque solos  no le quedan bien al joistic recomiendo mas las
que salin en color rosa un saludo
    These have helped me control my aim so much better than I did before. I
can't imagine myself going back to how it was before!
    They work great and have improved my aim in games like: apex legends,
rainbow six siege, and call of duty substantially!
    One of the sticks came defective I want a refund
    Super Ware
    En lo particular no sentí un gran cambio, pero el producto es de excelente
calidad
    like the product really improves little movements when aiming in first
person games
    Mi hijo está encantado
    Eh
    Funcionan muy bien
    Perfetti,comodi e adattabili a tuttii controller.
    Articolo fatto bene, i benefici sono soggettivi
    Best bang for your buck
    Amazing
    These are just nice, no more to it
    Very great product
    Muy buenos
    Will not stay on controller
    Excellent produit. Tient très bien en place une fois clipsé et ce après
plusieurs mois d'utilisation. Cela a vraiment amélioré mon shoot de manière
considérable. Un must have pour moi. Je ne jouerais plus jamais sans ce produit
sur ma manette.
    Ottimo prodotto
    Super bien
    Grip et hauteur parfaite pour moi, précision et confort accrue je recommande
!
    Very useful but oddly enough I only like it on the right joystick.
    Very helpful little tool for sub-par gamers like myself. These sticks
definitely help me play a little better by not allowing every twitch of my
thumbs to throw my crosshairs across the screen. Very well made, easy to
install, and effective. Highly recommend.
    It'll take a lil bit to get used to BUTfrom what i understand these should
REDUCE thumb fatigue& increase range of motion& the grip is excellent !!
    They fall off alllll the time. If you play anything like me and jump a lot
or use a lot of motion they will be flying off left and right.
    It completely messed up the stock grip on my controller‘s analog stick. The
kontrol freeks were pretty sharp so when I put it on, it instantly stabbed into
the thumbstick.
    Adds height to sticks so you can make much smaller adjustments for finer
control. I use them primarily for War Thunder and they do improve the control
needed for realistic air battles.
    I have ordered different versions of these in the past. These new ones are
by far my favorite. Definitely worth getting if you play shooter games!!
    These are great for any one who plays FPS. I  was very impressed at how much
it helped my game playing ability. I would recommend them to anyone who plays
regularly.
    Works the way they say it does. Much better than the cheapo silicon generic
brand.I thought the Kontrol Freak was expensive, until I saw the competition.
Easy removal and application to thumbsticks. One week in and hands feel better,
when grinding away.The generic silicone wrapping ones I bought thinking would
work fell off and were not easy to put on correctly.
    They’re too small to fit the ps4 controller.  You can fit them, but they
mangle the joysticks and that’s not what you want.  Maybe I just got a bad
batch, but I’m disappointed.  Already threw them out and didn’t bother returning
them, which I should have done.
    I bought these because I had a pair of performance sticks from another
company but they came off way too easily and cause me to throw some games.The
KontrolFreak FPS Battle Royals sticks stay firmly attached even when I react
quickly and push them forcefully mid-game. I also love the grip on the thumb
stick.
    Great product however I will say that it is a weird fit on the Astro C40.
The stick extension increases your range of motion on a joystick which makes it
easier to control the speed of your aim. With practice, it becomes much easier
to perform the micro adjustments needed to track or hit headshots.
    Son loves it, he said recommend to anyone. Great range of motion and feels
comfortable. 5 starts
    Awsome came super fast and love the way they feel great product
    Looks awesome on the controller and they work great.  Highly recommend.
    These are great, easy added height for accuracy as youd expect but more
importantly my fingers don't slide off them all the time like other brands or
styles, the added textures make a huge difference for sure. Definitely get them
if you're looking!
    I like putting one on my left joy stick to help with movement mobility
especially with first person shooterMultiplayer games like call of duty and
battlefield
    I didn’t not like the little nubs on the top they felt weird to me to move
around with. So I would suggest getting different ones if people really want
these. Also they popped of my sticks all the time so I would not recommend
    These don't fit the ps5 thumb sticks very well, they're slightly small, and
when hard gaming and pressing hard, in a direction, they will pop off pretty
easily. If you're looking for extensions for ps5, these might not be for you
    Pops off semi regularly on the left stick, never the right stick
though...would recommend the inferno ones over these, they don’t fall off
    This is my second pair. They by far my favorite sticks from kontrolfreek.
    Overall a very good product.  Sometimes it falls off, but usually works
well.
    Decent
    cool
    Works well with PS5 controllers. Recommended with the Kontrol Freak Aim
Assist pads. (Helps with over compensation) and allows you to turn the
sensitivity all the way up!
    Very nice grips but fit was loose and grips hang on to joysticks but rotate
while on. Had ordered this product a couple days ago but different color and fit
was perfect.
    Work like a charm. More comfort and control.
    The best there is! They help so much
    Perfect simple
    Amazing product,does fit the analog stick perfectly,thank you.
    Made out of a hard plastic material. Not comfortable on thumbs at all. Think
I’ll stick with my old soft rubber phantoms instead.
    I bought these for my son . He really likes it . We haven’t had any issues .
    They are amazing. These were the only ones I used for my PS4 it's the only
brand I trust for the PS5
    they have a good grip and can react faster in apex, so i love it!!
    They pop off from my Ps5 controller when playing online content
    They slow you down soooooooo much!
    Shipping was FAST! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
    Definitely enhanced my game play
    Mad movement slow waste of money!!!
    They Feel Great I’ve Ben Getting More Wins ever since
    Everything great
    My son loves it
    Love it!
