    バトロワゲーで漁夫りに来たプレイヤーの対応にテスティックを倒し過ぎたりでエイムが荒ぶってましたが、コイツを噛ましてからは途中で負荷が掛かるので倒し過ぎを
意識しやすくなりエイムが安定しやすくなりました。耐久性は実働が短いので何とも言えませんが、装着した状態で技と50回転ほどグリグリしてみましたが取り敢えず壊れにく
そうでした。付け外しも10回ほど繰り返してみましたが脆い感じはしませんでした。GE○などで良く売ってるドーナツ型のスポンジは付けようとしたらC型のスポンジになっ
たのでアレよりは耐久性がありそうです。ただ、エイムリング入のチャック付きのポリ袋が厚紙で作られた薄いパッケージに入ってるだけなので中でリング同士が重なり合ってペ
チャンコになってる物が有りました。友人が買ったものはリングの厚みに若干のバラツキは有るもののペチャンコになってる物は無かったようです。潰れた製品は使用時に潰れて
いる部分だけ若干軽く感じました。軽く感じるだけで負荷はちゃんと掛かってくるので倒し過ぎかどうかは感じる事が出来るので見た目が残念なこと以外問題有りません。
    他のレビューに製品が安定しないという事がありましたが、揃ったものが届きました。メーカーのパッケージが紙なので保管または輸送中に変形や破損が起こるのかもし
れません。パッケージに破損が見られたら開封前に返品交換するとトラブルを避けられそうに思いました。使用感はとても良いです。FPSフリークと併用がオススメです。量販
店の安い物よりカスも出ないように感じました。硬さの目安ですが人気のもう少し値段の高いリングの130くらいだと思います。量販店で売られている安い物のミディアムが少
しへたったくらいの硬さです。リングが初めての方は安い物で自分の好みを確認し硬さに慣れてから購入すると良いと思います。
    私は、apexで使用しています。Rスティックのみ使ってますがそのまま使うと強く倒す必要があり回復時に反応が遅れるので、ひと工夫すれば問題なく使えてます。
4個入りなのでしばらく使えると思います。練習期間は必要です。これを付けると上手くなると言う物ではなく倒しすぎ防止リングと言う考え方の方が正解です。感度は高めに調
整して練習しています。
    そのまま装着すると抵抗が大きすぎました。リング一個を半分にカッターでスライスして装着した結果、操作性が格段に良くなりました。個人的な好みの範疇が大きいの
で、ご参考までに。（スライスは個人の責任のもと実施してください。又ケガしないように注意ください）
    硬いです！ただヘタリやすいので慣れてくるととてもいいです！
    フォートナイト用に非常に良いです！
    エイムリングより厚さが薄く、ペタペタする素材で使いにくい
    個人的には悪くないです。海外製のフリークと合わせて使ってますが程よく負荷がかかり自分には使いやすい。個人差はあるかも
    なんか使いずらい。エイムには適さないかも。あまりお勧めできません。
    I normally love control freak products but this one is a miss, maybe get the
soft version but still this won’t make you better. Go into a custom game and
practice on recruit bots focus on aiming to the head and stay calm - that’ll
make your aim deadly
    I was really looking forward to testing these. However, as I was putting
them on, two of the rings just ripped. The quality of the products is pathetic.
From the remaining 2, only one survived. It’s not like I even overstretched it!
I just followed the simple instructions! I’d give a 0 star rating if I could! I
was a big fan of the KontrolFreek Thumbsticks. This let me down big time!
    Awful product,love kontrol freak grips but this truly was the worst gaming
accessory just makes your controller feel like it’s blocked with clay,I’d advise
just to use the grips,only reason I gave it 1 star is because I had to.
    Do you have the strength of Thor in your thumbs? If not, then this garbage
makes your controller unusable.
    Before you buy:• All four of the precision rings that you receive in the
package are considered "high-tension" (I think)...Competitor company "Fatal
Grips" offer a similar package for precision/tension rings that they have named
"FPS Aim Assist".  Their package includes two high-tension rings in black, and
two low-tension rings in yellow.  The reason that I bring this up is because
Fatal Grips released their model first, and considering that all four of the
rings from KontrolFreek are black, they probably followed the same color scheme.
Also from personal experience using the KF rings, they definitely give a lot of
resistance.  So while KF doesn't explicitly mention the tension rating, I would
say that it would be labeled as "high" considering what else is on the market.•
Considering that these rings have a high tension, you pretty much NEED stick
extensions to reduce the force needed to move your sticks so that you can even
use them properly.Is it a mistake, or is it a marketing ploy?  For
KontrolFreek's "performance thumbsticks"/stick extensions, one of their main
selling points is that they "reduce hand fatigue"; while their Amazon page
currently advertises that their rings are a "great way to build muscle in your
thumbs" (which is really just a fancy way to say that it INCREASES hand
fatigue)...  And considering that they only offer four high-tension rings
without explicitly labeling them as such, they are probably hoping that you are
disappointed when you can't use the rings on their own, and expect you to spend
more money on their stick extensions to make them work.  Four stars for the
product just because of the marketing.  But with that being said, the stick
extension and precision ring combo IS a great performance boost for FPS players.
I just hope that in the future they explicitly advertise that you must use them
together, rather than offering it as a suggestion as "compatible", rather than a
necessary addition.Other comments/personal experience:• "Allows you to play on
higher sensitivities"They also advertise that with these rings, you can play on
max sensitivities with ease.  With my week of playing with them thus far, I can
tell you that this is true.  However, I literally had to play on the max
sensitivity, and anything less would have been too slow to play properly, so you
don't have many options.  And it's not a benefit whatsoever, so again of course
they were just using it as a sneaky tactic.  It's not a benefit because when I
changed my sensitivity to max with the ring and stick extension on, the
navigation literally felt exactly the same.  I understand the science of it,
where you are supposed to have a wider range of sensitivity from ultra-low to
ultra-high...  But considering that the material squishes down whenever you move
it, you can never actually fully touch your stick to the edge of the controller
since the material is in the way.  And this completely prevents you from reaping
the benefits of the increased sensitivity, so again this is bad marketing and
doesn't represent the product very well.• From other reviews: the product was
"sticky and inconsistent"; "gave up after an hour"In this area I will defend the
product.  Yes, upon first taking the rings out of the package they are indeed a
little "sticky" on the top and the bottom.  And some of them do seem a little
inconsistent in the material if you just eye-ball the edges of the rings a
little bit.  But we're just talking first impressions without even using the
product yet, here.  So what this reviewer was saying is true, but after using it
for a week it was never a problem in the actual gameplay.  When moving your
stick around, it is not sticky or inconsistent, but rather has a smooth and
natural feel.  Quick tip - don't listen to reviewers that instantly give bad
reviews after using the product for ONE HOUR.  You will only get initial
reactions.  I, too, wasn't very impressed with the product when I first took a
look at it and tried it on my controller.  The tension was high and it was
actually making my gameplay worse.  But I trusted the science and kept using it.
After a day or two, I had already begun seeing very good results.  But OF COURSE
it will make your performance worse from the get go, it is something you have to
adjust to.  And no, it is not a magical product that will rapidly make you an
FPS god, but from my experience I can definitely tell you that if you put at
least 10-20 hours into playing with it and a stick extension, that it will
enhance the abilities that you already had, and overall provide cleaner and more
accurate gameplay without sacrificing speed.TLDR;If buying these rings, note
that you should also buy a stick extension in order to use them properly.  Don't
fall into KontrolFreek's marketing trap on everything you read - use your brain
to understand the science that they are proposing.  Try to read from reviewers
who have used it for a little while, rather than quitting after an hour.  But
overall, it is a great product and it hasn't turned me into a professional, but
it has definitely emphasized the skills that I had already had, so I would say
it has indeed made me better.  I would highly recommend.  Five stars for the
product, four stars is for the marketing strategies from KF.Edit:Two weeks into
using the product daily (combined with a high-rise KF stick extension), I
couldn’t imagine going back to playing without it.  The ring itself took about 5
days to a week to fully “break in” and lessen some of the initial tension out of
the package.  Which is good, considering it was very rigid in the beginning.  It
seems to have settled at a new tension, and probably won’t be going any lower
after the initial “breaking in” period.This product has improved my overall
control, which has improved my general aim.  But the most drastic improvements
from what I’ve noticed, are the close-range fights using single-burst weapons
such as shotguns, where you only need to land one shot.  Once you change your
sensitivities with this product to reflect a similar feeling of what you had
before, it basically just allows you to have some more rigidity that allows you
to be more accurate.  If you’re worried about sacrificing speed for precision,
don’t be.  You can have the best of both worlds, and my personal game has
greatly improved.In the last two weeks I’ve gone from only wiping a 3-man squad
once ever in Apex Legends (PS4), to now wiping a few 3-man squads a day (if I’m
lucky).  I can’t say that this product made that entire change on its own as
I’ve been trying harder, but I overall feel more comfortable and relaxed while
using it, and it was definitely a big part in that transformation regardless.The
product is only $12 at the time of my writing this post, it can’t hurt to try if
you don’t want to take my word for it!  But if you want to reap the full
benefits of the rings, I would recommend combining it with a high-rise stick
extension on your right stick.  And nothing on your left.  Be patient, and spend
the time tweaking your settings to adjust to the increased tension.  And break
it in for a week, and you’ll start seeing great results!  It’s a process - just
trust the science, be patient, and soon enough your game will improve.  I see a
lot of pros talking about the importance of increased stick tension for FPS
games, and usually those are mods that you can only custom order on a $200-$400
controller.  I have no experience with custom controllers, but this product
offers a greatly cheaper option, and it’s worked very very well for me.  And
call me crazy, but this product might even be better than the custom controller
mods, due to the increased tension the further you move the stick, because of
the increased tension that is needed to move the stick, the more the material is
compressed.  Which is great for lining up your shots, and preventing from
overshooting, and slowing down to stop onto your target.  Whereas $200+ custom
controllers only have the same consistent tension across the board - there is no
“slow down” aid to help you line up your shot.  So that’s the main benefit that
I see for this $12 product over an expensive controller mod that is probably not
as good.Anyways that’s my incredible experience with the KF precision rings.
It’s been great for improving my game, and I’m sure it would be great for you as
well if you take my advice...  But it’s up to you!  Don’t take my word for it.
Does the science make sense to you?  Does my review and the benefits seem
plausible?  If you’re serious about improving your skills in FPS games, just
take a minute to go over the benefits of the product yourself, and take the
plunge if you can understand the science and think that it would be worth it.  I
think that this product is more important than the stick extensions, which KF
are most famous for (although you should use them together), and I hope that the
gaming community can soon discover these, too!
    Acquistato per curiosità, per capire se davvero migliora la precisione del
joystick.Inizialmente ci si deve abituare ma per quanto mi riguarda, la
precisione nei movimenti è migliorata sensibilmente.Prodotto che sembra essere
di lunga durata.Consigliato
    El producto es de buen material, pero es demasiado grueso, literal te quita
el más del 70% de la movilidad de la palanca y ni con las extensiones de palanca
hace diferencia.
    La verdad esperaba mucho de estos aros pero son malísimos. Si fueran más
suaves y tuvieran más compresión puede que serían un buen aditamento. Pero no,
se lo pones y pierdes el 90% de movilidad, ni ajustando al máximo la
sensibilidad de los análogos puedes jugar decentemente. Y el precio (300 MXN) es
ridículo, no valen más de dos pesos cada aro. Yo les recomiendo probar otra
marca, este producto es malísimo.
    Per chi come me è un fan degli Fps stile Cod,è un best buy.Perchè seppur all
inizio bisogna farci la mano,troverete queste meravigliose spugnette super
comode.Aiutano appunto ad avere un controllo superiore sia nella mira a distanza
che da ravvicinato.Nonostante facciano resistenza perchè sono nate per
quello,questi anellini in spugna Controlfreek,restituiscono una sensazione
piacevole,aiutandoti a non incappare a mire senza senso/sproporzionato per
quello che si vuol fare!Il segreto è appunto mettere più forza agli analogici
dal tipo di condizione a cui si va incontro.Esito?Promosso a pieno voti!Ps:Voi
che postate foto degli anelli rotti,per inserirli senza appunto spaccarli,basta
solo un pò di delicatezza.Tutto qui.Amazon come sempre impeccabile!
    Prodotto nuovo con modalità diverse da i altri controller in commercio,,però
peccato nn adatto per i giochi che io gioco
    I have been using the rings for 2 day.  The rings are very easy to install.
On some games for some reason the rings seem a bit tough still but other games
they work perfectly.  Im expecting everything to be operating well in another
couple of days.  They definitely help with the over correcting in 3rd person
shooters games.  Driving games right now are a bit different, I am still over
correcting
    Bloccano la corsa dell'analogico, non capisco davvero come possano risultare
utili. Buttati via , non mi andava neppure di perdere tempo a restituirli :(
    Non ho ancora capito se fanno il loro dovere o meno, personalmente ne tengo
solo uno nel joypad ( dove sparo), i materiali sembrano resistenti ma mettendo a
confronto i 4 gommini al interno della confezzione sono tutti diversi , quindi
sono fabbricati con poca cura
    Zu schwergängig... Leider ist der Wiederstand viel zu extrem. An sich eine
gute idee aber man kann ja kaum noch durchs Menü scrollen, geschweige denn damit
spielen.
    Nel controllo del rinculo delle armi sono eccezionali, sopratutto giocando
ad apex legends, secondo me sono i rings migliori che ci siano
    5 estrellas para el producto0 estrellas para el servicio de entregaAl
principio sentiras una reduccion GRANDE de movimiento, yo lo uso para COD, usaba
mi sensibilidad al 10, al ponerle los anillos se sentía DEMASIADO lento...
parecia que traia un 2 o 3 de sensibilidad.Tuve que aumentar mi sensibilidad al
maximo  (20) y asi adaptarme a la nueva sensibilidadMe ayuda a fallar menos
balas, ser las preciso con el sniper y controlar el recoilAsi que si, se los
recomiendo ampliamente, no se desesperen al principio, se acostumbraran y habra
una pequeña/grande mejora al apuntar y disparar;)
    Just got them today and iv been playing for an hour or so but it drastically
increases my aim the resistances is really noticeable but easy to get use to and
its allowed me to control all the guns in the games I play with ease expressly
the ones i never used because of there recoil now there is almost none and I can
easily hit all my shots this is an amazing product and I like the fact they give
you 4 of them considering you really only need one  for shooting games I'd
definitely order more when i need extra but for now i got one for every
controller I have
    En un principio batalle para acostumbrarme ya que si restringe mucho el
movimiento de la palanca, pero despues de mover la sensiblidad al maximo, la
verdad es que se noto mucho la diferencia. Como ejemplo, antes jugaba
Warzone/COD en una sensibilidad de 8, y ahorita estoy jugando a 18, y mi
precision al apuntar a mejorado demasiado, aparte de que la alta sensibilidad
ayuda a voltearte mejor y mas rapido para atacar. En el paquete vienen 4 aros y
cada uno te dura alrededor del mes ya que se van aflojando. Aun sin ellos ya me
acostumbre a jugar a una sensibilidad mas alta de la que  jugaba antes de
usarlos.
    These things are expensive for what they are. They are easy to install and
do reduce sensitivity for aiming, but it also reduces the speed in which can
look around.  I took them off the controller after initial use.
    je les ai essayer sur ma manette sony et scuf, les anneaux servent à rien...
Les joystick sont beaucoup trop restreint, il faut vraiment pesée fort pour les
bouger. Le seul produit de kontrolfreek que je regrette d'avoir acheté.
    Usato sempre questi ring sull'analogico sinistro - per ammortizzare le
sollecitazioni sullo stesso. Comprato in passato - sempre su Amazon - altri
anelli, non più disponibili, di altri venditori: questi però sono migliori! Non
sono di gommapiuma ma di foam a cellule chiuse (quindi più resistenti). La
pressione del tasto L3 non è compromessa, per la resistenza opposta c'è da farci
l'abitudine. Consigliati
    Son buenos pero se rompió s la primer partida que jugué... lo estoy
utilizando así Roto aunque vienen 3 más creo que de alguna manera ese pequeño
espacio ayuda a que en verdad no esté taaaaaan rígido
    Definitely not worth the money.  They continually keep falling off, and I
could have made these at home myself for probably less then a dollar.
Ridiculously over priced and doesn't even do its job.
    Nope, not a good product. You lose  a lot of range of motion. The whole
product is awkward when using it. I was excited to see if these were going to be
a great new product from kontrolfreek and was very disappointed.
    Dipende dal joypad... ne ho usati 2 differenti un pdp e uno microsoft
    Offers some great resistance so I can use higher sensitivity settings. Even
at the sensitivity I was playing at it offered much better control. My only
complaint is that the description shows 4 of the thicker types but I received a
mix of the black harder rings and the purple softer rings which is the only
reason I'm giving it 4 stars and not 5.
    Used the rings with the adapter and my aim went up exponentialy. Would
recommend for any beginner to novice FPS players...
    Me sirvieron bastante para controlar mejor la mira, he comenzado a ganar
algunas partidas en warzone y saqueo.Me gusta como se sienten porque yo doy
muevo muy duro los sticks y con estos aros tengo un mejor control.Cuando te
acostumbras ya no puedes dejar de usarlos.
    El producto sirve para restringir el movimiento, pero si cuesta trabajo
acostumbrarse
    Ottimo prodotto fatto con buoni materiali.All’inizio sembrerà di essere
rallentati con i movimenti, ma bisogna abituarsi, semplicemente bisogna mettere
più forza nel pad analogico. Gi dopo una settimana di giocate (in prima
persona)Noterete i cambiamenti.
    If you are interested by this product buy the other variation that has some
of the less firm rings. These ones are so firm that you don't get full joystick
engagement. They work but yeah you'll probably need a month or so to wear them
in.
    Terrible, 10 euros tirados a la basura, (carísimo para 4 esponjas encima)
cumplen su función pero la función en si misma es un despropositoEs como tener
bloques de tierra metida en los joysticks, el peor accesorio de la historia
    Ottimi e resistenti.
    No ayudan gran cosa y estorban al movimiento extremo.
    Troppo grossi bloccanno la levetta
    Perfetti!
    Ottimo prodotto...molto utile
    Molto comodo, bisogna abituarsi, ma aiuta a non smisurate troppo, montate
solo sulla levetta destra
    Spedizione come sempre impeccabile, il prodotto di per sé è ottimo, un po
costoso per 4 rondelle di gomma, per il resto mi sto trovando bene, spero che
durino nel tempo
    Ottimi accessori
    Sinceramente no cumple ninguna función positiva para jugar, al contrario es
bastante negativo usar esto... La verdad una compra en la que no quedé nada
satisfecho...
    It really helps with recoil control and aim by helping you not overshoot or
over aim wether its a.d.s or hipfire
    Keeps my late night gaming quieter as my thumb sticks are no longer loudly
clicking and clacking.
    Ottima idea ma prodotto scadente, appena messo sul paddock va benissimo, ma
dopo una settimana inizia a rovinarsi, non lo consiglio
    Pues si ayuda pero no es la gran cosa, cuesta acostumbrarse
    Excelente para obtener más destreza
    This really helped me more then I thought I dont know why people say ots bad
it really is amazing.😁😁
    way overpriced for what it is and doesn't even work practically
    Bien pratique pour les FPS pour quand on est stressé.
    Excelente producto y excelente servicio llego antes de lo esperado
    Was way too stiff
    Me llegó bien mi producto, recomendable 200%
    Bien
    Very stiff and Restricts a lot movement on fps games  ,should have never
bought it
    These work really well with Kontrol Freek thumb-sticks. I've been using
these for two weeks as of this review, and that seems to be about the adequate
time for them to break-in. These offer nice resistance to my games, where I need
it. Since DS4 controller sensitivity isn't adjustable, like many pro
controllers, these offer a cost effective way to achieve some decent results in
game-play. I personally like them, but overall I feel they're very over-priced
for pieces of rubberized foam. Longevity if the product is questionable at this
point, but I'll amend my review if quality of the product deteriorates.
    Not exactly what I was thinking but they do help me out a little bit with my
golf swing and I will definitely get better the more I use them but they come in
a tight cardboard envelope so they are squished and not really level in their
circumstance but I imagine in time they might expand back 🥴 okay this is the
updated where I tell you that they did expand a little but they are still not
uniform and they get caught in the housing of the toggle and get torn and then
you have the pieces of it down in between the toggle and housing.. just a mess
and not worth the money!!!
    These really didn't do what I was expecting. I was thinking the rings would
be a bit more flexible, but they are rigid enough that all they do is just
restrict the movement of the sticks from 100% to about 30%. I was wanting
something to add some tension to the sticks but all this does is stop the outer
stick movement. Used them on PS4 and took them right back off.
    Awesome! I was very skeptical about these at first. I play mostly shooter
games on PS4 and I've always been horrible at over correcting when I turned to
engage an enemy. These provide the resistance that I need to slow my turn rate.
They are very stiff at first and will take some getting used to. I high
recommend getting the Performance Thumbsticks, mine are Kontrol Freek FPS but
any will do as long as the they are elevated some. Will help with moving the
control stick.I've seen the reviews about the stiffness of the rings, the
material will relax the more it's used.
    Like other reviews,  I've had these for about a week and wouldn't consider
going back.  I highly advise only using on right thumbstick for FPS, as stunting
running movement is not suggested.  Initially I bumped sensitivity up 3, but
moved it back down 1 after break in.  So im still up 2 and it feels very natural
as if I didn't change it at all,  however the reaction is there if I need it.  I
wish controllers came stock with this kind of tension.  I feel a little ripped
off because if the price,  it's basically a foam washer that probably costs 3
cents to make,  but I don't know where you'd buy these at costs,  so for what
they do it's a decent price.  I'd say about $5 would be more realistic.
    Tbh these are not game changing. They might work better on an xbone
controller bc the joysticks are longer. They have a very inconsistent and sticky
type of resistance. Its almost uncomfortable. I played for about an hour and
gave up, taking it off my right joystick. Kontrol Freeks CQCX's are there best
product imo, can't play without one on the right stick.
    A little underwhelming at first right out the packaging. Similar to
mattresses you purchase in boxes, I let the rings air about until they filled
out. They were slightly tacky, as others mentioned, but it doesn't hinder gaming
at all.I had my reservations about these, but until I tried them, I can see why
having adjustable tension on sticks being a game changer. I personally found
them to feel fantastic, and I can't go back to playing without them. In-game, I
did had to practically max out the sensitivity on all the games I play.My only
gripe, and the reason I gave these a 3, is that all 4 rings seem to be the same
tension. I really wish this wasn't the case, as having one on the left stick
makes it almost impossible to run in certain games.It's probably best purchasing
from a different company at a slightly higher retail price solely because they
offer rings at different degrees of tension.
    Very good idea, can work well in tandem with kontrol freek thumbsticks.
Greatly helps you fight recoil on fps games, but can be inconsistent and I find
myself rotating my joysticks around to find a "sweet spot" where they are not
too firm or too soft one way or another - even after breaking them in for about
2 weeks now. That inconsistency is a big down side but there is obviously much
upside as I've gone from med/high sensitivity to almost max on games like pubg,
r6 siege, etc.
    Ok, at first looking at them in the package you think, yeah this will work.
you put them on, fiddle with the knobs, sure this should slow me down. THEN you
start playing COD. what worthless pieces of crap!! They won't allow you to
sprint! They won't allow you to turn rapidly! Tried to pull them off mid game,
because like I said, CRAP, and tore both of them trying to remove them. I would
highly recommend learning to control your sticks better on your own because
these WILL NOT help you! The only reason they got a One Star, is because they
don't offer the capability of rating with negative stars. I'm PO'd just thinking
about these things!!If you want to make obscene amounts of money off of
unsuspecting newbs, then this is the stuff you sell. $12 for 4 tiny foam discs.
I only wish I would've thought of it first. Fool me once, shame on me.....
    I truly wasn't expecting something as effective easy enough to remove if
need be if controller dies and on new one but since two pairs you can have on a
spare controller I don't easily spam melee r3 as often as it use to every
effective with a extended joystick cap great combo feels like a tension
joystick. Feels currently like a Xbox one default tension joystick this one
medium tension, but they do make a heavy duty fps ring that feels like a elite
xbox controller tension joystick
    I love these things, they are an amazing idea and invention that I wish i
had known of sooner, basically these make it so you can run high sensitivity but
there's a buffer so your bot totally out of control, I use them for FPS, COD
Warzone to be exact, but if you need to spin around real quick but still have
control for aiming a perfect snipe shot, then these are for you. Excellent
product, i use the mediums but to each their own.
    I used these on and off for a few weeks. These rings were well packaged and
easy to install. However, getting the thumbsticks to the far edges of motion is
extremely difficult. If the resistance was uniform throughout the travel of the
stick, these rings would be great. You will find yourself aiming short,
especially on the horizontal. Eventually you may get used to this, but I gave it
an honest shot and could never overcome this flaw.
    This is a miracle product. I have used Kontrol Freeks extensions for a
while, but I have a condition that causes me to have tremors fairly regularly.
Playing Warzone avidly, this is pretty frustrating to have great reaction speed
and aim only to potato your aim at the last second due to tremors.Enter
precision rings. This bumped my KD up 25% pretty much immediately. The second
day I clutched up a win solo vs. two squads remaining and these rings made all
the difference. I turned my sensitivity up before even playing with them, and I
would say that will be necessary with the extra tension to make adjustments, but
my aim has noticeably been more consistent, and I have stopped having rubber
banding when I’m firing at an enemy. Most of my shots hit the mark and I have
been running 5+, 10+ kill games. At first glance, there is nothing extraordinary
about this product, and it looks like a total rip off; and you aren’t wrong. Buy
them anyway, they are an amazing product and have made all the difference to me.
I no longer want to throw my controller at the end of the night now — thanks
KontrolFreek!
    Excelentes, me han servido mucho para proteger la propia carcaza de mis
mandos, ante la fuerza que sin querer ejerzo al jugar y que provoca la ruptura
de la misma. Debo comprar más unidades porque se desgastan rápido con el uso
frecuente.Excellent, they have served me a lot to protect the very casing of my
controls, against the force that I unintentionally exert while playing and that
causes it to break. I should buy more units because they wear out fast with
frequent use.
    It works. What else is there to say? Such a simple accessory & concept I
think to myself “Wow, I’m pretty sure I definitely couldve made one of these had
I thought of it”. It does exactly whats advertised; allows you to play at higher
sensitivities while still maintaining control, which is nice since, technically,
having a higher sensitivity is always a bonus in FPS games. HOWEVER, just keep
in mind that using the ring will make playing lower sensitives much harder
(which isn’t a big deal, it basically just raises the minimum baseline amount of
sensitivity that can be used effectively while also giving you more room and
opportunity to increase and control your sensitivities to levels you may not
have previously been comfortable with). Results will definitely vary slightly
depending on what controller youre using (i.e. SCUF Vantage vs. DualShock 4) b/c
of the default thumbstick heights but nonetheless, it’ll do its job on any
controller you choose.All in all, its a good product. 10/10 would recommend lol
and definitely would recommend buying it considering the price and the
noticeable performance enhancement considering how simple and easy it is to use.
“There is beauty in simplicity.”  - Hanzo Shimada
    I purchased the Kontrol Freek Precision Rings to use on my PS4 for first
person shooter games.  I figured I would give them a try because I'm a big fan
of the Kontro Freek joystick pads. The Precision Rings are useless and
overpriced. They are pretty expensive for just pieces of foam. My son and I both
tried them out and we both agree, they're trash. Hope this helps.
    Always had a problem with aim with FPS, even at low sensitivities. The rings
took some getting used to, but seem to help with the over aiming especially when
surprised. Was able to push up the sensitivity. Overall I feel it is a
beneficial product.
    The pros of this product is it does what it what its ment to do, adds
resistance to your control stick. You will have to increase sensitivity to the
max though but it's very easy to control. Also Very easy to install no hassle.
The cons of this product are that its 4 rings with only one level of resistance,
I wish it had light and heavy resistance rings. They are overpriced should cost
half the amount. Also it does take time to loosen up the rings so they arnt too
tight. Lastly you definitely need there tumb sticks seems like a marketing ploy
but worth it if you want precision.
    it works as advertised as long as you dont use an extended thumbstick like
the one that comes with the Xbox Elite V2 controller.  If you use the
thumbsticks that are standard height, this works great.  But as soon as you use
the longer thumbstick, adding another ring prevents the stick from extending all
the way around so the radius is much smaller.
    i really love this product. works great with a PlayStation 4 controller. im
sure they work great with any controller. they really limit the motion, so for
sensitive games this product comes in handy. i was always a little rough with
the joystick so when i use it with a game like MLB 2020 or 2k2020 this will come
in handy to score those points. i would definitely recommend to anyone with w
ps4 that has issues with over using the joystick, or putting too much pressure
on it. 10/10. pretty simple, pretty genius.
    Ok I'm a write this review so people don't get confused on this product it
works perfectly as it should don't use the precision ring on the left thumbstick
otherwise you won't be able to get your character to fully move he'll be walking
slowly so just use the precision ring on the right stick I would only recommend
these precision rings for call of duty because it's just aiming the whole time I
tried this in fortnite and it actually made my aim inconsistent because of the
building sensitivities along with the aiming sensitivities other than that this
product is insane...
    These help a lot, i play PS4 Call duty modern warfare I am not the best
player in these really help my game a lot I was able to raise my sensitivity
from 6-6 to 16-15 Big difference I’m able to snap around quicker not over snap
overall improving my game. I do wish this product came with different stiffness
levels as to I found it is harder to sprint using the left joystick I had to
trim it down a little bit for it to work for me it sounds will get tired and
fatigued the first few days are use it After that big break in and are great!
Must to use thumb extensions with these!!
    It's smaller then I thought. Smaller then a penny. I can only imagine the
profit kontrol freak is making off these things. I'm still not sure how it's
effecting my accuracy.
    These came exactly as described, unfortunately I don't think the concept
works at all.  They seem to just act as bumpers around the outer range of your
stick.  It doesn't really add any resistance in the "middle" then you abruptly
hit the foam on the outer edge.
    Trash! I got these after reading a very long and in depth review. They
sounded great so I bought them. MAN! For 12 bucks these are awful. They would be
better used to hold something together givin their tight resistance. For use on
competitive gameplay, these don't help a bit. Your base aim will be slowed down
on the absolute max sensitivity and your A.D.S will be slow and methodical but
ain't gonna help with flicking. Please make sure you understand that if you want
to aim slow and kinda precise, then these might be for you. But if you want to
flick, just get their wonderful performance sticks and stay away from these.
    My son really wanted to try to these so I purchased them as a gift.
However, his feedback was they didn't really do anything and he couldn't tell
the difference.  Ended up being a waste and we tossed the product in the garbage
can.
    I play online video golf. I tried them on my XBox One X controller. It just
seemed to eliminate my feel and inhibit a full swing.I don’t get it. I was
hoping for something that would enhance my game, not worsen it.
    I put one on my Xbox controller and it really helped me with my steering. I
wasn't forcing it to go to maximum anymore. I could steer with a little bit of
feedback or resistance that reduced my oversteering.
    These rings are too thick for the ps4 controller.  It restricts the full
range of the thumbsticks significantly. They need to be 1/2 the thickness, maybe
even slightly less than half in order to work.  Good idea though,  just poor
execution.
    On regular thumbtacks, it is far too restrictive so that even max
sensitivity settings are too low.  If I'm trying to sprint in a game, I can't
because the stick doesn't reach far enough.  While a regular sized thumbstick is
too small for the ring, a heightened stick makes the rings useless as if it's
not even there.  If I put 2 rings on the tall stick then its the same problem
again.TLDR: I've tried every way to use these, it's impossible.
    Works as described, control levels settings at 20 insane played until my eye
memory muscle got it locked in. With this and the alert perk you can master
turning to the direction of the yellow flash in an instant.
    These limit range of motion at the outer edges. Making snap movement
impossible unless you crank up the sensitivity... at which point, you’re better
off leaving sensitivity alone and not using these at all.
    Love the product. Gives you way more precision. After making adjustments in
the control settings it's as if I got an updated game. The only problems is the
price. It's a bit much for what it is, but it works and is worth it if you can
afford it.
    I was VERY surprised.  These little rings SERIOUSLY aid in controlling the
sticks on my controller.  They provide just enough resistance to keep you from
over controlling.  I highly recommend them.
    Works as expected, simply adds some resistance to movement of the joysticks
on controller, improving and giving more stability for aiming in particular, or
movements of any kind.
    Personally these weren’t for me. I use Kontrol freek performance thumbsticks
and will never again play without them. When I came across these rings I thought
they were going to be great but I just couldn’t get comfortable playing with
them. It felt like my joystick was broken and the movement felt so unnatural.
Gave it 3 stars because the product wasn’t trash it just wasn’t for me. Wouldn’t
recommend if you use performance thumbsticks.
    The idea of improving your precision at higher sensitivity with the foam
rings sounds great until you try them out. They are too dense and interfere more
than help your aim. I had to place my sensitivity at 20 for COD to start even
playing normally. I couldn’t even get my player to run. I frankly will tell you
to stay away..don’t waste your money, bc your better off with some button
attachments.
    Just got then 1-23-20... mainly to play C.O.D MW...im not the best shooter
player! My aim its bad,but with this Precision Rins it took my game to another
level...i went from 17/19 kills to 32..played with them on for 5 straight
hours...you have to get used to it..at first feels super stiff...Note “with them
i went way up on sensitivity on game settings”
    I was surprised on how much joystick resistance these actually gave.  I've
thought about cutting them down a bit to see if a thinner ring would suit me
better.  These will not fix 'stick drift' issues. I have a slight drift on my
right joystick.  All together not a bad product but as-is; they just aren't for
me.
    I am still in the training phase with these on my XB1. So far they are doing
very well. I will continue to buy Kontrolfreek products. Great idea. I will need
more practice but think I will soon be pro.
    Gives him so much more control. He said he went from 14 "kills" to 31 after
installing that with the concaved thumbsticks.
    They do the opposite of what is promised. My joystick movement is so
constrained that I can't aim quickly and I get killed in game.
    Do not buy these they are a waste of money i have KF grips and i love them
but these are not a good product they make it very hard to move around even with
high sensitivity make you feel sluggish and slow and dont help with aim very
much if at all if recommend not buying these i figured maybe these reviews were
wrong but they arent dont waste ur time
    It Let’s you play on high sensitivity and it feels like you playing on low
wean you put it on your not going to want to take it off
    If you have the money to spare, it's worth a try. I have these on one of my
controllers and it works fine, but I don't believe that they achieve any more
than playing with your aim sensitivity settings would.
    Such a small thing to make such a big difference. If your controller drifts
from normal abuse - put these on your replacement. You will greatly extend the
life of your controller. No more drifting off cliffs!
    Not quite as good as I thought well compared to the competition from gaimx
and fps aimassist
    It made it to difficult to move the controller quickly and complicated
gameplay.
    It would seem like these would work well but, I gave two of the rings out -
and the two remaining both ripped when putting them on.
    I ordered these for use in a RPG. Ended up taking them off. May work well as
intended for a first person shooter.
    this obstructs all rapid movement, whether your trying to maneuver the
character  or the weapon, it prevents you from rapidly  doing anything, I think
they made the ring a tad bit to thick it stiffing's an immobilizes, even when
shuffling thru your load outs , glad I tried it out first , ordered another  for
my grand son and that found its' way to the trash as well.
    One the Xbox One controlled they slide up the stem of the thumbstick and are
not as effective after a few uses.
    My son said the really helped with grin and movement of the joysticks on the
controller. He loves them.
    Kontrol Freek needs some Quality Control. Right side for PS4 left side for
Xbox.
    Product is great i just wish there were 2 thicknesses for the product. It
comes with 2 pairs of the same
    serve to decrease accidental activation in the heat of action in FPS
    The product is only good if u can afford to use a new ring after every few
gaming sessions.  Basically useless after a few game sessions as the ring
quickly loses it’s density and you are back to square one. So maybe if you’re a
pro gamer who can afford to use a new ring everyday it makes sense, but for the
average joe, don’t waste your money
    Just form rubber, gets in the way when using the anolog sticks, tair easy.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      I received rip off fake
items in a clear bag that was not control freak it was rubber instead of the
original material that control freak and users so it was a scam. Planning on
contacting control freak and letting them know so they can see or take action or
whatever they want to do for false advertisement and fast sales
    The product was to thick for joystick to move properly had to cut it in half
now its works pretty good
    These things are absolutely worthless.  They slow you down way too much.
Kontrol freek dropped the ball on this one.
    These are well made, but make sure you know which strength/model you need. I
had other brands and these are especially stiff.
    Every thing I was missing. I use Kontrol Freeks thumb caps with these and I
have no complaints. In fact I need more for some different options to play with!
I was skeptical, but spent some time playing with my settings and I think Ive
found "the sweet spot".I only used one ring, right stick (xbox one).  Id
recommend!
    Gave it a three stars, tried it for a few days and placed them in a drawer.
    I have my sensitivity at high(call of duty) and this really helps me have a
perfect control on it I really enjoy them.
    Takes the wobble out of racing games.
    For me these made simple movements more difficult even on higher
sensitivites. I see what they are going with but in games like Apex legends I’m
unable to select heals/grenades.
    They do make a difference! Took a chance and it payed off.
    I don’t recommend this! Not necessary at all! It make it to hard to move and
I think you just need to adjust your sensitivity of your controller! Wasted my
money!
    I use them daily on my scuf.  I definitely would recommend these
    2 of the 4 rings were deformed. One ripped and unusable. The other creased
and warped. It won’t let me upload a pic.
    I got these thinging it would help but there just a lil to thick. If they
where just a lil thinner the would be perfect. So that being said I think the
way the are they suck. You can’t  even move with them on the controller. Save
your money!!!
    Needs to be thicker, but it works.
    Restricted movement of the toggle to much. The product should be a third of
the thickness. I cut the the rings in half with a pair of scissors and the rings
still restricted the movement to much. Good idea poor design. They work great on
PS3 controllers because the toggles are taller.
    Waste of money for sure!! To stuff on ps4 won’t even let me move in the game
without extreme pressure.
    I don’t get it.. Ended up returning
    I love these rings they help me shoot a lot better in games I will be buying
more
    Interfered with being able to click your thumbstick. Def a waste of money
for FPS games where you click to sprint.
    Good product
    It's doesn't work as good as other products available but it will get job
done.
    It does the job from grinding away the analog sticks but if it is a game
where you have to push down the analog stick and run it’s just to thick
    I was prepared to send these back but they worked for me. Really helps my
aim.
    They serve their purpose well. Just not for me, I bought these thinking it
would just provide tension but they're really not that flexible and restricts A
GOOD percent of your movement of the sticks to the point you can just barely
make little circles.
    Perfect
    Good controller stabilization.
    Worth the price you will not regret it will help your aim they are thin
though.
    Great product came super fast
    Got these for halo but it has WAY to much resistance even on maxed out
sensitivity. If they were like 1/3 as thick they would probably work out. But as
is its VERY high resistence and therefore not functional
    My husband uses these for ps4
    just not worth 12 USD. 1 USD would be more appropriate.
    great item
    Worthless,  don't waste your money. Makes sprinting impossible in COD. Also,
get ready for a thumb workout. I dont know who to be mad at Kontrol Freek or
myself... save your money
    I used it to make the ultimate controller with every feature i could find on
internet. I would add an image of when its finsished but
    I absolutely do not understand the point of this product. It works nothing
like advertised, or at all, for that matter. I would not recommend buying it.
    These thing limit your stick movement so much it is almost impossible to
play most games. I threw them out after one night of fighting with them. Waste
of $
    The came dented and twisted. It is literally just a piece of foam. I could
of made a better one at home.
    Opened these up and all 4 were smashed on one side like something was laying
on them for a while and they won't go back to their normal shape, will try to
get my money back
    Why didn't I think of this??? Perfect for those who are kinda sloppy with
the thumbsticks and for those who are just seeking more accurate aim.
    Works good getting used to it still.
    Good product for aim assistance but tryong yo remove them could cause damage
them.
    Pointless.
    Does what it says, it’s does allow you to have a higher sensitivity. Only
down side is it makes it hard to sprint.
    Trying to boost my game with controller attachments. When it comes to a FPS
these don't help, well didnt help me
    Why did I waste my money. Don't buy
    Product was good but just not for me.  I play everyday and this actually
made it difficult to turn the sticks and gave it too much resistance.
    I will never buy this prodact againI install it on my ps4 controller and
play call of dutyYou cant move left and rightThe movment is bad
    Only comes with the black foam pieces i only wanted the purple ones. The
package says 2 types of rings its a waste of 30 dollars problably cost 5 cents
to make
    I put them on my controller and my aim got better, truth in advertising.
They are definitely worth the money if you are concerned with your K/D ratio.
    Didn’t do anything besides make the joysticks unusable in call of duty can’t
sprint with them on the controller
    These have help improve my gameplay so much. I used to be all over the place
when aiming. I can actually enjoy FPS games because of these.
    Over priced. all rings are the same they are inconsistent sometimes stick
has less tension when aiming left then right or vis versa absolutely useless
    These really limit your range of motion to much. They make your thumb tired
and games hard to play.
    I like the response now. I only use it on one side though.
    Cool
    Great product
    It provides a nice grade of smooth sensibility and mobility when
aiming.Probably the best i've tried.
    Doesn’t work and had to cut them off my controller.
    Shipped as described. Yet to test them, but quality looks great and feels
good.
    Love it works great jus wish there were different sizes for different
resistance
    These are awesome, you can use a higher sensitivity and still have control!
These are great for COD.
    My son liked them until he loss them. Can't blame that on the product.
    Can't sprint properly. Waste of money
    These are terrible. Don’t buy.
    Did nothing waste of money.
    The ring restricts movement to much for my liking.  It also restricts
actions related clicking the joystick.
    Worst product ever restricted on all movement on thumbsticks DO NOT BUY
    Work for me
    If your having difficulty getting you aim right. Then buy them I recommend
to my friends and there aim is better too.
    I love it
    Needs a little getting used to but very useful
    Worth the money totally helps with your gaming control
    Wouldnt recommend these to any one a waste of money it even messed my
controller up more
    Love these! Just break them in for a week. Stick it through and you won’t go
back to using your controller without.
    They restrict too much movement, don’t recommend for sports games.
    Too big for series x controller, wasn't able to sprint or turn all the way
with them on.
    Just a foam washer basically. They are way to stiff & get stuck under the
analog sticks.
    Definitely not worth it, made it to stiff and unable to run. Save your
money!!
    I like them, it was exactly what was expecting, I am very happy with my
purchase.
    Just to stiff
    They look like they were used, and misshaped.
    These are just foam circles for 12 dollars.
    Great product
    They are the worst $12 I’ve ever spent. Literal trash.
    To thick not allowing full range of motion
    Junk
    The seem well made!
    This product sucks ass
    Work great but wished they had different sizes
    Helps me win warzone games :)
    They went into my controller
    Really amazing product
    Worked good for me
    Works very well
    Love them
    No good
    wrong product
