    カナル型で耳が塞がるのがいやで、でも耳にフィットするイヤホンがいい。音にもこだわりたい。本製品は高いし、色もそんなに好きではない。でもセールで安くなって
いたので買った。結果、やっぱりこのフィット感と音が好き。色も思ったほど気にならないし。星５つ。
    数年前からイヤホン/ヘッドホンを数種類使用し、もっと自分に合った製品は？とモヤモヤとしながら音楽やセミナー音声視聴に利用してましたが、壊れたり/紛失やら
で今思えば今回でもう5本も同じイヤホンを利用してる事に驚いてます、魅力的な製品や高機能な製品が多数ある中私にはこいつが至極の相棒です。
    最初の頃から、音量調整のボタンが動いたり動かなかったりでしたが、ついに完全に動かなくなりました。保証期間内なので、交換して欲しいのですが、どうすれば良い
のですか？
    このイヤホンを購入するまではiPhoneについてきたイヤホンを使っていたのですが、BOSEを使ってみてたら音質の違いが本当によく分かります。値段も手頃で
すし、音質にこだわりたい方にはオススメです！
    お安くなっていたので好みの色じゃなかったのですが購入。装着感、サウンドとも良好です。衝動買いでしたが大成功です。
    値段はそこそこしますが、値段以上の価値はあります。安いのは防水やIPODとの相性に当たり外れがありすぎる。やっぱりBOSEは安心して使えます。悩むなら絶
対オススメします。
    ずっとつかいつづけてますけてます
    いいですね！ずれる事もないし、コードが擦れる音もしないし、いい音で聞きながら快適にトレーニングできます。ジムでの運動が捗りますね！
    今まで普通のイヤホンを使いまわして使っていましたが、買ってみてまず自宅で聴いてみて、衝撃でした。さすがにBOSEだけあって、普通のイヤホンとしても十分な
音質です。いざ走ってみて更に驚いたのは、走る都度気になっていたイヤホンが耳の中でバウンドする音がほぼしません。（もちろん０ではないですし、ワイヤが服の上でバウン
ドする音はします。）これからの季節、ランニングに重宝しそうです。
    装着して、ランニングしながら、使用したところ、キュルキュル音がするので、おかしいと思い確認したところ、スピーカー部とコード部の付け根の接続部分の作りが雑
であったため、コートが揺れるたびにゴムの接続部分に擦れて、キュルキュルと異音がするのが原因だった。完全ワイヤレスイヤホンも左から聞こえなくなるなど、最近のボーズ
の品質は低下してるなぁ～という印象が強くなった。後日、アマゾンに連絡したところ、即、返金対応してくれました。ありがとうございます。
    ランニングに使用していますが一回も外れたことがありません。iPhoneはイヤホンジャックが無くなってしまったので線をつながないとだめなのがネックかな
    iPod nano で使用しています。低音のボーズを期待すると、まず裏切られます。nano の音質変更でも低音を出すことはできませんでした。低音を重視す
るなら、ウォークマンのセットがいいと思います。全体的にフラットなバランス良い音が響きますね。また、安価なイヤホンやスピーカーで聴くより、細部まで音が広がり、聴き
慣れた音楽も、新たな発見があります。ボクは、ウォーキングはもちろん、電車や旅客機に乗るとき、喫茶店で暇をつぶすときとかに使用しています。就寝用には、寝返り等で断
線してもよいように別の安価なイヤホンを使っていますよ。
    I purchased two sets simultaneously. One failed immediately. The unit would
not operate my iPhone and callers would hear significant static during phone
conversations. I exchanged that unit for another one. Meanwhile, approximately
two weeks after the initial purchase, the second unit I purchased started doing
the same thing as the unit that was returned. I returned the second unit and
requested a refund. The third unit I received (remember - I exchanged one)
failed just as the other two did. In all, I had three units and all three failed
within the first month of usage.
    No battery needed, but I have been buying the Boise Sport in-ear headphones.
These are louder than previous models. The audio is much cleaner...worth every
penny!
    This is my 3rd pair of headphones for my iPod. The first set which came with
my iPhone kept falling out of my ears while running. The second set had a clip
to go over the outside of the ear and they worked ok in terms of staying put but
only lasted a year before no sound came out. This set stays in the ears really
well. I haven’t had them long enough to know how long they will last.
    I have wireless headphones/buds but these are the BEST wired in-ear
headphones around.  Buy them now because they are becoming hard to find.
    Love it! Highly recommend. My second pair of this Bose earphone. First
lasted good two years none stop use and abuses, it would probably lased even
longer, but rubber covering start twisting and somewhere thinning to the point
of breaking. Ordered a second one the same, since it's proven to work under
harder environment ( rain, heat, cold, snow, sweat, etc) and withstand pulling
and pushing in and out of bag, pocket etc.
    Love it, wish cord was longer though
    These are comfortable ear buds that I can wear for hours.  I use them with
my laptop as well as while exercising and they remain in my ears comfortably.
The sound quality is typical Bose.  And that is a good thing.
    After 6 weeks the sound started to crack and cut out. After going through
normal return procedures- return was denied because it was over the return time.
Does Boes not stand behind their products????
    Bose is a great btand
    School work.  Exercising
    Muy buen sonido .
    Used for watching educational videos on Utube
    Zooming
    This is my third pair of this style of Bose headphones, the model name has
changed over the years.  I damaged the wire in the first pair, the second pair
was still like new after 6 years, but was lost in an airplane evacuation.These
headphones are the only earpieces I can wear comfortably for hours to listen to
music or books.  I'd like to migrate to wireless, but I've tried everything
rated for small ears except bone conduction.  Over the ear wireless are
wonderful, but not appropriate all the time.The sound quality beats the Apple
phone headphones by a mile.  When talking on the phone, the person on the other
end tells me that the sound quality is better when I use them than when I am
just holding the phone to my ear.Old school, but still the best in its class.
    Great sound and holds secure in ear even during exercise. But for such an
expensive item a was disappointed that the quality of microphone is no better
than standard $30 earbuds. In fact, Due to a fixed wiring joint of the two
earpieces is surprisingly close to the chin, the microphone cannot be moved more
than 8 inches from my mouth. I need to move in many feet away when singing loud
passages on songs.
    This my 2nd pair of these headphones - the first lasted 4 years and were
tugged, pulled, sweat on in all sorts of conditions before they started to give
out. I've tried Bose wireless ear buds and they're fine, but always a pain to
remember to charge and make sure the bluetooth connects.
    Sound quality is very good. My second order as the first set of ear
headphones only lasted 20 months.
    Bob Bon was great! Delivered before I expected the headphones. Wonderful
surprise!! Thank you!!!
