    １）電池持ち明らかに良くなった。前回は1.5時間～2時間でアラームが鳴った。今回は装着中にアラーム出たことないが恐らく連続６～8時間になっている。通常使
用では全く問題無くなった。前回までは音楽に没入したタイミングでアラームが出てガッカリした思い出多数。２）音質届いた当初はスカスカで音質劣化したかと思ったが、10
時間程度のエージングで明かに良くなった。旧型機よりも良いのではないか？嬉しい誤算。３）ノイズキャンセリング確かにSONYより弱い。私自身はホワイトノイズ少なめで
これはこれで好き。ノイキャン自体はマイナス要素にはあたらないが、毎度しまう度にオフにされるのは確かに不便なのでただ使用勝手の問題だが、ノイズキャンセリング項目と
してはマイナス１。４）ケース・本体変化無し。相変わらず高いレベルで所有感抜群。昔のiPodとかこんな感じで持つことが幸せだったりした。キズがついても味になったり
して良いんだなぁ。５）装着感今回からホールドするゴム部品のサイズが1サイズ増えた。右耳と左耳でここのクリアランスが違う私にとっては有り難い。総評・バッテリの持ち
良化＋ノイズキャンセラ搭載で抜群に製品としての魅力が上がった。（逆に他社からの移行を考えると、ようやくスタートラインにたったとも言えるかも）・買い直しに際して、
他社も検討したが･･･10mmのドライバーの音圧、音場感が忘れられずリピート。　悔い無し。
    前モデルを検討していて踏み切れませんでしたが、新型になってついに購入を決意…が、まず装着感。イヤピース交換が必須でした。ウイングが邪魔です。接続性は良く
はない。左右入れ替えバランス式かと思ったが片減りする。外したときのセンサーの判定も正常に切れるときと流れっぱなしなときがあり不安定。ノイズキャンセリングは低音部
分はそこそこ消してくれるのでないよりマシだが、最悪なのはアンビエントモード。低音と高周波ばかり取り込んで中域は埋もれてマスクされてしまう。つけたままの会話など到
底無理で、オフのほうがマシ。音質については手持ちの中でも「良い方」だが、多少定位が寄ってるのがかなり気になる。音質を最重要視していたが、半額の国産のトゥルーワイ
ヤレスと差は殆どなかった。というか負けている。解像度高く音は出ているが特に没入感に欠ける。DACの力不足をとても感じる音。センサーがうまく動かない、接続性の悪さ
から、返品を検討します。
    他の完全ワイヤレスイヤホンと比較すると、価格は高く、デザインは高級感のあるイヤホン。購入して、開封してみれば、デザインは文句なし。音質に関しては、高音と
低音のバランスが良い、という印象。音を大きくしても音割れはありません。BoseやAudio-
technicaを代表とする重厚な低音、Sony(?)に代表されるような上品な高音、個性的なイヤホンを求める人にはオススメできません。このイヤホンは「The
お手本」「The 優等生」と言えるような音質です（個人的見解）。
    純粋に良い音だと感じます。低音域がドンドン強かったり、高音域がギャンギャンしてることもなく、全体的にいい意味で特徴がないと思いました。ノイキャンや外音取
り込みもいい感じです。耳の付け方が少し特殊なので最初離れるまで違和感があるかもしれませんが、なれるとすごく良いです。また装着シルエットも少し独特なので人によって
は気になるかも。高いですが買って後悔しないものだと思います。オススメです。
    素晴らしいです。MW07を愛好していましたが、バッテリーが１時間も持たずになってきて、「GO」を購入。GOも良かったのですが、ノイズキャンセリングを試し
たくなり、「PLUS」も購入してしまいました。いや〜素晴らしいです。サウンドのクリアさ。音の輪郭がすごくハッキリわかります。ピアノの音、ベースの音、ギターの音、
ドラムの音、ボーカルとが、それぞれ分離されてはっきり聞こえます。何デシベルの音なんていうカタマリで聴こえるのではなく。素晴らしいです。ノイキャンは正直こんなとこ
ろかな、という感じです。全く無音にはしてくれませんし、電車の中で聞いていると車内アナウンスの音は流れているなくらいは聞こえます。それでも、いわゆる没入感は全然違
います。いや〜良かったです
    今年のBest Buy候補。
    ノイズキャンセリングモードを使わないと、ノイズ除去は出来ませんが、モードを設定したら、SONYくらいにはなります。音質はとにかく良いです。はっきり聴こえ
るし、低音もはっきり聴こえます。文句なしなのですが、ケースに指紋が付いてしまうということで4.5にさせていただきます。
    使用機器ーSONY A105 (aptX)バランスが良く、低音がとても好み元々POWERBeatsProでアタック感のある低音がすきだったが、この子は自
然に出ていて自分の好きな分類に入る低音。ノイキャンは、圧迫は余り感じないが、低音部分が良くカットされ、中、高は余りカットされていない気がする。バランスは良いがノ
イキャンとコーデェックが気になるぐらい
    ドンシャリ好きには合いません。
    正規品が来たのでホッとしました！問題なく使用でき見た目も可愛いです( '∀｀)
    レンジが広くバランスの良い音質には満足。充電の保ちも素晴らしい。耳から外した際に再生が自動でストップする機能は個人的にはあまりいらないと感じた。また、再
生可能音量の最小値が結構大きめなので、極小音量での再生はできない。
    駅など人混みでの接続安定性に欠け、ノイズキャンセルや外音取り込みの性能はイマイチで期待しない方がいい。ただ、他にないデザイン、人と被ることも少ないため、
所有欲を満たしてくれる点で非常に満足している。
    音はワイヤレスイヤホンの中では、ゼンハイザーモメンタム、ソニーと比べても現状最上位と言える。しかし、渋谷や新宿などの雑踏で使用するとBluetoothが
不安定ですぐに途切れる。MW07の時はそんなことはなかったので、個体差による初期不良なのかはわからないが、少なくとも自分に届いた個体に関してはそこが残念。
    期待通りのイヤホンでした。
    旧型MW07からの買い替えです。新幹線出張の機会が増え、正味3時間の再生時間では片道の再生すらままならないため買い換えました。巷ではノイズキャンセリング
機能付きの機種ががもてはやされており、ちょっと体験したくなったというのも嘘ではありません。再生環境は、iPhone
XでのSBC接続が基本、どっぷり音に浸かりたい時は、カメラアダプタ経由でREIYIN WT-HD06というaptX対応のBTドングルを接続しています。MW07の
レビューにも書きましたが、購入前はSBC接続というところがどうしても引っかかっていました。そのため他のAAC対応機種もいくつか試聴しましたがどうにも音に納得いき
ません。贔屓目かもしれませんがSBC接続のMW07 plusの方が好みの音に聴こえるのです。もう自分の耳を信じるしかありませんでした。どうせ買うなら日本先行販売
のブラックパールを購入したいと思いAmazonには在庫がなかったこともありヨドバシカメラさんにお世話になりました。音に関しては前述した通り十分満足です。旧型と比
べて本当にちょっとだけパンチが弱くなった感はありますが、Master&Dynamic社の特色でもある妙に艶のある音は健在です。ノイズキャンセリングについてですが
、私はこの機種がノイキャン常用初のため語れるほどの情報がありません。まぁこんなもんか、という感想です。通勤電車の低いノイズは明かに小さくなります。他の機種で言わ
れているような鼓膜への圧迫感も感じません。かと言って必ず必要かと言うとそうでも無い気がします。ただよく飛行機に乗る方は有用なのではないかと思います。旧型からの買
い替えを検討されている方は、ぜひ一度試聴されることをお勧め致します。近くに試聴できるお店がない方は、私の稚拙なレビューでよろしければ是非参考にしていただき、より
良い選択をして頂ければと思います。以下に旧型との差異をまとめておきます良い点・バッテリーの持ちは異次元。本体で9時間。・aptX対応。対応機種があれば解像度は体
感2倍ほど引き上がる。・ノイズキャンセリング対応。電車の走行ノイズ程度は低減されノイキャン効いてる感は味わえる・それなりに使えるマイク。今のところ相手に文句を言
われてはいない。・フィットウイングのサイズが増えて調整の幅が広がった。悪い所・アンプ自体のパワー感は薄れて若干パンチにかける・bluetoothの接続性の悪さ、
瞬断が頻発する・バッテリーの片減りが気になる悩ましい選択ではありますが、私は買い替えてよかったと感じています。私の経験が皆さんの音楽生活の一助になれば幸いです。
追記１bluetoothの接続の悪さが我慢の限界を超えたので、輸入代理店の完実電気様とヨドバシカメラ様に相談したところ初期不良として交換対応となりました。しかし
ながら交換後も症状は治らずこの機種はiPhoneとのbluetooth接続においてなんらかの課題を抱えている可能性を否定できなくなってきました。しばらく辛抱して
使ってみようと思います。今のところ星５は保留です。
    意外と知名度の低いMW07 Plus。eイヤホンで購入前に聞いたとき「は？ダメじゃん」と思い、当時持っていたMW07が申し分ない音質だっただけに「おかし
い」と思い、使っているイヤーピースを装着し、もう一度トライすると「なるほど、標準装備のイヤーピース、日本人に合ってない？」ということが分かりました。イヤピに関し
ては文下部に記載しておきます。またいきなり結論から言うとMW07 Plusと音質＆ノイキャン面でいい比較は2020年6月現在はTechnicsのEAH-AZ70
Wになると思います。まだ試していませんが、後述するドライバーサイズがMW07/Plusと同様10ｍｍと大きく、ノイキャン性能も他の方のレビューを見る限り、MW0
7 Plusよりよさそうです。さて下記が4機種比較になります。最初に言っておきますが、全部買い、そしていい物だけを手元に残し、後は全てeイヤホンさんに買い取って
もらっています。残ったのが今回のMW07 Plusです。AirPods Pro、WF-1000XM3、Sennheiser Momentum、MW07、MW07
Plus音質：MW07/Plus＜Momentum＜WF-1000XM3＜AirPods Proこの差は明らかでMW07系は原音忠実気味で高音がきれいです。それ
に比べMomentumは高音より低音が強く、ちょっと曇って聞こえます。WF-1000XM3はデフォルトだと低音強すぎて曇っています。AirPods Proは低音
が一番なく、シャリシャリとした軽めの音で一番音質としては頂けません。音のきめ細やかさはMW07/Plusが一番です。ノイキャン(遮音)レベル：AirPods
Pro＜WF-1000XM3＜MW07 Plus＜Momentum(ノイキャン無)＆MW07(ノイキャン無)こちらも比べると差ははっきりしており、AirPods
Proは本気で打ち消します。逆に怖いくらい。BoseやSonyのヘッドフォンのノイキャン遮音性を10/10だとするとAirPods
Proはレベルは9。WF-1000XM3は打ち消しレベルは8。MW07 Plusはレベル6。MomentumとMW07が4くらいです。機内の遮音レベルも上記の順
番同様でゴーという音を無音レベルへもっていくのはやはりヘッドフォンが一番ですが、出張や旅行など持ち物がかさばるので、私は最初はSonyのノイキャンヘッドフォンW
H-1000XM3、大きすぎなので、WF-1000XM3、でも音質が悪く曇り気味なので、Shureの有線でSE846で一度ストップ。遮音性はかなり高く、耳元が小
さく、収納も小さいのでいいかなと。ただここで問題なのは有線の煩わしさ。機内では隣の方の移動も考慮すると有線はお勧めできないし、とっさのCAさんの問いかけに取り外
し＆つけ直しが手間。結局、MW07に戻り、ノイキャンが出たのでMW07
Plusへとなりました。結局私は遮音性より、高音＆低音のバランス重視かついかに手間がかからず、収納サイズが小さかに行きつき、バランスがいいのがMW07 Plus
ということになりました。その他Spec的側面として比較バッテリー持ち(往復3時間)：MW07(前モデル)以外は2週間に一度の充電をしておけば、毎日の通勤で使って
いてもローバッテリー状態に陥ることはありませんでした。装着時のフィット感：はっきり言ってどれもしっかりイヤピを選定すれば同様レベルに持っていけます。ただAirP
ods Proは少しなれば必要で個人的にいつまでたっても完全に上手くフィットしているという感覚が持てませんでした。対応コーデック：MW07/Plus両機とMom
entumだけがSBC/AAC以外でapt-Xに対応していて、高音質を求める時点でAirPods
Pro、WF-1000XM3はサヨナラです。高解像度、低解像度の音を聞き分けられない人はいいのですが、SBC、AAC、apt-
Xでは1秒間の情報量に開きがあり、200、320、384kbps。％で例えるとSBCの200kbpsを100％にするとAACは160％、apt-
Xは192％となり、apt-XはSBCに比べほぼ2倍の解像度、AACと比べても1.2倍解像度が高いことになります。イコライザーでごまかせますが、やはりどんなに上
手く調整してもきめ細かな音が出せるか出せないはまずこのコーデックから変わります。同じまたは時にそれ以上に音質に影響するのがこのドライバーサイズ。簡単に言うとスピ
ーカーの音を出す部分、振動版の直径です。楽器と同じく高い音は小さく、低音は大きい直径が必要ですが、幅広い音域を再生する場合、とにかくｍｍが大きい方が必然的に広い
音域を再生することを意味しています。ダイナミック型の場合のみで、BA型の場合は別ですが。。ここで紹介している全てのTWSがダイナミック型なので、BAの説明は省略
します。ドライバーサイズ：MW07/Plusは直径10ｍｍでこれを超えるTWSは少ないです。ちなみにMomentumは7ｍｍ、WF-1000XM3は6ｍｍ、Ai
rPods Proは楕円形の為、3～4ｍｍとなっており、明らかに出せる音域や迫力、音の圧が違ってきます。以上にコーデックとドライバーサイズが音の質に掛け算的に影
響し、素人でもわかる音の違いに結び付きます。ただ敢えてMW07/Plusの欠点をあげると①落としそうで怖いピカピカのケース→もう取り扱いは慣れたけど、いつも慎重
に開閉してます。②ノイキャンレベルの調整ができない③デフォルトのイヤピにもう少しチョイスを。特にアジア人向けに。④アプリでイコライザー機能がない特に②と④は批判
している方の多くがここを突いているかなと。個人的にイコライザーの調整はうまいチューニングをされていると思っているのであまり必要ないかなと。ただノイキャンがもっと
上げられるとシーンに合わせて音質重視かノイキャン重視かを使い分けられるのであったら更に重宝されると思います。ちなみに私はビックカメラ町田店でMW07を購入時に店
員さんに相談し、口径に合うイヤピを探してもらい、複数チョイスの中で私に合致するものが見つかりました。普段のイヤピサイズ：SMLであれば、Mだとちょっと小さく、L
で合う時が多い。逆にSMLLL構成の場合、Lが一番ハマり、外音遮断できます。そんな私がMW07/Plus両方に使用していたのが、コンプライのTSX-200のLサ
イズ　アジアンフィット 耳垢ガード付です。私が比較検討したイヤピはコンプライのTG-200でした。決め手は耳垢ガードとアジアンフィット。アジア人は欧米人に比べ、
耳穴が丸型で少し浅いのが特徴です。アジアンフィットということで最初はTSX-200のMサイズでいいかなと思ったのですが、せっかく試せるならと思い、Lサイズを装着
すると少し多きく、おさまりが悪い気がしたのですが、遮音性と関係するノイキャンのレベルを試すと、Lサイズが私に合っていることがはっきりとわかりました。逆に最初から
ついているイヤピはあまり試していませんが、遮音が上手く行く時と行かないときがあったのを覚えています。ですので、耳穴一杯に広がるイヤピを選ぶことを強くお勧めします
。
    良いイヤホンですが、接続、ノイズキャンセリング、外音取り込みにおいて圧倒的にSONYに負けています。記載されているほどの防水能力もありません。ケースもす
ぐに傷だらけになります。この値段の価値があるか問われれば素直に頷けません。値段の割に期待には答えてくれませんでした。SONYのMW1000XM3の方が遥かに値段
と性能のレベルが高いです。
    Amazonに在庫がなかったので、購入はヨドバシで。初めての完全ワイヤレスイヤホンでしたが、これにして正解でした。Sonyのと迷いましたが、試聴したら、
自分の耳ではこちらの方が音質が各段に良かったです。ノイキャン、アンビエントリスニングの性能を求める方はSonyの方が良いかもしれません。これに、JVCのSpir
al Dot++をつけると最強です。
    イヤホン、ケース共に高級感があり所有欲は満たしてくれるしかし、持ち歩く前提の機器に鏡面仕様はちょっといただけない電池持ちは8時間以上持ってくれるのでその
点はOK音質は好みの問題だが、解像度は高いが高音部にちょっとトゲがあると思う奥行きはもう少し欲しいかな設定アプリが無いためにセンサーを切れないのがもどかしい、誤
動作が頻繁にあるケースを持ち歩けばいいんだが、鏡面仕様のためそれがしにくいノイキャンはほぼ意味なし、アンビエントモードは肝心の人間の声は強調してくれないのでいま
いちコスパは良くないし、性能としても中途半端な製品だと思う
    このモデルを選んだ理由としては音質以外のなにものでもありません。確かにノイキャンの性能や操作性、Bluetoothの安定性とかはソニーやAirPodsに
は正直敵いません。。しかし、静かな環境でイヤホンを比べる機会があればぜひ聞いてみてください。他のモデルには無い音が聴こえてきます。。それだけでこのモデルを選ぶ価
値はあると思いますし正直ここまで他のモデルと差があると思いませんでした。。いい意味でも悪い意味でも玄人好みの商品です。1つだけ言えることがあるとしたらワイヤレス
イヤホンに1番求めるものが音質であればこの商品以外はありえません。そこまで他のモデルと音質に関しては差があるモデルです。
    Bluetooth接続に問題があり、リセットや接続し直しでもどちらか片方しか聴こえなくなる不具合があり返品しました。外れにくさや音質は良いと思います。不
具合がどうして治ったかわからないけれど、偶然治ったのでそのまま使ってくれと担当の方に言われました。そんなよく分からない不安定な製品をそのまま使わせようとしてくる
担当がいる事も怖いです。そんな製品使いたくないと返品させましたが。
    購入して二週間使用しての感想です音質はとても良いですデザインも気に入っています！ただ、通勤の際駅を歩いていると頻繁に音が止まります。正直この接続性でこの
価格なら別のを買った方が良かったノイズキャンセリングなどは期待しない方が良いです
    ソニーと併用していますが、重低音は劣るものの装着感は良いです。耳から外れにくく落とさない。
    充電の持ちはとてもよく、音質ととても良かったです！ノイズキャンセルは、完璧なノイズキャンセルと言うよりは、ちょっと消えたかな？ってぐらいで、外音取り込み
のオンオフを切り替えてみると雑音が消えたのが分かりやすいです！ちょっと気になった点がウィングが合わない人がいるってことと、ウィングの部分が、ケースを充電した時の
熱で若干変形してしまい、外れやすくなる。
    音質も良く再生時間も長いのでとても重宝しています
    ブラックフライデーで買えたのはラッキーでした。なかなか合うイヤホンがなくて片耳がすぐ取れてしまうのですがこれは取れません音質に関してはよくわかりません。
かっこ良く買って良かったです音質も良かったですノイズキャンセルが少しですがそこは音量上げれば気にならないですし集中できます耳のはまりも良く言うことありません
    デザイン･･･写真で見たより少し青は深めでやはり綺麗。音質･･･1万円代のワイヤレスイヤホンより明らかにボーカルの声が透き通って聞こえる。低音も心地よい
感じ。ノイキャン＆アンビエント･･･両方共に弱め。電車の走行音が少し軽減されるくらい。アンビエントも環境音が聞こえやすくなるって感じです。
    I already own a pair of wired, over-ear Master & Dynamic headphones, so I
was already aware of the superior build quality and sound you get from this
company.I had been eyeing a pair of the MW07 Plus' for a while now, but they
never seemed to be available on Amazon. So when they turned up for under £200, I
jumped at the opportunity.Everything about these earphones is top-notch. I
include the packaging in there too which just oozes class. You get an amazing
selection of accessories in the box: USB-C to USB-C charging cable, USB-C to
USB-A adaptor and wide range of silicon buds and wings to ensure you get the
perfect fit. I found the wings and buds pre-installed on the earphones fitted
perfectly.The earphones and case came fully charged right out of the box -
clever use of little plastic stickers ensured the connections didn't make
contact so the battery wouldn't drain. The case is very compact but attracts
fingerprints like you wouldn't believe. Looks like it would scratch very easily
but luckily M&D have you covered by including a fabric pouch.The sound is
exactly what I expected from these guys - crystal clear, very neutral, and no
harshness evident in the mids and highs. Not overly bassy, but instead you get
bass where you need it. I paired with my Samsung tablet using AptX and listening
to some of the Masters tracks on Tidal was just amazing. If these were wired
earphones I would still be amazed at how good they sound. The fact that you can
get such high-quality sound from a pair of true wireless buds is nothing short
of incredible.The noise cancellation is ok - nothing great. It's never going to
rival over-ear headphones, but I have to say, for me, it was easily on par with
the Sony Wf-1000xm3 which I returned as the quality of the sound didn't
compensate for the disappointing NC. The MW07's sound way better than the
Sonys.If you want outstanding sound, build quality, battery life, style, and
you're not too fussed about noise canceling, these are the earphones for you.
    These are far from the cheapest earbuds available, but rank very highly
indeed for sound quality and ease of fit. The latter is critical, as having
excellent sound is of little use if the earbuds are not comfortable for long
periods. M&D provide a selection of buds and "wings"  to help you get the
optimal fit (which is needed to get the best sound as well as comfort). I found
the ones pre-fitted (size M) were a perfect fit. Charging is via USB-C, with an
adaptor to USB-A being included (a nice touch). And the stainless steel case can
be used to charge the earbuds when you are out and about.I have a pair of the
original MW07s and find them very good - the PLUS are even better, with a
smooth, detailed rendition of different music types, loud and quieter. They
really do rival good over-ear headphones: I have tried them in comparison with
my Sennheisers, and they compare favourably (allowing for the very different
designs involved). Another huge advantage over the original MW07s is a massive
increase in battery life - the biggest weakness of the originals was the paltry
3.5 hours (made worse by the weird design decision to momentarily distort the
sound as a low-battery warning!)Any downsides? They are not inconspicious, with
the design making them easily visible. If a low profile for your earbuds is
important, a pair of Jabra 65t or 75t would be better - but their shape makes
them much harder to grasp firmly (I know from experience of a pair of 65t how
easy they are to drop), and while good the Jabras definitely don't match the
sound of the M&D products. Also, the stainless steel case is (as others have
said) a fingerprint magnet.If earbud sound quality is paramount, don't hesitate
about acquiring a pair of MW07 PLUS without delay.
    If it is quality sound you are after cannot recommend them more highly. Look
good, good fit, good battery life and fantastic sound.Only downside is the noise
cancellation, not great but personally, that does not bother me.
    Great product and I will go along with most reviews...is just hasn’t got
that punchy base that I personally prefer... connectivity is great..looks
perfect...sound/build quality fantastic superb...downside....overpriced and
there are limitations...ie..no app to certain functions for such a premium
brand....shame
    Excellent sound and fit
    Amazing !
    OMG hyped A F !! I only test my earphone with 1 kind of music and it's
Hardwave. If they pass the sound test, it's on to comfort. People saying this
aren't loud are either deaf or dumb. These are lound and there's no bloody
reason to put them on max. Hearing impairment is a thing and we need to be
careful. Every level of sound is balanced, bass it clean, boomy and vibrant. As
the level of sound increase, highs to become omnipresent and all sound stage
stay clean. Hardwave music has everything: low bass, low beats, synth mids and
high keys. These earphones are A M A Z I N G . I have weird ears and air pods
don't fit because of the shape. And sony's 1000xm3 don't stay in when moving
arround. Those mw07 plus have wing tips and I eill never go to something else
ever again, period. 200$ for a pair that doesn't stay in will never be worth my
money. 400$ for a pair that stays in and doesn't move is priceless.So in other
words,Sound 5/5Comfort 5/5Battery 5/5 (8 hours single charge + another 3 charge
in the case)Looks 6/5 ---> yeah thats right 6 out of 5 baby these a sick. Got
friends who got jelly on first sight. Them black quartz are soo classy.
    Great sounding wireless earbuds. I have used Bose and JBL wireless buds, but
the sound quality of this pair is definitely better than those. The noise
cancellation is not that great. Also, it doesn't like any equalizers or sound
enhancements on the phone. I get the best sound quality when I turn those
options off on the phone. The sound is balanced, warm with a tight bass. Battery
life is amazing. Very happy with the purchase Well done M&D!
    Without writing too much.... I've gone through 3 sets now. The set is very
pricey and figured why not because you shouldn't have to buy earbuds over and
over. They look awesome and very premium. They look expensive.The first set kept
popping and issues with quality. It connected to an iPhone 8 after some hassle
it was not as quick and easy as it was made to believe. I then changed to an
iPhone 11pro and still same issues. When it did the connection kept dropping -
it didn't feel like the near $500 I had paid, was worth it. I contacted M&D and
it took a long time to resolve and be taken care of... 2 months? They were
responsive in email but execution was slow. Maybe it was the pandemic.Second
pair was sent to replace original purchased from Amazon... M&D had sent me a
refurbished set which was disappointing despite waiting such a long time. The
set received - its charging case - was scratched badly. That's what gave it away
being a "used" pair. I was expecting a brand new replacement as I was told in
email - it was still under warranty.Third pair came and now it's where it's
supposed to be for being an expensive set. It connects fine, there are no
poppings or dropping off, etc etc.So the third pair redeemed and validated the
expensive purchase. Try out the different fitments to make sure you have a good
fit and then sound is amazing. It connects to phone, tablet, as well as the tv
just fine.
    I ordered these earbuds even though I felt the price was excessive because I
will pay more for quality. After a short test I felt the price was not justified
for me and returned them. I regret not testing them longer. The volume was a bit
low at maximum, which may have been my source, or lack of brake in time, but the
sound quality was excellent. The connection and extended range are great because
I connect to my TV and could walk around without dropouts. The ANC is not as
effective as some other earbuds but the good fit cancels most ambient sounds.
They look beautiful and the fit is comfortable and secure. The case is beautiful
but will show scratches if not handled with kid gloves. If you are a critical
listener, appreciate high quality and need the extended range highly I recommend
these earbuds. I will probably reorder them.
    I was pretty disappointed with these earbuds because of a few things.1)
First was sound.I'm not sure what it is about the sound, but it felt somewhat
shallow and didn't feel as immersive as many of my other earbuds.For instance,
my Sony WF1000XM3 sounds much deeper and immersive even though it doesn't use
aptX. For earbuds that do use aptX, my Audio-Technica CKS5TW and Anker Soundcore
Liberty 2 Pro sound like they have much deeper sounds. Heck, even my Jaybird
Vista using SBC sounds deeper (albeit with some manual equalizing in the
app).Don't get me wrong, it has decent sounds (although I find the highs a tiny
bit too harsh for my liking) so I totally understand the people who say it
sounds absolutely fantastic and they love it. I just never found that I liked
the sound on these as much as my other earbuds.2) Second is the app. There is
none for these earbuds.That's right. There's no app for updating firmware, doing
manual equalizer adjustments, and customizing shortcuts/earbud
behaviour.Personally, I wanted to disable the automatic play/pause when you take
the earbuds out of your ears because half the time it wouldn't work properly,
but with no app, you just have to accept it for what it is.If these were ~200
CAD earbuds, I wouldn't mind this. But for 400 CAD earbuds like these, an app
with at least some customization options should almost be guaranteed.3) Third
was comfort (which is completely subjective and different for everyone).The
wings which you put under your ear ridges are very uncomfortable for me, and I
always started feeling pains a few minutes after putting them on. I tried all
the wing sizes and looked up the "proper" way to put them on, but no matter what
I tried, it still started hurting in a matter of minutes.I also didn't like the
angle of the sound nozzle as it didn't seem to point into my ear canal but I
didn't mind that because I could still get a good seal, and the nozzle was never
what hurt, it was always the ear wings.Almost all the reviews I've seen said it
fits them great, so I'm surprised that I have to say this is the first pair of
earbuds which I had to return mainly because it hurt so much to use. So this is
really a "Your mileage may vary" thing.Everything else about these were fine.
Aesthetics were great with the weighty metal case (although it's a fingerprint
magnet), and the earbuds themselves looked nice. The speed that it connected was
fast each time you took out the earbuds, and it was great that you could use the
right or left earbud alone. I love physical buttons so the fact that it has 2
dedicated buttons for volume up/down on the left earbud were a big plus for me.
The ANC works and is fine, but wasn't as strong as Sony's ANC at cancelling
random sounds.If the sound and comfort were better for me, then I would have
absolutely loved these. But unfortunately, I don't recommend them, especially
not when they cost so much.
    Exceptional sound quality (mm.. Apt-X) & long battery life. The noise
cancellation isn't the best, although it does work to some degree - this would
be the one shortcoming that I think needs to be addressed. Otherwise, they're
mostly comfortable, considering that I've never been a fan of traditional earbud
headphones. I've ordered some upgraded comply tips, hoping that will help with
sound isolation and comfort a bit. Overall I love these headphones, and have
absolutely NONE of the Bluetooth issues everyone else seems to be talking about
(and my phone is over 2 years old, a Google Pixel2) Call quality is good too, or
at least nobody ever complains about not being able to hear me. Solid recommend,
they're worth the money if you're willing to fork over the cash for them.
    Wenn ich eine derart hochpreisigen Artikel kaufe, erhoffe ich mir, dass
zumindest die technischen Angaben stimmen. Leider verfügen die Kopfhörer anstatt
der 10 h angegebenen Laufzeit gerade mal über gute 5 h. Gehen sofort zurück.
    I've owned a lot of earbuds and headphones, and these are the clearest, most
detailed ones I've ever listened to. Worth every penny.
    The TWS earphones to go for. Excellent audio quality. Decent fit. Very good
build quality.
    Great sound, great ear comfort.  A little touchy with bluetooth but they all
are
    Excellent build quality, sound, and battery life.
    I have been using them for a short time (week) but right away i ran into an
issue with Btooth connectivity.I have had many different wireless earbuds,
Jabra, Jaybird, M&D, Airpods and another option that i cannot recall at the
moment, with the exception of the Airpods, all buds have had issues with Btooth
connectivity so when i saw M&D had Btooth 5.0 i was excited. I have been using
the original airpods over the last year or so and i can say, their connection is
rock solid however i really do not like the fit.I ordered the MW07+ fired them
up in the house, worked fantastic, i fiddled with the fins to get a very secure
fit. Next up was the gym, arrived onsite, turned on the music and slipped my
phone into my pocket, almost immediately BTooth lost connection and continued to
do so for the next 10-15 minutes. This did not happen with my airpods and cell
phone, same cell, just different earbuds. Problems with BTooth are less apparent
when the phone is not in my pocket but still there. Connectivity is what matters
to me most, so for the price, less then thrilled. If the issue persist, i will
probably return them and go with new airpodsUPDATE: I have been using the MW07+
in a variety of places, Gym, Grocery shopping, Work, Home, etc... and the issues
with Bluetooth have been much more apparent than previously experienced. For
example, i was at the gym and experienced significant interference while on the
main floor, regardless if my cell was in my pocket or propped on the cardio
machine right in front of my face, i was getting a poor signal. I did notice
that if i put my cell directly in front of me, turn my head to my right, the
signal would break almost everytime within 10 seconds, head turned to the left,
didnt occur, maybe the bluetooth receiver is in the right earbud?I also
experienced extended times when i would not have any breaks in signal ... im
really unsure what the issues are but considering the wide variety of problems,
I submitted a return request.Still looking for earbuds that offer rock solid
bluetooth connectivity that are not part of the Airpod line
    Pros:  Decent sound  Good battery life  Volume controlCons:  Bad active
noise canceling  Uncomfortable to wear  Bluetooth range less than expected
Takes around one minute for stuttering sound from television to clear up
Connects to only one device at a time  ExpensiveAfter reading several reviews, I
decided to ante up for the Master & Dynamic MW07 Plus earbuds. My main reasons
for trying were good sound, presence of volume control, good battery life, and
active noise canceling. The earbuds satisfied the first three expectations.
However, the active noise canceling sucks. Engaging the ANC did not suppress
traffic noise or planes flying overhead. I could hear absolutely no difference
in noise with the ANC on or off. Very surprising and disappointing. This is in
stark contrast to the Bose QC 20 and Audio-Technica ATH-ANC23. A review by the
SoungGuys.com gives noise isolation/attenuation a score of 2.2 out of 10 in
contrast to some other earbuds such as the Airpods Pro or Sony WF-1000XM3 that
scored much higher. In addition, several other issues popped up as I continued
to use them. First, I found these earbuds uncomfortable to wear after about an
hour with both ears getting sore. This is undoubtedly specific to each person’s
ear anatomy. Second, the bluetooth range was less than expected. Although the
company mentions a 100 ft connectivity range, my own experience was less than 30
feet. Even then, the earbuds were more sensitive to interruptions than Apple
Airpods. Third, every time when connecting these earbuds to my television, the
earbuds suffer from bluetooth stuttering for about a minute before the sound
transmission stabilizes. Maybe that is an issue with my television, maybe with
the earbuds. Same thing every time pausing and restarting streaming services. An
oddity when pairing these earbuds is that two listing for these earbuds show up
on devices: one for the right ear and one for the left ear. Principally because
of the lack of robust ANC, I can only give these earbuds a rating of two stars.
    After losing three pairs of Apple EarPods I decided to give these a go... I
thought I would take better care of them more as they seemed prettier and like
I’d want to take good care of them. I am SO impressed. The sound quality, never
have problems with the microphone (I’m on conference calls a lot of the day),
battery has never been an issue and have had zero connection problems (iPhone
XR). What surprised me most is the fit of these! They are extremely comfortable,
I often forget they are in my ears and they NEVER fall out like my apple ones
did (RIP EarPod #3 to subway track). Going to take very good care of these
babies.
    I have been using this headphones for a couple of months now so I feel I can
write an educated review. Out of the box these headphones look incredible. The
weight of the charging case and velvet pouch make them seem like a high quality
product. After determining how to place the headphones in my ear I cranked up
the music. I was very impressed with the sound quality of these wireless
headphones. Although battery life is decent I don’t feel that they last the full
time advertised. Charging in the case is very fast though.After wearing them a
couple hours I found them to not want to stay in my ear well. I began
experimenting with the different sized wings and ear tips. None included seemed
to help the firmest problem I was having. I find them very uncomfortable to wear
for more than an hour or so. Working out in them is almost impossible if you’re
doing anything more than riding an exercise bike. They just fall out and I
constantly have to mess with them and readjust.Noise canceling is basically non
existent. This is the biggest letdown out of all the letdowns these premium
headphones provide. Loosely set your finger tip in your ear and you will
experience the same love of noise cancellation offered by these headphones.
Ambient listening mode is only slightly better though it makes things sound very
artificial.Connectivity Is kind of a pain. I really don’t like how you can only
be connected to one device at a time. This makes it inconvenient when they
connect to my phone but I’m trying to listen to what’s playing on my iPad. You
have to go in to one device and disconnect and then reconnected the desired
device every time.The AirPod Pro’s that my wife owns are far superior in almost
every way to these headphones. They fit fantastic whereas the M&D have a poor
fit and are very uncomfortable to me. The noise cancelling capabilities were
such a let down. I tried liking these headphones very hard. I wanted to like
them. They look fantastic and I really enjoy having something a little different
instead of another pair of AirPods. I gave them so much time, telling myself I
would get used to the fit, but I really don’t think I ever will.Bottom line,
just get AirPod Pro’s. They are better in almost every category and real life’s
use applications. The fact that they are also about $50 cheaper than the M&D’s
makes them an easy winner. I wish I liked them more because they look so much
better than the AirPods. Now I’m stuck with them. If these were priced maybe at
$150 then they might seem like a better alternative but at about $300 I just
don’t get the value for money.Maybe I have a strange shaped ear and these will
fit others better. Based on all the reviews I read people seem to get a good fit
with them but not me. If you don’t plan on using the noise cancelling maybe you
could give them a shot but honestly I just can’t justify spending more than any
other wireless ear pods. Because of the lack of noise cancelling I would
probably suggest just getting the older model that doesn’t come with the feature
since it doesn’t do anything anyway.
    Pros:Very clear soundGreat battery lifeFits great in the ear and barely any
suction in the earCool volume controlCool lookingCan use the case as a mirror if
you need to fix your hairCons:-No customizable app-Noise cancelation doesn't
appear to do anything-Bass is sacrificed for clearer sound-Can only use volume
control on one earbud and pause only on the other-The case is very easy to slip
out of the pocket with no grip or way to connect it to some sort of lanyardI've
tested these against the Jaybird Vistas and I have to say, the jaybirds took the
cake in my opinion.I like to feel the bass, and with the MW07's I barely felt
any bass, the jaybirds have very deep bass (or very light bass with the
customizable app) and for about 140$ less. Just goes to show sometimes the more
expensive something is doesn't necessarily mean it's better.
    After having the original Airpods, I made the decision to switch to
Master&Dynamic's MW07PLUS rather than upgrade to 2 or Pro, partly because I
wanted to support a smaller business after so many years of giving Apple so much
of my money.These headphones are awesome, couldn't be happier with them.First
thing I noticed was that the sound was better than my Airpords - it's crispy
clear, rich and has deeper bass.The bluetooth 5.0 range is really impressive - I
almost walked to the end of my block and could still hear perfectly. They
connect seamlessly between my Pixel phone, iPad and other devices.I only have to
charge them once a week (at least 30 hours of playtime at the moment) and they
charge in about half an hour. Can't say how that will fare in the future,
though. But the product feels slightly more sturdy and better made than other
buds I've tried - from the stainless steel charging case to the silicone fit
wings on the inserts, it all feels like it's going to last longer.Couple of
other big pluses for me - you can use just one earphone at a time, and I find
these to be more comfortable than my old AirPods. I don't know if it's just my
ears but these M&Ds never fall out, especially while exercising (which my
Airpods often did) and it barely feels like I'm wearing anything in my
ears.Noise cancelling and microphone quality are good.One small thing to take
note of - the steel blue is darker and not quite as glossy as it looks in the
pics.But overall, these are really great wireless earbuds.
    I ordered these expecting to love them.  The sound is very nice.  The base
has a nice feel to it as does the feeling of stage/room.  Fit is great.  Looks
are very nice.  Now for the bad.  Particularly for some classical the volume
tops off too early.  Needs a little more volume range.  The deadly issue for me,
however, was connectivity.  The connectivity issues for me make no sense.  I
will be sitting in the same position typing and suddenly I will get a loud
"waumph" sound that they make when loosing connection.  The connection is not
totally lost and the music drops in volume but continues.  This happens without
any special rhyme or reason.  It could be fine for an hour and then two
successive "waumph" within a minute of each other.  On the train, ride could be
fine and suddenly before arriving a "waumph".  I never had this problem with my
B&Os or AirPods Pros.  For me, at this price, this is a deal breaker.  Really
disappointed since otherwise they are very nice.  These babies are going back
until the problem is addressed.
    First, let me start by saying...I think I have an addiction to Bluetooth
earbuds.  I'm also fairly frugal, so my growing collection of earbuds is mostly
made up of cheap no-name brand earbuds that sound great for the price.  I've
also been buying Anker earbuds for years, and I've always loved the sound.  My
latest one was the Liberty 2 pro, and I thought they were the best sounding
earbuds to me, with clarity in the mids and highs, but still very deep booming
bass.  I love rap and hip-hop, and workout regularly so the bass keeps me going
through hard sessions...these became my benchmark.The passive noise cancelation
is good on the Liberty 2 pro's...almost too good.  I commute to work and can
hardly ear a thing with them in...that can be a good or bad thing...but for me I
feel it's fairly dangerous to not be aware of your surroundings.So hear come
Mw07 plus.  I prioritized great sound and the transparency mode.  Reviews I've
read indicated that both were great.  Other reviews also have said ANC is not
the greatest.  I agree with both of these.  However, most of the time passive
cancelation is good enough for me and the only time I care to block out sound is
on airplanes.  I don't fly frequently enough so I can overlook not having
excellent ANC.First let me say...when I first put the mw07s into my ear, I was
disappointed.  The volume seemed lower than my liberty 2 pros and the bass was
not as strong.  I compared a few of my favorite rap songs on both and thought
liberty 2 pro sounded better, so I was considering returning the mw07s.  Then I
played "All of Me" my John Legend which is pure piano and vocals...no drum
sequence in the song.  And that's when I realized what this product was designed
for.As I listened through the mw07s...i closed my eyes and just listed to the
clarity of the vocals, all of the nuances of tones as each piano key played, and
I got the shivers.  It was amazing.  I switched back to the liberty 2 pro to see
if maybe it was just in my head...it wasn't.  The mw07s are designed for music.
Period.  Not bass thumping rap where beats are created through synths...but pure
music...the way it was meant to be heard.I've been rocking these mw07s for a
week, and have realized now that for as long as I have been buying Bluetooth
earbuds...i have been listening to music through ones that emphasized bass TOO
heavily.  I thought that was what made great sounding earbuds and that was my
point of reference.  I was wrong and don't think I can go back now.Transparency
mode is great and very natural sounding.  Bass is a little weak at lower volumes
but great at louder volumes...not overwhelming as I have realized.  I do have to
crank up the volume a bit more through my phone on these than with other
earbuds, but thats ok...it is plenty loud. These have become my new favorites
and has changed the way I listen to music permanently.
    I don't know how these fly under the radar on so many headset reviews. The
only knock against them I've generally seen is the price. The good news is these
are worth the premium. Battery life is phenomenal. Sound quality surpasses all
other true wireless earbuds I've found. These are the closest to a nice pair of
over ear cans I've used. The passive noise isolation cuts out a lot of noise
thanks to the numerous fit combinations of ear tips and fins. I tried the Sony
noise cancelling buds but they wouldn't stay in very long, unlike these M&D
earbuds. I can wear these for extended periods of time comfortably and they stay
put. Adding in the active noise cancellation drowns out the HVAC and background
humming of the office environment. Having physical controls on the buds
themselves is also a huge bonus. The buds themselves look and feel premium, the
materials are top notch. The case is oh so shiney and yes it is a fingerprint
magnet. I find myself treating it like a nice piece of jewelry always polishing
it. As pointed out by a lot of people it does scratch easy but I find that part
of the appeal. The light scratches have given it a nice look. Call quality has
also been better than I anticipated, easily beating my old daily drive Galaxy
buds and my gym rat unit Jabra elite active 65t. I've been impressed enough with
the performance I actually plan on replacing my Jabras with the M&W 07 Go next.
Also the range is incredible. I can leave my phone on one end of my house and
keep a stable connection for music and calls throughout my home. The one small
complaint I have is even though you can use either bud by itself you have to
actually pair both buds to do this. Whichever one you take out first will end up
being the parent and the opposite will be slaved to that bud. I just leave the
right as the parent bud. This is unlike the Galaxy buds which pairs both buds
and you can freely use either one. This is honestly a small complaint in
comparison to how great everything else is on these buds. Yes these are
expensive, as I said in the beginning you truly get what you pay for in terms of
excellent build and audio performance.
    I use these things almost all the time. If I'm at my PC or walking around my
apartment its always in range of my PC's Bluetooth antenna only cutting out when
i run the microwave (expected). I've never had any other wireless earbuds so i
cannot comment on how they compare to the competition but they have never died
on me throughout the day and i only get uncomfortable with them in my ear if i
wear them for around 4+ hours.I plan to buy some different tips to remedy this
but it is a long time that i have to wear them for them to bother me and most
people don't leave earbuds in for that long i imagine haha! Noise cancelling
isn't the greatest but I do have to turn it off to drive my car (manual)
otherwise i do not know when to shift so it definitely isn't the worst!The steel
charging case does scratch easily as I'm sure others have mentioned. The only
major gripe that i have with the whole purchase is that the canvas carrying bag
it came with has metal inserts to keep the top shut. After about a month of
using the bag a lot and carrying it in my pocket the metal inserts cut through
the canvas and started to hurt my fingers.I threw it out and they are sending me
a new one but i imagine i will have the same issue again unless i am much more
careful with it. Overall my favorite purchase of 2019!
    Update: After a couple weeks of use I'm convinced these are the best
sounding truly wireless buds when paired with aptX and a streaming source with
HD or Ultra HD music. I've gotten used to having to turn on noise cancelation
each time I use the buds. I still wish they slightly more comfortable and may
try some other combinations of tips and wings (or grab some tips from another
brand of headphones). I would give these a solid 4.5 if audio clarity is your
number one interest.After a lot of research, I purchased the MW07 plus to
replace a failing pair of first gem B&O e8 truly wireless buds. I've just
received these headphones so pls expect an update after a few weeks.Pros:- Sound
is incredible. Better than e8 whose sound was superior to most other buds.-
Battery life is impressive- Beautiful design of both buds and case- Comfortable
and snug fit (take the time to figure out the right size combo for your ears. I
use the xs tips and the medium wings)- Easy pairing and automatic re-pairing
(assuming you use a single device)- Ambient mode is good but you need to pause
your media to take full advantage of itCons:- No app to refine settings and
update firmware- Noise cancelation behavior is very not intuitiveMore on noise
cancelation: By default, it's turned off every time you grab your buds from the
case. You have to turn it on manually. If, however, you turn switch ambient mode
on/off, noise cancellation also switches off. You then, have to turn this
feature back on again. This seems like a very strange product decision on
interaction. Now that I understand this, I can work around it but M&D could have
saved us a whole lot of trouble by just defaulting noise cancellation on.More to
come. I've been waiting a couple years to upgrade my wireless earbuds hoping for
something amazing to come out. However, I couldn't wait any longer. The reality
is there is no perfect product at this point. If you're an audiophile your
options are extremely limited. So far these seem like the best option available.
    The sound is amazing. Lifelong musician who appreciates quality audio. The
battery lasted me an entire month of regular use on first charge, matching their
40 hour claim. Little bit less on subsequent charges but still good. I don’t use
the noise canceling or ambient listening modes but did test them in the office
and could notice the difference and they both did what they purported. Range is
something around 50-75ft from my phone. Overall, 5 stars.Now my gripes. First,
the cloth pouch does not last long. The metal strips cut through the cloth
opening and it just can’t handle frequent use. I wish they would both strengthen
this pouch as well as sell individual pouch replacements as opposed to having to
buy the charging case too. Once they break like this it basically renders them
unusable. Bring on the case scratches! Second, the rubber wings don’t seem to
last very long and lose their ability to tightly grip onto the earbud. Every
single time I pull them out of my ears, the wing partially peels off. This also
blocks the optical sensor, causing it to think you’ve placed it back in your ear
and it then restarts audio. I bought a replacement wing pack but wish they’d
allow us to buy only the size we need in bulk as opposed to one pair of all the
sizes. I would recommend buying extra wings as this started happening after
about 2 months of use. Lastly, I apparently have small ears so the smallest
wings are a little too big for my ear’s concha and still experience ear fatigue
after leaving them in for more than an hour.So, these are awesome but not
perfect. Happy with the purchase and would buy again.M&D: if you read this
please sell us 1) bulk single-size packs of wings and 2) the pouch by
itselfGoodnight, Michelle.
    Love! Love! Love! Master & Dynamic! That said, I have to be honest, I was so
sad I had to return these particular earbuds. I first had the original MX07s
that I needed to replace for some very minor reason. I figured it would be a
good reason tonupgarde to the Plus. For an earbud, sound quality is really
great. By design, noise reduction is not bad either. The really cool thing about
Master & Dynamic is how they stand out in design. With all the different styles
of truly wireless earbuds in the market, these, by far, are the BEST looking.
Quality of craftsmanship is apparent. The downside, I had to return the Plus for
one reason. The casing has been made larger than it's predecessor that they
would not even sit inside my ears anymore. My ears are on the smaller side that
the original MX07s barely sit, but, with the Plus, the tips are the only things
that fit. Even after taking off the wings, the earbuds were too big. For that
reason alone, I had to revert back to the original MX07. The fit is for average
to larger sizes ears. Otherwise, for those looking for quality, great sounding,
and tastefully designed earbuds and wouldn't mind being magnificently different
from the crowd, and IF price is not an issue, these earbuds are the ones to buy.
You will not be disappointed.
    My main point of comparison here is the Sennheiser Momentum True Wireless
earphones. Also, I highly recommend using the Comply SmartCore tips with these -
makes the sound and active noise cancellation better!I must say that it took me
a few days to get used to the different sound signature on these, as they are
significantly more airy and don't have exactly the same rumbling bass/sub-bass.
However, having become accustomed to these, I actually prefer the MW07 sound
signature, as it works better with more types of music. Also, they still have
very good bass, just not quite as deep as the Sennheiser. Overall, I would say
these are more balanced, but still sound fun.The battery life is spectacular. I
have never even come close to running out of battery in my earphones or the
case, and I use them every day walking to class at college and while studying. I
charge the chase maybe once every two weeks, but it could probably last a month.
Incredible. The case is easily small enough to fit in my front pocket.The noise
cancellation certainly works but isn't as good as the Airpod Pros. It does a
good enough job, though, especially with constant noise. It also doesn't affect
battery life. The pass-through is also good, no lag. It's a little more
electrical sounding than the Sennheisers, which are truly exceptional, but
certainly good.My single complaint about these would be the lack of an app, but
honestly, I don't miss it. The earphones work well on their own. They look, fit,
and sound great, and they have the best battery life of anything in their class
(as far as I'm aware)!
    Sounds really really good. Takes sometime to burn In but once they do the
sound is natural and not lacking in Bass. Source material is important. So dont
listen to badly engineered songs then blame the earphones. These aren’t going to
hide flaws like lesser headphones can do. Also fit in your ears directly effects
the tonal balance. So take time to find the right wings and tips for your ears.
The sound should be natural and a little warm with taught bass. Take the time to
set them up properly before you judge. Took a couple listening sessions and
adjustments for me to get that wow moment.
    I have felt cursed with ear buds! My Shure wired bluetooth earbuds have
worked the best, but the cord which is between 30 to 50 bucks has to be replaced
yearly it seems.  If it falls within warranty period, Shure is great about
replacing but if falls outside you have to buy it yet again.  (They do have a
new addition to turn them into true wireless.I purchased this pair and the
smaller, slightly less expensive GO model.  I loved the smaller ones but two
weeks in they stopped connecting to every device in my possession.  Some of the
comments here reflect that experience.After deciding to return the 07 Go earbud
for a replacement, I opened these to try them out.I was so surprised at how much
larger these were in comparision to the 07 Go model.  One of the great things
about the M & D earbuds is that they provide many sizes of ends from XS to XL,
so you can get the best fit possible.  I take the small ends but thought my
outer ear just average in size.  They simply wouldn't fit in my ear.  They
overlapped the back edge of my ear which meant there was nothing to hold them in
place and the mere act of standing up resulted in one coming out.  (Luckily I
caught it!)  As a result I can't review the performance other than in general
across the entire product line.The originals (and now cheapest) pair of M&W
earbuds are simply horrid.  They have poor reception, don't hold a charge and
otherwise needed improvement.With the addition of the GO 7 and this model all
the issues have been resolved in terms of battery life and reception.  They are
vastly superior.  The SS case these come in will be like your refrigerator and
show every finger print so plan on cleaning.  They do have a fabric travel case
to protect the hard case but there is no getting around handling the charging
case.The Go 7s held a charge fabulously both the ear buds and the charging cases
operated as advertised.  I suspect this set would have exceeded  even more.The
ergonomics just make sense.  When you design ear buds where there is a solid
surface about the size of a nickel and taps at various locations or the number
of taps is responsible for function changes (volume, track forward/back etc) you
are going to mess up constantly.  It is far better ergonomics to have dedicated
buttons to push that is easily felt with your fingers while in the ear such as
you have here.  Yes the power button has dual features as if you hold it down
longer you can manually pair, but that isn't something you are going to
accidentally do.  So A+ on ergonomics in design.  While the trend is away from
mechanical design elements and towards "touch" controls or voice controls, I
hope that the good old fashioned button will remain as it is far easier to use
particularly if like me you have difficulties where loss of sensation makes
touch difficult or you frequently wear gloves which really makes the touch
controls a pain. I am going to try the "voice" control as I am trying to get
used to Alexa, but if my record with the Echo holds true there will be much
cursing involved in the learning process!A problem the brand has overall is the
lack of customer support.  If you have a question or are having an issue, there
is an email address where from the language once you supply them with
verification that you are under warranty they will replace a defective set.  But
I could find no tech help line, or even a blog page where customers could post
questions/answers and get help from others who own the same product.Amazon's
product help line has in my experience been limited to what you can find in the
troubleshooting guide from the manufacturer.  This has disappointed me greatly
because I have already checked out that information BEFORE I sought help from
Amazon.I liked this design better than any other ear bud I have owned of
similarly priced earbuds.  These are the top of the line and definitely
attractive.  There is still room for improvement as I think most people will
find the positioning of this one to be a bit awkward.  Making this model
slightly smaller in size would improve the fit and overall look while worn. They
are FAR more attractive then most earbuds and I appreciate the number of color
choices.If you have the $, I would recommend these.  BUT keep in mind that there
have not been sufficient reviews yet to determine whether they hold up long term
or not.  I am giving them 4' stars but they may prove to be a 5 star product
with the addition of technological support from the company.
    Oh man the sound quality on these buds is absolutely amazing. I have not
owned earbuds or headphones over $200 before using these, and I gotta say it's
like listening to music for the first time. These babies are crisp and you will
hear sounds you have never heard in songs before. In fact, a few times I freaked
out from a background noise in a song because I thought it was actually
happening around me lol.So why the 2 stars if the sound is so great and battery
life is excellent? The wearability of these earbuds is terrible! They have never
felt like they have fit right. I have tried every bud and wing size, and have
even ordered spares because I thought they was an issue with my original set.
After awhile (short time honestly.... a few weeks or so...) The wings start to
slip on the buds and can fall out of your ear. Like I said I even ordered
replacements and tried literally all sizes, and had the same issue on the
replacements.  Compare these to the $150 Anker Soundcore Pro's which feel and
fit amazing compared to these square $300 turds. Now the Soundcore Pro's fit
amazing, but the sound quality is not even in the same ballpark, I want to make
sure that is clear. MW07 plus do sound elite.The charging case is actually
fairly nice, it looks great (on day 1) and charges fast. However, if you look at
this thing wrong, it scratches. Mine is scratched to hell, and I havent done
anything other than stick in my pocket. If you care about having a nice look
case (not a deal breaker for me), then you definitely will hate this case for
easy it scratches.I have had fairly good success with bluetooth connectivity.
Not perfect, but good enough for me to say I am happy overall with the bluetooth
connectivity.I am actually quite happy with the noise canceling and ambient pass
through on these buds. As far as listening goes, these buds perform great.
However, the microphone call quality is very disappointing. I feel like I should
sound crisp on $300 earbuds, but many times I have callers complaining that they
cant hear me well. Which is quite infuriating on $300 earbuds to be honest.So
maybe now you understand the two stars. MW07 plus does most things right, but
fails in critical areas that you would assume would never be an issue on $300
buds.PROs- Sound quality is out of this world!- Great battery life and charging-
Noise canceling and ambient feature works well- Bluetooth connectivity is pretty
good- Case has a nice size and weight to itCONs- The fit on these is terrible
and extremely disappointing. I should not have to buy spare wings every month
because the old ones start to slip and fall out of my ears- Call quality sucks-
Case scratches easily
    Excellent sound quality, but fit is just ok -  after trying all combinations
of the silicon tips.  case and recharge is just fantastic, charge it once a week
and it is great.After a month of use:The Bad 1.Noise-canceling is almost non-
existent - the only thing it helped with was when my blender is turned on, other
than that  - it's almost unnoticeable.  It does help a bit if the tips are2. I
had my first issue, where no sound came out of the left earbud. After putting it
back in the case for 5 minutes and resetting bt it worked ok.3. I think they
should provide memory foam tips to get a better fit. The ones that come with the
unit are ok at best.4. Even with the right silicon tip falls out of my one ear,
but correct sizing reduces this a bit. The wings are not big enough for my
ear.The Good1. The range is decent - within 30-40 ft in the house has zero
issues. If I have walls etc after that its a problem. Line of site works for
100ft as advertised. For me, it's fine.2. Sound quality is very good - as long
as you have a good fit, otherwise, for me, there's no bass.3. Excellent case -
could nor ask for more. - especially since it recharges the headphones 3 more
times fully! Excellent - also looks great (but shiny surface shows
fingerprints)4. Connectivity is simple and works with no issues with my iphone
(except for this morning for left earbud)Overall:Great earbuds, works very well
with good quality sound. Great battery life and waterproof.  Only wish they came
with better tips and provided larger silicon wings - especially at this price
point. ANC could be better, but I have other headphones for the plane.
    Awesome pair of earbuds, very long battery life. Make sure you get the
correct size earbuds for your ears. A correct fit will TOTALLY change how these
will sound. For example, when I first wore these, I used the size that were
shipped with the earbuds. Bass was absent, didn’t sound that great. Once I went
down a size and got them down into my ear it was much better sounding. I will
say, I wish they got a little louder.However, for what M&D does right in sound
and design, their customer service is in need of improvement. I had the
sennheiser momentum true wireless before these and I have to say, sennheiser’s
customer service is so much better than master and dynamic. I had an issue with
the sennheiser’s battery before sending them back for these and their customer
service 1. answers the phone and 2. helps you address an issue.I had a problem
with the Bluetooth call quality with the first pair of the master and dynamic- I
still have yet to receive a phone call back from M&D “no available”
representatives. I also tried sending an email. NOTHING. 5 stars for the
earbuds, zero for their joke of a customer service response.
    Let me just start by saying that I have very specific needs when it comes to
earbuds. Good sound quality is a must, of course. I am an artist, so I do a lot
of visual work throughout the day and like to have music or videos playing in
the background. Therefore, I need a battery life that allows me to listen to
audio nonstop for an entire work day. And as someone with sensitive ears,
comfort is extremely important. The mw07's check all three of these boxes.I'm
not an audiophile, but I can appreciate great sound quality, and these offer
some of the best sound I have every heard. Bass is very present, but not
overwhelming, and the overall clarity of the audio is outstanding. I also have a
preference for punchy and vibrant audio, which these definitely deliver
on.Battery life is amazing, period. Although I was never able to squeeze out the
10hrs they promised, on an average day, I could get up to 8.5-9 hours on these,
playing audio nonstop. To top it off, it only takes 40 minutes to fully charge
these back up. Therefore, if I'm ever in a situation where I need my battery is
low, I can simply take a 15 minute break and come back with another 4 hours of
juice. Amazing.The comfort can be hit or miss with most people. For me, after
several days of trying out the different tips and fins, I have concluded that
the best fit would be the large tips with no fins. Even without fins, the mw07's
are surprisingly secure and I can wear these for hours without any sort of ear
fatigue.Best pair of true wireless earbuds I have ever tried, hands down. I
fully recommend these to anyone who has the money to pay for premium earbuds.
(Granted they don't need earbuds specifically for ANC)Some cons to note:Noise
cancellation and ambient sound aren't the best, but they're functional.Case is
beautiful, but a fingerprint magnet. Also scratches very easily (my case had 5
micro scratches within the first day of use, just from me setting it down on my
wooden desk).Bluetooth hissing sound is still present (as is the case in every
pair of bluetooth earbuds I have tried)Small ringing sound in the right ear
after audio has been paused for 1+ minute. (Only audible in a completely quiet
environment. I also have very sensitive ears and can pick up on very quite
sounds, so most people might not notice this at all.)
    I tried these earbuds for roughly a week to see how I would feel. I was
hesitant to buy these, because I had my doubts they would stack up to wired
earbuds (such as my Etymotic Research ER4XR). These earbuds furthered my
doubts.The sound quality is solid, but not mind-blowing. It's detailed, but the
highs are pretty scratchy. They are awful for watching YouTube videos because
any "S" sounds would be exhausting to listen to.The features on the earbuds are
questionable as well. It gets really old having to fiddle with the left earbud
every time I want to turn on ANC. Especially since it's so weak, it feels like
it's not meant to be a major feature. The pairing is very inconsistent as well,
as I felt forced to pair through my phone about 50% of the time. I'm using a
Samsung Galaxy Note8, which supports Bluetooth 5.0 and all that.The connection
is maddeningly inconsistent. Every time I'd turn my head to the right, the music
would skip and stutter. That makes listening to music while walking a very
frustrating affair as I can't watch for traffic or look around without dealing
with skips. For $300 I would expect better connection quality.I'm returning
these and I'm giving them a 2-star in the off-chance that I had a bum pair. I
wouldn't recommend these to anyone. Buyer beware.
    This is my very first set of wireless earbuds and I think I chose wisely.
Only have had these for less than 3 months now but happy with them so far.Not
the most expensive but definitely not the cheapest either. Definitely a high
quality brand and it's the marble color that really grabs attention.M&D MW07s
sound great with exceptional noise cancellation and are rain/sweat proof. I
suppose if I go out on a boat on Lake Michigan and accidentally drop in the
water then I guess I'm SOL. Can't scuba dive with them either, oh darn.No
they're not waterproof but who cares, just look at these bad boys. It's the
craftsmanship, excellent sound as well as noise cancellation and battery life
that matters the most. Time will tell with product quality/longevity.I'm a bit
of an electronics enthusiast so in 3 years after the insurance plan expires I'll
probably end up going with something else up to date that's highly rated anyways
if they don't last. Always fun to explore the latest technology!
    Took several tries to get all the fit options figured out.  I've worn them
for 6 hours playing music continously.  Wonderful frequency response thanks to
the Beryllium drivers normally found in high end stereo speakers.  Bass is
easily heard as is the highest synthesizer note.  They have a few issues - noise
canceling is minimum which actually extends battery life.  I'll take the extra
battery life.  Each bud controls different things which confuses some people.
All earbuds have trade offs.  Too many people complain about the trade offs.
    These headphones are awesome!! Really amazing sound quality and very easy
Bluetooth pairing for fantastic and simplistic listening on the go. The
headphones came with a few different sized ear attachments so I was able to find
the perfect and most comfortable fit to my ears. This allowed for remarkable
noise cancelling properties and they didn’t budge even during aggressive
workouts. Long lasting battery life and really easy indicators to show when they
need a charge. Overall they are far superior to similar products and I would
definitely recommend.
    As the title states, these are awesome earbuds. Compared to the AirPod Pros,
they are a little larger but the sound quality and battery life are so much
better. And they feel premium, unlike some other brands, due to the acetate used
for the shell. The case is solid, but it is shiny so it will attract finger
prints - but you aren’t showing the case off so it doesn’t really matter. Will
be purchasing another pair for myself since my wife took these!
    I love these. Sound quality is so good it is hard to beat. I have tried
several ear buds but none sound as good. ANC not great but if you don't expect
it to be great and just listen to the sound you will fall in  love. I have tried
so many earbuds that hurt or just didn't sound good. I use these over my over
the ear cans because they sound that good. I can't use the wing tips bit with
these you can just take them off.
    The product's battery life is insane which up to 40+ hours with ANC no, but
sound quality is great when loud, but it might become sallow when at Ear-safe
volume. Indeed, ANC is not effective to block out noise come from a two-person
conversation when your volume is set below 50, and 70 becomes loud, although
ambient noise is functional , yet, there is no App to customize any settings,
which is a stand-alone product with no sound customizations or update.
    I tested three different true wireless headsets.  Sennheiser, Sony, and
M&D.Sound is subjective and people like different amounts of bass etc. They all
sound really good.  The sony has a bit more bass than I like.  The sony's don't
have aptx or even sony's ldac.  The Sennheiser sounded real good but the
soundstage was a bit more separated. They support Aptx. They sounded on par with
the M&D.  The M&D sounds to be the best with the better soundstage.  Good punch
with bass and clear mids and highs.  Like I said sound is subjective and also
depends on the recording and the device you are using.The decision to keep the
M&D came down to controls, comfort and batter life.  My ears are a little weird
and don't do good with in-ear headphones.  I stayed with over the ear
headphones. But over the head earphones hurt my head a lot with glasses and my
ears getting hot.  The M&D have wings to help keep the earphone in place better
which is good for me.  The sony's were ok but kept on sliding out on one ear.
The Sennheiser just hurt my ear.The controls on the M&D are ok.  They could be
better as far as not being a button but a touch control like the other 2.  Don
know if they went that way to save space or less issues.  The buttons work fine
but you have to hold the headphone to use them.  Not an issue as I got use to
it.All in all they are a great pair of headphones.  Expensive compare to sony
but you get what you pay for.
    There not cheap but worth every dime.  Great sound, as custom a fit as you
can ask for with all the fins and accessories, great battery life and again,
that wonderful M&D sound.  If you want music and not midrange noise in your ear,
grab these buds and then enjoy them all day. long
    I was hesitant to drop this much cash but it was worth it.  The sound
quality is great and I wear them around the house while doing chores and forget
that I have them in.  I do use them to work out at the gym and have never had an
issue with them moving or feeling like they might fall out.  Easy to connect to
different devices (read the directions). Nice metal box that charges the
earphones.  I keep the metal box in the pouch so when you pop out the silver
box, it looks great. Sound canceling is fine and I can hear the difference.My
only complaint is that depending on what you are listening to, the music is
sometimes not loud enough and I can not get them louder (that would be at the
gym, plenty loud at home).  I use an iPod mostly to listen to them with all
loudness restrictions off.  I would recommend getting these earphones, knowing
what I put above.
    These are awesome can be worn all day with no discomfort. Excellent battery
life and with the case you'll never be without tunes in your ears around 45 mins
for full charge is an achievement. Audiophile sound quality as good as alot of
over the ear phones. I'm glad I purchased them makes my commutes and workouts
all the better and I like these so much I got my sister and girlfriend a pair of
the go model and they love theres as well. You won't be disappointed. Some claim
about connectivity issues I don't see what's so hard about having to click a
button when you switch devices I mean it's really very simple. But some people
can't be satisfied no matter what they get.
    I've had these a little less than a year ago, and while the battery life is
incomparable, seriously, I feel like I never have to charge them, it's
wonderful.  Be that as it may, I have tried all the different ear wings and tips
and can't get a good fit.  I don't have oddly shaped ears or canals that I am
aware of, but these are heavy, probably the heaviest of true wireless earbuds,
and I think it is this weight that prevents a good fit.  Additionally, when it
comes to noise isolation or sound quality, I have to adjust the earbuds every
few minutes to ensure a good seal, otherwise, these will let all the exterior
sounds in.  Tied into the exterior sound, yes, they do come with ANC, but with a
poor fit, ANC is useless, however even with a temporary good fit, the ANC is
basically indistinguishable on or off.  The ANC really just mellows out some
sharp sounds, but it doesn't really cancel any noise.  As for the BT, it works
okay, I find it works when walking around away from the source for upwards of 20
ft.  That being said, I get frequent drops/inconsistency in connection when the
source is in my pocket(phone), which makes no sense.In conclusion, the fit,
weight, and lack of astounding sound quality, aren't made up by the looks and
battery.  I think if you are looking for truly wireless earbuds, get the Airpod
Pros or the Sony.  Looks aside, the performance and fit easily beat out the
MW07+.  If it were possible, I'd return these and get the Airpods Pro.
    After seeing some prominent people wearing these on TV, I decided to give
them a try. I expected FAR more from Master & Dynamic. These are so brittle and
harsh that they literally hurt my ears. The sound is not well balanced at all. I
gave them a bit of a breaking in period, but it got no better, so I returned
them.  These may look nice, but the sound will drive you crazy if you are an
audiophile.  Honestly, they perform worse than some $20 earphones.
    I think I have purchased 5 or 6 pairs of earbuds over the last few years,
these are the best.  Worth every penny.  Sound quality is better then Samsung,
Jabra, B&O, and any of the cheep under $50.00 earbuds that I use for outside
work.  I often have the left one in use for music or audio books for 7 or 8
hours at a stretch.  Very comfortable after some trial and error looking for the
right combination of tip and wing....I love these and I have used them every day
since they arived.
    Sound quality is wonderful. They fit super comfortably and snug once I
changed the fins and buds to the largest sizes. Although the the noise
cancelling is basically non existent, the overall quality of the headphones
compensate.  Would recommend to anyone looking for premium wireless Bluetooth
buds.
    I bought these after researching around and am extremely happy with my
decision. The noise cancellation is great and I feel submersed in whatever I am
consuming - audio books, streaming videos, Spotify, etc. The case is awesome and
the battery holds charge for a very very long time. The design is easy to carry
around and the ear pieces fit comfortably in my ears (other brands have not fit
as well or hurt after a while). These are easily the best headphones I have ever
purchased. 5 Stars - Highly Recommended!
    I wanted something for working out and using in coffee shops or places where
my over ear headphones aren’t convenient.  These have great sound, look nice
(though it took me a while to get used to the unique shape without feeling self
conscious in public, even though AirPods are worn by tons of people with no
apparent similar qualms), have incredible battery life, and are easy to control
with physical buttons for volume, noise cancellation, track pausing and
skipping.  I don’t really use the ambient sound feature much if at all, but I do
use the noise cancellation feature. It’s not great, but in certain surroundings
it is a noticeable improvement.
    The very best I have ever owned
    Killer fit, no problems with Blue tooth range, great fitting options.  I
added COMPLY foam tips as I do with all my ear buds for the perfect seal and
final touch.  In ear buds I own: Apple AirPods, AirPod Pro, PowerBeats, Bose,
Jabra and UE Custom.  These are at the top. Buy 'em!
    The audacity that this company has to price these pieces of garbage for $300
is obsurd! I wasted my money with these. Ambient mode barely works as it sounds.
Noise cancellation is also terrible and doesn’t cut out enough noise. Worst buy
of 2020. Buy airpod pros for a better use of your money and music
    The Master and Dynamic MW07 Plus are amazing sounding.  The design is also
very nice and doesn't protrude too far from your ears.  The active noise
cancellation is  decent.  It isn't as good as the Sony WF-1000XM3's.  Two
reasons for only giving 4 stars.  They are very expensive and I am having an
issue with audio and visual syncing up on my Pixel 2 XL.  My Samsung Galaxy S7
Edge doesn't have this problem though when I am using them.  As a result I think
this is due to the phone and headphones, but still kind of annoying. Great
headphones overall!
    I had been waiting for months for Bose to release their new true wireless
noise cancelling earbuds and they are still not released.  I did allot of
research and purchased these based on a few forum articles I had read.  These
are comfortable, stylish, noise cancelling is great and sound is really good.  I
use these while travelling and for conference calls.  Great not having cords and
a mic in your face on conference calls and small package to carry with you while
traveling.
    I've had these for 4 months and the sound quality and most everything about
these are fantastic. My chief complaint is that the ear wings started slipping
off of the earbud after 3 months. This means that the earbud no longer stays
solidly in place in your ear. Effectively removing all of the great qualities of
the earbud. In addition they want you to pay an additional $20 to purchase new
ones. Who want's to pay $80 a year in addition to already high cost of the
earbud?
    They come with the medium ear tip installed. So I took my usual 6 mile walk
and felt they sounded better than my old buds, but not worth the price paid. So
when I swapped out the medium to small, they still sounded a bit tinny.
Installed the large ear tips, a world of difference, much more full sound and
increased bass. Very happy with my choose.
    The batteries in the earbuds stopped holding a charge after 6 months.  When
I wrote in to get a replacement they let me know the batteries are only
guaranteed for 90 days!  What a joke.  No other manufacturer at this price point
has such a terrible polkcy.  To add insult to injury all they offered was a
discount for a future purchase.  Will never buy from this company again.  Also,
if you are thinking of using them for working out, don't bother, any major
movement and these start to slip out.  Would absolutely avoid!
    Expensive, but very high quality. Battery life and case is tops. I like the
look, but the comfort of it in my ear is what matters; it wins there, too.
Could use more bass, but sound is great and I can’t hear a dang thing when
they’re in
    One very important thing is that the two buds disconnected from each other
often and that was quite annoying I did expect a little bit better quality on
the sound. Call quality in coming was perfect out going was not so perfect some
people said I was a little muffled some said it was okay and some said I sounded
like I was very far away in a tunnel. Too much money to spend on disappointment.
    I usually find earbuds irritating but these are SO comfortable I can barely
feel them, even after several hours. I got the white and love the way they look.
The sound is amazing, battery life lasts for ages, and the charging case is
small and feels nice to hold - classy. Really happy I got these.
    I truly enjoy how these sound. Very neutral but not lack in enjoyment. These
are some of the most impressive earbuds that you can find.I had continential
flight recently and the ANC is just disappointing. It bearly do anything with
the noise. I had to use the Bose NC700 and it is night and day. Even the passive
noise isolation is not great compared to everything else.Battery life is so
great you would not have to worry about it. Just amazing
    No matter how hard i try i cannot get agood seal with these even with extra
large tips and large wings they will not staysealed ican push them in with my
fingers and hold them in and they sound fantastic but as soon as irelease them
they ease out just enough to lose seal and sound leaks  and i lose bass and that
kills the sound quality .so for me fit seems to be the problem.
    I love these!  Excellent sound, easy to set up, and the earphones can be
used one at a time.  The fit is great without hurting my ear or having ear
“fatigue”.  Highly recommended.  Worth the price!
    Turns out i cant wear earbuds  but they he customer service was fabolous
even in these difficult times
    These are great earphones.  Easily paired and reconnect.  I use this for
remote meetings and phone calls.  No issues and the sound quality and microphone
are great.
    So far, I love these earphones! I have only had them a short while, but they
are comfortable to wear and have great sound. I have not had them long enough to
get a good idea how well the noise cancellation mode works, but the ambient mode
works well.
    This is really the only kind of wireless earbud I'd consider using.  All
high end earbuds cost a couple hundred dollars but in all honesty these are the
only ones that justify the price.  A really nice alternative to my M&D
headphones when I'm on the go.
    Awesome ear buds. Fit great, sound awesome.... Just pricey!
    AmaZing I use them everyday great for workouts and tons of fittings highly
recommend , wayyyy better than the AirPod Pros
    Best noise canceling earphones on the market ... I’ve researched for a
while.... these are the best for the money!
    My husband says they are awesome!
    Despite what the specifications say, these can only be paired to one device
at a time.  You have to manually switch between them by putting the headphones
into pairing mode.
    Absolutely love these wireless in-ear earphones! The only thing I wish was
better is the noise cancelling.
    Tough to pair, clumsy fit with little in the way of noise cancellation.
Decent sound, but waaay too big.
    High quality, comfortable, deeeep bass.
    They are awesome. I really love them. Good quality. Calls sound great.
    Good
    everything was as expected, personally a bit difficult to find the right fit
with the rubber seal.
    These are awesome.  Great sound at all volume levels
    Worked for about a month now I have a paperweight
    Great
