    ①CLOUD(7580円)と②CLOUD STINGER CORE(4980円)の比較音質:①の方が少しだけ良い、足音が弱冠聴きやすい。マイク:自分の声
の聴きやすさ、①と②同じレベル聴きやすい。相手の声、どちらも聴きやすいが①の方が声が少し大きく感じる締め付け:自分は小顔です。1時間付けた場合①耳が痛くなる②何
時間付けても痛くならない耐久性:①の方がある。でも①②共メーカー保証2年あるので気にしなくっていいと思う重さ②の方が軽い。買うなら②方がオススメです。PS4で使
ってます。
    重いしキツいしで…装着して10分持ちません。軽いとあったんですが…重かったです。今までヘッドホンを使って重いと感じたことがあるならこの商品も同様です。あ
と頭の締め付け感もキツイです、耐えられません。この商品が悪いってわけじゃないです、自分がヘッドホンに合わないという感じですね。軽いって聞いたんで、若干期待はして
ましたが…コレを最後に諦めます。
    外見は予想よりチャチさは無くどちらかと言うとかなりしっかりとしています！イヤーパットは柔らかくて、耳がすっぽりとおさまりメガネをかけていても痛くなること
はもなく付けは心地は“気持ちいい”です！音響に関しては素人ですが、良いと思います！前は4000円位のヘッドセットを使用していましたが、それよりは音がハッキリとメ
リハリがあり、低音がやや強めな気がします！全体的に“ゲーム向き”に出来ていると思います！(音楽も綺麗に聞こえるけど同価格帯のヘッドホンのほうがいい)メインは
FPS  COD WW2 BO3 BO4などをプレイしますがBO4などは低音が聞き取りやすく足音なども分かりやすいです！他にもDBD(ﾃﾞｯﾄﾊﾞｲﾃﾞｲﾗｲﾄ
)、ゴーストリコン、フォートナイト、などプレイします。どのソフトにしても前に使っていたものよりはとてもいい音だとおもいます！長いときで4,5時間ほどプレイするこ
とがありますが、流石に“少し”重たく感じます！2,3時間位なら快適です！マイクはフレキシブルで好きな位置に調節できて便利です！先端にスポンジが付いているので息の
音が軽減されてとても良いと思います！自分では聞こえないのでフレンドの話では雑音なく聞こえるとの事だったので問題ないと思います！ただマイクを使用しないときにジャッ
クにキャップが出来るのですが無くしそうです！キャップが本体と一体になっていれば良かったと思います！コードも布巻で丈夫だと思います！コントロールスイッチもシンプル
で軽くて使いやすいです！なかなか一万円を超えるような高いヘッドセットは買えないので他のものはどうか分からないですがセールで安くなっていて個人的には満足のいく買い
物でした！
    気に入ったところ・長時間つけても痛くならない・アンプ付け高級ヘッドフォンには負けるかもしれないが音は良いんだと思う・ボイチャ時はいいけど一人でプレイする
時には邪魔なマイクが取り外し可能・断線しにくい作りになっている気に入らなかったところ＆気になるところ・ボイチャしながらする事が多いので、結構マイクを口元に近づけ
ないと相手に声が届かない事がある・耳あてパッドが柔らかくとてもいいんだけどやっぱり蒸れてきます・買いたてなので耐久性はわかりませんが長く使える事を期待！
    PCに4極端子が無いため、Sound Blaster PLAY! 3を使って接続して使用しています。まず、マイクの固定がゆるゆる。U字型にするとなんとか
固定できるが、真横に伸ばして出来るだけ口の前方に持ってこようと思っても無理。すぐ下がってきます。そして全然音を拾ってくれないのが致命的です。拾っている音が非常に
小さい。ノイズキャンセリングマイクとのことですが、全体的に拾う音が小さいだけのように思います。特に言葉の最後の方の音を拾ってくれないですね。出来るだけマイクを使
ってほしくないような拒否感さえこのヘッドセットからは感じます。大声なら可能かも？ですが長時間だと疲れますし、周りに迷惑です。また、ヘッドホンの音質も音声チャット
に特化していると考えた方が良いですね。ロックなどはシャカシャカ音が激しく、中音低音が弱く音楽鑑賞には全く向かないです。良いのは見た目と値段だけで、100均で売っ
てそうなレベルだと本気で思いました。安くて在庫あったから飛びついてみたけど、これはお蔵入りかな。
    今迄家電製品屋で購入したヘッドセットを使用してましたが、コントローラーの差し込み部分の不具合が起きた為、あらゆるレビューを見てこちらを購入！頭への締め付
け感が少ないので偏頭痛持ちの自分でも長時間付けてても大丈夫！今迄は長時間使用で耳が痛くなったが、耳あてがフワフワで、穴にスッポリ入る形なので大丈夫！普段デッドバ
イデイライト、モンハンをやってますが、今迄以上に足音が聞こえる、聞こえなかった音が聞こえる！安物からランクアップする際にはオススメです！
    どれを選べばいいか分からなかったので、ウメハラさんが紹介していたこちらを買いました。主な用途はPC版デッドバイデイライトです。音質は密閉性が高いのと、足
音などに特化しているのか、今まで使っていた3000円のAmazonヘッドセットとは大分聞こえ方自体が違いました。良い部分も悪い部分もあるので、一概には言えません
。音量の調整はくるくる耳元を回すのですが、滑りが良いので1目盛ずつ変えるのが難しい。100段階。でも特に困りません。マイクは感度良かったです。すぐ使えます。ミュ
ートはたためば出来るみたいですが、たまにたたんでも拾ってる時あります。一番問題はイヤーカップの部分です。通販だから試着できないので仕方ないですが、円を描く形でし
か大きさの調整が出来ない為、耳にかかる圧力をうまく調整出来ません。密閉性が高いのも相まってとても耳の下のアゴの骨に負担がかかり長時間つけているのは苦痛です。試着
でも1分程度では負担を感じないかもしれません。少し長めに試着してから購入を検討される事をオススメします。
    ps4向けになってるだけあって信用ある商品かと。音質はゲーミングチューンで可もなく不可も無く。300グラム切ってる軽さと、側圧弱めも相まって長時間の使用
でも疲れ知らず…ですが、蒸れはあるかな。マイクはノイズキャンセリング付きで単一指向性のおかげもあってボタンのカチャカチャ音も拾い難いみたいですが、声がちょっと機
械音というか昔のラジオっぽい音声になってしまいます。マイクプラグ、メインプラグ共にやや硬めなのでちゃんと奥まで射し込まないと声が小さい、音が小さいなんて事になる
ので念のため注意。ケーブルはコントローラーにプラグを挿す前提の長さですのでモニターや他機材にも使いたい方は延長ケーブルが必要なくらいでしょうか。
    まず何よりも、頭が万力のように締め付けられて頭痛が半端ない。私の頭は平均よりも小さいのだが、締め付けが酷すぎる。長時間装着しているからなどではなく、始め
て十秒で痛みを感じる。そして最悪なのが、マイクが短すぎて口元まで全然届かないこと。友人とボイスチャットをしながらマルチをしていても、声が遠すぎて聞き取れないと何
回も苦言を呈されました。ボイチャ専用の商品のはずなのに、肝心の声が送れないなら意味がありません。イヤホンやヘッドホンは持ってんだよ。音質は悪くなく、足音や遠くの
音まで拾えています。が、他の人のレビューを見てみると、音質や使用感、マイクなどみんな書いてあることがバラバラ。もちろん使用感は人それぞれですが、商品の当たり外れ
が顕著なのでは？　と疑いたくなります。お金を返して欲しい。
    PS4で使用した感想です。一人でゲームをやっている分には自分は問題ないと思いかと。ただ、フレンドさんと話しながら使った時に声が小さいと言われ音量を上げて
いきMAXまで上げたんですがそれでも小さいと言われたのでゲームしながらボイスチャットはマイク音量ＭＡＸ+地声音量大き目がいいのかな。上記の対策があるのかちょっと
だけ探したのですが見つかりませんでした。マイク音量の件がなければ使いやすいかもしれません。
    レビューを一新わずか一週間で、音が途切れ途切れに、さらにマイク出力を最大にしても微かしか相手に聞こえないというヘッドセット
ととしてどの機能も使えないゴミすぐに返品した初めから迷うことなくlogicoolにするべきであった
    まず、ゲーム用には全く向いてないです……。コールセンター勤務経験者、多分ストレスになると思いますww・価格なかなかコスパがいいと思います！安さで買うなら
おすすめ。・音質悪くないです。片耳タイプじゃないと苦手な自分にはいい感じでした。ゲーム時はオプション→サウンド設定を忘れずに。快適になります。音量調整も、ミュー
トも問題無し。・使い勝手コールセンターで勤務した事がある方なら、おそらく『使いにくい』と思います。マイクの位置があまり動かないです。確認してなかった自分が悪いん
ですが、耳の横あたりでガチャガチャと180度回るようなタイプではなく、耳部分から伸びたマイクの線しか動きません。なので、普通に付けるとマイク部分が顎の下、もしく
は喉あたりに来ます……かなりストレス。グイッとマイクの線を曲げて使ってます。耳元のクッションは柔らかすぎだしちょっと薄い気がします。頭、抑えのスポンジは硬すぎま
す。以前勤務してたコールセンターで使用していたヘッドセットが1万くらいしたので快適さに慣れてるからかもですが、会話しながら作業する点ではマイナスです。
    単純に密閉性が高くフィットしやすいです。音質に関してはfpsゲームをやるのに向いていますが、マイクを取り外してヘッドホンとして使える所も良いと思います。
今の所特に気になるところもなく、非常に良い買い物だったと思います。fpsゲームのために買おうとしてる人には特にオススメです。
    デザインも白でカッコ良くワイヤレスなので超快適で最高だと思います。音質も素人ですが良いかと。ただ、個人で重視していたのがマイク性能の音質が重要だったので
PS4、PC共に『マイクは声が籠って聞こえる＋声が小さい』になるのでマイク機能自体は星２です。他の\3000台のマイク機能と変わらなかったですね。私が何個も所有
していた物と比べると下の順位・・・。それだけがただ、ただ残念です。※総合的な星３は音楽鑑賞やゲーム音質聞くだけの評価です。マイク使わない人はこれで良いと思います
    ps5用に買いました。高音、低音ちゃんと聞こえるんで問題ないです。ゲーム時でもちゃんと敵の足音も聞こえます。欲を言えば全体的にもうちょっとはっきりした音
が出てれば文句なしです。チャットもスムーズに出来ます。音量調整も簡単でした。ドングルのサイズも良かったです。横長ではなく縦長なので他の差し込み口の邪魔になりませ
ん。コスパ、品質、見た目どれも満足の逸品です。
    今まで使っていたのはソニーの純正の物です。比べてみてまずcloudは高音がキンキンする感じです。それ以外は概ね良い感じです。6000円位の時に買いました
がコスパ的には十分ですね。ただ元が1万くらいするはずなのでそれなら純正一択だと思います。マイクは使ってみてパーティーチャットで聞き取りにくいと言われました。やっ
ぱりなんだかんだ言ってps4ではソニー純正が良いですね。
    テレワーク用に息子からのお下がり(Stinger)を使っていたのですが、スライダーのおさえが外れてしまい髪の毛を挟むようになってしまったので、こちらに買
い換えました。当初は挟む力が強く、圧迫感が強かったので、適当な箱を使い広げました。今はほぼ圧迫感を感じない状態です。スライド量は以前のものより狭く、最大量でギリ
ですね。。。※私のように頭がデカい人は要注意です(笑)さすがにPCの標準マイクより高品質であるようで、通話相手からは聞きやすいと評判です。ゲームには利用していな
いのでそちらの評価はできませんが、お手軽価格でテレワークにはおすすめです！
    ps4版で青って言うのがとても好きpsのロゴもかわいい音質は思ってたよりだいぶ良いastro a40trと比べて（mixamp有りで）低域の量感が若干少
ない高域はとても綺麗にでてる音場はa40trの方が良いかなぁただFPSの足音は高音寄りなのでめっちゃ聴こえる！CODMWに関してはこっちの方が聴こえるかも
    ZoomやTeamsで問題なく使えてます。音量やミュートリモコンも便利です。音質はこもっていると言えますが、しっかりと聞こえますし、価格を考えると十分と
言えます。装着感は左右どちらでもつけられて、耳全体を覆うため窮屈感はありません。締め付けも顔の大きい私には適度だと感じます。私の環境ではもう少しコードが長い方が
良いと感じましたが、机上にPCがあるのであれば問題ないと思います。
    ゲーム(PS4）とあったのですが、在庫があって価格が安かったので在宅勤務用に購入しました。Skypeの音声通話は問題ないのですが、TEAMSで利用すると
、相手側にエコーが出てしまい、業務に支障が生じる状況でした。残念ながらこれだと利用できません。接続するPCなど利用環境にもよるのかもしれませんが、TEAMS利用
を想定される方にはお勧めはできません。
    HyperX Cloud Alpha との比較でCoDやフォートナイトをプレイしてみて、銃声や足音等の音の質感や切り分けに曖昧さがある様に感じますが、私
の様なエンジョイプレイヤーのレベルでは別に支障はありません。好みの問題で人によってはこちらのが聞き取りやすいと感じる方もいるかもしれません。長時間付けてて痛くな
ることは全くありませんが、蒸れ感はあります。
    ロジクール g231からこちらに変更全体的にクリアなサウンドに細かな音も聞こえます！ps4
で色々ヘッドホンに迷ってる人にはおススメ！チャットの際にいちいちマイク付けなきゃならないのが難点なくらいであとは流石キングストンです(^
^)耐久性はまだ使って間もないのでわかりませんが、、
    PUBGで使用しています。足跡はかなりはっきり聞こえます。が、方向はと言われると左右と遠さまではなんとなくわかりますが、しっかりとした方向まではわかりま
せん。特に後ろ（０時を正面としたときの、４時－８時まで）はほぼ同じに聞こえる気がして斜め後ろからよく殺られます。ミックスアンプ通してみたいけど買って現状とかわら
なかったら怖いので迷っているところ。
    Ps4proのAPEXで使用。コードを気にせず使用出来るのは本当にストレスフリーだと思いますしかし、使用5分でゲーム中でしたが使用をやめ。音が篭もり過ぎ
ていてとても使う気にはなれません。結局以前から使っているROG STRIX
FUSION700に戻してみたら、あまりの音の良さにびっくりでした憧れのワイヤレスだっただけに、めちゃめちゃ悲しくなりました次はもう少し頑張っていい物を買います
    今回奮発して買いました。とあるYouTubeの方が絶賛されていた為購入しました。付け心地はとても良く、重くない為普段4〜6時間くらいつけてプレイしてます
！音質はあまり詳しくはないのですが、低音も聞き取りやすく、某カプコンのゲームではハンターの足音など細かい音も聞こえてビックリしました！値段が高いと感じてしまった
ので…購入に踏み切るまでがちょっとかかりましたw
    ps4用に購入し、初めてのヘッドセットでした。頭が大きいですがしっかり調整し合わせる事が出来ました。約一ヶ月使用してみてまず耐久性ですが、スマホの充電コ
ードの様な断線しやすいものではなく、布で覆われてる形でとても強い。耳あての青い金属部分が高級感あって気持ちが上がります笑。耳あても柔らかく疲れづらい（流石に使っ
てれば硬くなりそう）次に音質ですが、自分は初めてのヘッドセットでしたのでとてもよく感じました。初めてのヘッドセットに是非おすすめします。耳のムレはどのヘッドセッ
トでもある様ですので特に問題なしです。あとマイクが動かせるし外せるのが地味に便利でとても助かる。一人でやるときマイク外してゲーム音全て出力して楽しんでます。ヘッ
ドセットのみで聞こえるので家の人に音で迷惑になりません。割引し約6000円でこれは最高でした。
    今まで3000円くらいのヘッドセットを使っていましたが壊れたのでこちらを購入。重さ、着け心地重さは決して軽いとは言えませんもっと軽いヘッドセットはありま
す。でもワイヤレスでコードのイライラが無く頭が疲れるほど極端に重くも感じませんでした。最初は締め付けが若干強く耳の上の方が痛く感じる事もありましたが使っているう
ちにだんだんと緩くなり、かと言っ多少下をむく程度では落ちることも無く丁度いい締め付けになりました。音に関して元々使っていたものが安物だったせいもありかなり良くな
りました！！特にFPSでの足音はしっかり聞こえます。その他ミュートが上手くできない時があります。元々困るような事話さないので問題ありませんがミュートはボタン式に
して欲しかったです。
    今までは2.3千円くらいの安い物を使ってましたがそれに比べて音はいいです！しっかり足音などの方角もわかります。密閉式なので外部の音も聞こえないくらいです
。重さも安い物の時より軽いかな？っていうくらいですから全く苦にはなりせん。耳のところも柔らかくてメガネをしていても長時間プレイできます。マイクはこもった感じに聞
こえますが周りの音を拾わないためのものと思えば気にならないレベルです。高い物は無理だけど安すぎるのも怖いというような方にはベストだと思います。
    PS4にて使用するためにPS4公認と謳っていた為、購入しましたが一言で言うと期待外れでした。APEXをVCを使って使用しましたが、電子音が聞こえることが
あります。気にならない方もいるかもしれませんが、PS4公認と書いてある以上致命的な欠陥だと思いました。ヘッドホンに詳しくないため、欠陥品か仕様かわかりませんが、
今まで使用していた物では感じなかったことです。音質に関しては足音が聞きやすくなった！などということはありません。一般的な音質かと思います。マイクの性能、ミュート
機能に不満はありません。もう２，３日使用してみて電子音が解消しないようであれば、返品・交換等を検討しています。
    とにかく接続簡単です。ps4ですが、USB差し込んでps4の電源入れて、ヘッドフォンの電源入れるだけで接続できます。耳全体がすっぽり入るので痛くない。音
質はなかなか悪いです。が、apex困りはしないです。
    これを買うまではいわゆる中華製？のヘッドセットを使っていたので、それと比較して感じたことです。まず、一番の違いはつけ心地です！本当にフィットしてくれて、
中華製のやつは耳が痛くなることがありましたが、これは何時間かゲームしても耳が痛くなることはありませんでした。見た目にチープさがなくてカッコいいのもオススメです！
音は正直、私には違いがあまり分かりませんでした。(現在では全く違うことが分かります。はるかにこちらの製品のが良いです。)ただ、ちょっとした足音に気づけることが増
えたような気もします！まとめると、私のようにライトなゲーマーには3000円ほどのやつでも十分だと思いますが、こちらの商品を買って後悔することはないと思います！！
購入からしばらく経ち、久しぶりに安い方のヘッドセットを使ってみたのですが、全然音が違いました。こちらのヘッドセットはとてもクリアに聞こえます！！さらにオススメに
なりました！
    PS4で問題無く使っています。線が外せない所が上ランクと違う部分なんですかね。マイクは外せます。密閉度が高く、耳がウェットになるかも(笑私にとっては耳も
バンド部分もふわふわで気持ちいいけど主観の差があるかな。高すぎるのも安すぎるのも嫌な人に向けな感じがします。
    音質には拘りがないので詳しくは分かりませんが普通に聞こえました。私の使っている機種にはイヤホンジャックがないので手持ちの変換ケーブルを使用して通話確認を
行いました。マイクも声をしっかり拾ってくれると思います。ただ顔との相性が悪いのか心地よい位置にマイクが固定できません。(くねくねできるので個人の問題ですね)何に
しろ使えてよかったです。これで通話が楽しめます( '∀`)
    PS4やPS5で使用するなら是非おすすめしたい商品です。箱を開けてレシーバーをUSB端子に挿せばすぐ使えるのがわかりやすくてグッド。ワイヤレスのメリット
はボイチャ途中でも飲み物取りに行ったりがすごく楽。またマイクを上げるとミュートになるのも便利です。音量調整はどっち回したらいいかよく迷います。音質はゲームでかし
ようしていないので詳しくはわかりませんが、FPSで足音聞こえるようになったので十分です。
    片耳型の密閉型タイプで有線のものを探していました。インナーイヤーもすぐ駄目になるスポンジ耳当ても避けたくて。なかなか無くてやっと見つけてこちらを購入。上
々です。ニーズとしてはさほどニッチな物ではないと思うのですが、もうちょいこういうタイプ増えて欲しい。
    使ってみて凄く使いやすいと思いました！でもフレンドとゲームをしているとき毎回音が反響してると言われますどう改善すればよいですか？それとフォートナイトをし
ているのですがロビー画面でL1R1でショップやストアロッカーなどの画面を切り替えたとき毎回ヘッドセットの右からモールス信号のようなピ！ピ！ピ！と押すたびに聞こえ
ます改善できるのでしたら誰か教えてください笑とても良い品でオススメできますが少し不満があったので3です！！これからお世話になります‼️
    ゲームと動画編集用に購入しました。動画編集用途であれば特に不満はありませんが、一方ゲームでは低音に物足りなさを感じます。とはいえ、臨場感などはあるので、
満足してます。使用感としては、ケーブルが頑丈そうで長く使えそうです。不満としては耳当ての部分がローリングしないので、人によっては耳にあいにくいかも知れません。私
は長時間付けると、痛くなってきます。
    もっと高いHyperX使ってましたがフレンドに「反響する」と文句を言われるので試しにこちらを購入してみました。そのHyperX
はこの倍以上の値段したのに何故かこのHyperX の方が反響も無く音質も同等レベルで問題が無いです。謎過ぎます…。買って後悔はしないと思います。因みにシージ、エ
ーペ、コット、BFで使用していますが、問題ありません。
    嫁が片耳聞こえないため此方を購入。音が軽すぎて使えないと言われた。試しに使ってみたが確かに音が軽い。ゲーミングと言うよりは通話がメイン。あたかもゲーミン
グもできるような書き方であったので購入したが失敗。
    ps4で使用してます。ワイヤレスは非常に楽ですね。音質は普通ですが値段相応だと思います。この値段でワイヤレスで音質も及第点なのでおすすめです。
    やはり、商品がPS4用の物なので、通常のPCのヘッドセットとしては、使いづらい。それに、片側だけの、ヘッドなので、使用感は、よくない。両耳用の物がいい！
オーダーしてから、約1ヶ月、待った品物としては、残念だった。
    この商品の前に買ったヘッドホーンはプラですぐ壊れ話にならなかったです〈2個共〉。音質的にも昔から使っている音楽用ヘッドホーンとそんなに大差ないと思います
、このヘッドホーン何と20年も使っていて今も壊れていませんビックリです。それと比較してもしっかりと作られた良い商品だと思います。
    片耳用を仕事で使うため購入。1日8時間はつけっぱなしになることがわかっていたため，ヘッドホン部分がペタンコなのは避けたくこちらを買いましたが大正解でした
。ただ，マイクがへにゃーっと下がっていってしまうのでそこだけ☆-1です。
    ボリュームを最大にしても音が小さいと感じた。慣れれば大丈夫だけど、使い始めは物足りない感でいっぱいだった。vcは普通に会話出来る。音はそんなに立体的では
無いけど左右くらいは判別出来る。PS4のコントローラーの問題なのかしれませんが、Wi-Fiの影響を受けやすく、近くにWi-Fi繋いだ携帯とか置いとくと音飛びが激
しい。初めて買ったヘッドセットなので他の商品がどんなもんかは分かりません。一ヶ月程使用しましたが、概ね良い商品だと思います。壊れるまで使うと思います。でも壊れた
ら次は違う商品を買うと思います。
    片耳、有線のものを購入。付け心地は悪くない。音声調整もしやすい。おそらく部屋での使用を想定しているからだけどマイクを回転させて、上にずらせない。外て使う
ことを考えていた自分としては、この点がかなりネック。この点が改善されれば満足。
    購入してそろそろ一年が経ちますが、音質はとてもよく手元のボリューム切り替えも便利で重宝しています。色も綺麗な青でとても気に入っています。使うときは友人と
ボイチャしたりするのですが、最近ゲーム中突然友人に声が届かなくなったり、ノイズが混じってると言われる事が多くなりました。PS4側の不具合なのかヘッドセットの不具
合なのかは分かりませんがマイクだけに不具合が出る以外はとても満足しています。
    リボルバーS THREASHER 純正サラウンドヘッドセットなど数種類のヘッドセットを試しましたが、こちらの付け心地は本当に素晴らしいです。音質に関して
も上記ヘッドセットに比べても劣っておりません。サラウンドではないですが、インピーダンスが低いので音量が大きく、低音高音ともにでております。ps4ユーザーには最適
なヘッドセットだと思います。
    オンライン会議と英会話用に購入。ミュートスイッチはPS4コントローラーにしか機能しないが、音量調節ホイールで音量0にするのは容易いので、全く問題なし。H
yperX製品の中で一番好きかも…。
    ヘッドセットが小さいのでしょうか？頭がしめつけられるようです。ヘッドホンも大きいので、少し圧迫感を感じます。音質はそれほどよくはありません。購入を間違っ
たと思います。
    テレワークで使っています。片耳なので外部の音も聞こえるので便利です。マイクの音量やスピーカーの音量も大きす、小さすぎということもなく最適です。安いのも魅
力ですね。また、自身のキーボードやマイクの音も拾ってしまわないので良いですね。
    音もクリアに聞こえる！！前は大手家電店で購入をして使用をしていたが２週間程度でヘッド部が割れた。返品交換を依頼したが最初から割れてないから交換できないと
言われ返品を断れた。窓口で何度と理由を問いただし店長と話させてくださいと言うと嫌々交換に応じた。２度と阪神応援家電店では買わない！！その様なことからか注文後に直
ぐに発送をして頂き非常に感謝今なお楽しく使用をさせて戴いてます。
    デザイン:PS4にマッチしています。着け心地:締め付けは丁度よいと思います。音:聞きやすい音です。mixAmp pro
trとの相性もまずまずです。サイズ:少し小さいかも、、、私の頭が大きいせいかも知れませんが(笑)外人も入るのかな！？
    今まで安い物も１万円超える物も色々使いましたがとても満足です。個人的には耳に当たる部分が可動するのがとても良かったです。安いヘッドセットだと音量が最大に
しても小さすぎて小さな足音等が聞こえなかったのですが、こちらはしっかり音量上げられてよく聞こえます。
    可もなく不可もなく。ちょっと全体的に音量が小さいと感じます。長時間装着してもあまりストレスにならない点は良いと思います。
    片耳でしっかりとしたイヤーパッドがあるのはあまり少ないのでオススメただ買ってすぐはキツめな印象（素材的な問題だとは思うが）なんでしばし広げた状態で固定し
たら少し広がっていい感じの締め付けに電話受けてからでも途中でイヤホンジャックに差し込めばヘッドセットで会話できるのがいい
    質感がいい、つけ心地も柔らかくていいです。低音よりの味付けのようです。買って良かったです、、
    今年の1月に購入。PS４プロで使用してます。モンハンワールド＆アイスボーンやapex、Fortniteなどの対戦で使用。どこから銃声がするかなど分かりや
すく、メガネをかけての仕様も問題ないと思います。マイク部分の取り外しが出来るのはかなり助かります、シングルプレイの際は邪魔なので。
    マイクが初期不良でしたがスグ交換してくれました。周りの音も聞こえていいです。
    安いなりにヤワな感じもするが音質やマイク感度も悪くないZOOMで使うには十分だと思う(それ以外には使っていません)
重くもないし、キツクもない。いい感じ。ただ1つ不満を言うならば低音のモコモコした感じが嫌い。PS4専用で使うにはイイけど音楽を楽しむにはチョット無理かも・・・
    周りの音が聞こえるのでいいですが、ゲームに集中したい人には向いてないかもしれません。ただ、自分的にはとても良かったです。また、ミュートスイッチや音量調節
機能がとても便利です。
    純正品と併用します。音質は純正より若干低音よりに感じます。軽くて耳は完全に覆われ、ストレスはないかな。バッテリーの持ちも十分だと思いました。
    マイクを近付けないと相手にこちらの声が聞こえないです。唇に接触するほど、近くに寄せないとダメなのが難点です。
    耳が全て覆われるので、耳自体に負担はありません。音量調節　　もう少し調整幅があれば良いな
    初めてのゲーミングヘッドセットの使用です。耳のフィット感や圧力がちょうど良く、軽い為長時間使用してもあまり疲れません。マイクの音質もよくオンラインゲーム
にはもってこいの商品です！
    PCでもiでもPadマイクが使えません。プラグのピン配置がおかしいんじゃないでしょうか。OMTP対応とか。
    ＰＳ４ホームメニューで項目を移動するたびにキィキィと甲高い音が鳴り響きます。どうしようもない不良品で最低最悪でした。
    マイクのオンオフ、音量調整共に使いやすいが、つけ心地は微妙。値段も安くコスパ良
    音量はヘッドセットでの調節が出来て便利だし無線なのでコード邪魔にならないのですが、比較的に安価なので音質的にはそこそこだと感じます。対人FPSゲームだと
聞こえにくい音もあると思うけど、ソロとかそこまで気にしなければ充分なコストパフォーマンスです。
    家族に購入。気に入ったようです。
    テレワーク用に使用、品薄時にゲーム機用として売れ残ってましたがipadで使用してます。
    2か月使って、マイクが使い物にならなくなった。相手からは小さくて聞こえない、自分のPCで確認しても声張って6%程度しかいかなかった。テレワークで毎日使う
人にはお勧めできません
    FPSで使おうと思い購入しました。最初はワイヤレスにしようかと思いましたが音が後から聴こえてきたら嫌だなと思い有線に決めました。音は鮮明に聴こえてとても
気に入っています。音量の調節が少ししづらいのが難点でしょうか。それでも、使い心地はとても良いです。
    装着感や音質は良いのですが、夏は耳が押し当てられて暑いです。冬は良いけど、夏はイヤホンタイプが良いかもです。
    掛け心地はイマイチ。肩こる、メガネの人は長時間は絶対キツイから、違う物が良いかもしれない。イヤホンマイクのほうが、ボイチャのみをしたい人はオススメ。多分
、そんな使わないと思う笑
    子供が気に入って使ってます。満足のようです。
    ps4に接続して使用していますが、パーティの方からも声がクリアになったと言われるほどです！密閉式のため音も正確に3Dに聞こえます！
    思ったいた程では有りませんでした。急に音が出なくなり、ゲームが出来無くなり困った！
    web会議用に購入しましたが、とても使い勝手が良いです。
    ゲームするだけではなんら問題ないが、ボイスチャット立ち上げて使うと少し音が篭る感じがします。許容範囲であると思います。12分に満足しています
    耐久性に関してはまだわかりません。使う人によりますが、いい感じに軽いと思います。マイクはノイズは発生しないからいいと思います。マイク感度はまあまあ周りの
音も拾うかなって感じです
    音質は少しシャカシャカする感じ自分的にはもう少ししっとりしつつ抜け感のいい音を期待していただけに期待値以下ということで★3未満でつけました
    標準的なヘッドセットです。ゲーミングヘッドセット入門には丁度いいかと思います。
    仕事用で購入しました。機能、性能的には問題ありません。ただ、ロゴが、PSのマーク？のようで、わかる人には、ゲーム用？と聞かれてしまいます。
    しっかりしたメーカー元からの商品なので、最初に買ったものより、クリアに聞こえた。イヤーカップも密閉型なので耳もあまり痛くならない。PS4専用であればおす
すめのヘッドセットだと思います
    まったく使いものにならない。有線でつないでも、USBを挿して無線で利用してもヘッドホンから声が聞こえないし、マイクも機能しない。
    値段に見合う性能です。ただ、PS4・PS5で使用の際に、USBを外さないと電源を切っても音声出力がモニターに切り替わらないのだけ難点です。
    個人的にはすごく気に入ってますただ他のより少し重いようにも感じるかな？良いものを買おうとしたらそれなりにお金も覚悟も必要だと思うので慎重にお選びください
    締め付けはきつい。ロジクールの安価ヘッドセット（111r）とくらべると、コード接続部分の壊れにくさは感じる。
    細かいところまではよくわかりませんが、初心者には大満足の商品です！
    小学生の息子にプレゼント。Nintendo Switchの本体に差し込んで使用してます。問題無くボイチャ出来ます。音も良いそうです。喜んでました^^*
    Switch用
    その道のプロでは無いので詳しいことはわかりません。音質等文句なしです！ただ、充電時に充電完了？してもライトが消えない為過充電にならないかだけが心配
    うーんps4ならしょうがないけど悪くない値段の通りの性能
    コスパ良かった。
    使い始めは少し側圧が強いので少し使ったら頭にフィットします　この値段で音質も結構いいので買いです
    マイクの音質が少し気になるがそれ以外は良い重さも他社と比べると重すぎる程ではないので首が痛くなるわけではない少し難点なのが首にかけると苦しい
    音質やばすぎ。百均以下でした
    マイクの音質も正常で高音質でしたヘッドホンも、音質はよくてコストも十分で良いと思いました。3000円くらい違うヘッドホンとマイクだと全然違いました。
    長年使っていた物が壊れて購入しましたが、音はクリアですし文句なしです。また買いたいです。
    大きさも丁度良く、音質も満足しております。コストの割には、大変良い買い物をしました。
    片耳しか聞こえない為購入✨音も着け心地も価格以上な満足感！（語彙力
    デザイン良いです！機能に不満な点は全くありません。WEB会議で活用してます。
    親が帰ってきても階段の音が分かりやすくなった
    USB接続ではないので、機器によってはアダプタが必要です。
    音質や耐久性、デザイン等が非常に良い。気になる点があるとすれば、重量があり少し首が疲れるということくらいです。
    Top
    いい感じ
    音質がよく音が伝わりやすい
    良かったです
    【視聴環境】MacBook Pro 2018【既所有ヘッドフォン、ヘッドセット】ゼンハイザー　HD580 Precisionゼンハイザー　PC 8.2
USBSONY  WI-C600N【今回のヘッドセットに期待するもの】長時間PC作業で使用する快適性。ワイアレスで席を離れるときの煩わしさの減少。プライベート時
間は映画、動画視聴も少々。ゲーム目的ではありません。【デザイン】シンプルなデザインで、妙にカラフルだったり、ケバケバしさもなく、オフィスで使っても違和感なし【高
音の音質】高音のサ行がきつくなったりしないのはいいが、ボーカルや映画のセリフの音域が低音より奥まっていてフィルターがかかったように聴こえる。リードギターのアドリ
ブやボーカルがやや抜けきらない印象。低音を強調気味で相対的に中音がおとなしく音楽向きのセッティングとは言えない。【低音の音質】低音域の余裕があり、解像感もあるの
でバスドラもしっかり聞き取れる。映画の環境音（自動車のロードノイズ、バイクの排気音）がリアルで没頭できる。音場の自然な広がり感があり、聴き疲れしない。【ヘッドセ
ットとしての機能、操作性】接続はUSBレシーバー。すぐにつながり問題なし。マイクをスイングさせるとミュートになるのは非常に使い勝手がよい。マイクが本体の外側にあ
るので回してもヘッドバンドの内側に入り込んで違和感を感じたりしないのもよい。デジタルボリュームは適度なクリック感で操作しやすく、本体のボリュームと連動しており使
いやすい。充電アダプタがUSB-CなのはMacとの互換性がありよい。【フィット感】非常に良好。柔らかいパッドはサラッとしたスポーツウェアのような肌触りで夏でも蒸
れない。本体は軽量で頭を振っても全く違和感を感じず。これなら長時間着用でも快適に過ごせそう。【外音遮断性】密閉なのでそれなりに遮断されている。ノイキャンなしでも
あまり気にならない。【音漏れ防止】それほど漏れてはいなそう。【携帯性】畳んだり、折り曲げたりできないのでよくないが、室内ユーズのみなので問題なし。【総評】軽量で
フィット感大変良好。マイクやボリュームの操作性もよい。スピーカーユニットの直径に余裕があるためか、低音の再生能力、解像度がよく没頭できる。一方音楽、映画の視聴に
はやや中音域が控えめでフィルターがかかったように聞こえる。音質重視なら他の選択も視野にいれたほうがよさそう。
    PC用などで評判の良いHyperX CloudのPS4版です。PS4やSwitchではヘッドホン端子がマイクとヘッドホンの両方を兼ねているため、これを使
えばそのままボイチャしながらゲームが遊べます。定位感も良くフォートナイトとかにうってつけだと思います。感覚的に音がした方向がピンポイントで分かる印象です。ケーブ
ルの長さは130cmですが、デュアルショック4に直接繋いでプレイする場合は短く感じません。マイクは邪魔なら外せますし、ワイヤーを曲げて視界の外に持っていけます。
PCで使う場合は、ヘッドホン端子とマイク端子に分けるアダプターが必要になります。長時間プレイしていても痛くならないので、良いのではないかと思います。
    キングストンのゲーミングブランドであるHyperXの「HyperX Cloud Stinger Core」（HHSS1C-KB-WT/G）。USB
Type-Aドングルによる2.4GHzワイヤレスゲーミングヘッドフォン。基本はドングルを挿してヘッドフォン電源を入れればすぐ使える（またはサウンド設定系で選択）
。ヘッドフォン本体には電源ボタン（やや長押し）・音量調節・充電用のUSB Type-
C端子が備わる。ノイズキャンセルマイクは畳むとミュートになる。バッテリースタミナは音量中で約17時間。本体以外の付属品は、USB Type-
Aドングル、充電用USB Type-A〜Type-Cケーブル、スターターガイド（簡素）。製品保証は購入後2年間。PC/PS4対応とあるが「一応Nintendo
SwitchやMacでも使用可能」（Switchでは基本ヘッドフォン用途のみ：USB Type-CなMacBook系はUSB Type-A変換する事で使用可能：
汎用的なヘッドセット認識でありテレワークも可能・最近のAV家電でも使える可能性有り）。ワイヤレスではあるがコンパクトなサイズ感とまでは言えず、本体重量（275g
）は軽い印象は無い。待機時のドングルは常に発光点滅する。全般カタカタ言う本体質感も（個人的には）正直不満だが、その分のコストを音質に当てている印象。40mmドラ
イバーが不足ない臨場感を実現。ボイスチャットやヘッドセット用途を考慮してか総じて高音は聞き取り易く、中音域の広がりは価格相応ながらも輪郭はわりと明瞭。低音傾向は
「解像度的な凹凸感よりも圧」。仕様的に次世代ゲーム機の音響規格（3Dオーディオ等）で使うには正直力不足かもしれないが、ワイヤレスヘッドフォン（ヘッドセット）とし
てゲームや映画観賞やテレワークに活躍の場は広い。同社「HHSS1C-BA」の様な7.1ch対応ではないが、その為の専用ソフトウェア「HYPERX NGENUIT
Y」の必要無く使える手軽さは長所。7.1chとしなかった事が、結果してゲームタイトル汎用性を高めたとも言える。因みにイヤーパッド内側に3mm程の破け丸穴が点々と
あるが、一定間隔＆均等に配置されている為、湿気抜きや内圧調整の意図的な穴かと。普及価格帯として優秀と言って良い。学生辺りが手を出すに丁度良いヘッドフォンである。
レビュー評価は星4だが、正確には星4.5である。
    イヤカップがスカスカ気味でさほど閉塞感ないのですが、意外と左右の締めつけ圧が強く若干暑苦しい感じです。結構、音漏れもします。音質は大人しい印象。ボリュー
ムコントロールが敏感でないことも含め、全般的に落ち着いた製品イメージです。マイクの角度がフレキシブルに変更可能なこと、はね上げでミュートしてくれることは非常に便
利。デザインとあわせ総合的に必要十分を狙う、その設計思想に好感を持ちました。PCに接続してweb会議でも使っています。マイク音量がすこし小さめ？な以外は問題あり
ません。
    キングストンのゲーミングヘッドセットです。特徴的なのはUSBドングルを挿して2.4GHz無線での接続ですね、意外と大きな遅延も無くしっかり繋がります。本
体はゲーミングと言う割にはおとなし目で、PS5を思わせるカラーリングとオーソドックスな形状です。圧迫感は無いがサイズ調整の幅はそこまで大きくなく、頭の大きな方は
多少は窮屈さを感じるかもしれません。ただし無線でしかも軽いので、有線と比べると快適である事に違いはありません。イヤーカップも耳が痛くなることは無く、最高とまでは
いかないが、疲れにくい仕上がりだと感じます。音質はゲーミング的に感じる部分は問題無いですね、ゲームの臨場感という面ではよくできています。音楽用や映画用とはまた違
った、ソリッドな感じで、サラウンド感ではないです。音量調整は分かりやすいダイヤル、マイクは跳ね上げてミュートになる仕様で、ゲームプレイの事をよく考えられていると
思います。
    パッケージに「PS4/PS5」と書いてあり、PS5の本体の白（と差し色の青）を意識した配色になっています。PS5発売前なので、本当にこの白色なのかどうか
分かりませんが、PS5の本体や標準コントローラーの白色と青色にマッチするはずの色になっています。接続方式は、付属のワイヤレスUSBレシーバー1択です。Bluet
ooth方式を選ぶことはできません。レシーバーは、長時間使用しても、それほど熱くなりません。ほんのり温かい程度です。接続設定も手間いらずです。USBレシーバーを
本体に挿して、あとはヘッドホンの電源ボタンを長押ししてONにするだけです。肝心の音質に関しては、50時間ほど「慣らし」てみましたが、慣らさずとも、ボイスは明瞭で
す。ボイスは、かなり聴き取りやすいです。重低音は、そこそこです。ズンズン来る感覚は（残念ながら）ありません。ボイスの聴き取りやすさ優先だと思えば、悪くありません
。ボイスが明瞭な代わりに、音楽や効果音は「遠くで聴こえる」感じがします。それを「立体感」と換言してもいいのですが、「遠くで聴こえる」だけで、「サラウンド感」には
欠けると思います。実際に性能的に5.1や7.1サラウンドではありません。ですので、あくまで「ボイスチャット」向き。ボイスチャットをしながらゲームをプレイする人に
は最適ですが、ボイスチャットは決してせず、ただシンプルに「ヘッドホンでサラウンド感を満喫しながらゲームをプレイしたい」のであれば、5.1chや7.1ch性能を備
えた他製品のほうがいいです。プレイステーションではなく、パソコンとも接続可能です。パソコンとワイヤレス接続した際も、ヘッドホン側のダイヤルで音量調節できますし、
マイク部分を上に向けることで「ミュート」にできます。マイクも音割れなく、普通に使えます。マイクは、抜き差しできません。ヘッドホンのイヤパッドは柔らかくて、不快感
ゼロです。長時間装着したままでも疲れません。音漏れもほぼないです。ただし、熱はこもりやすいです。
    軽量なワイヤレスヘッドセットです。7.1chサラウンド機能が省略されているのと、PS4に最適化されており音切れしにくいモデルです。音質はゲームの爆発音や
銃声など、低音はいいのですが高音域は少し音が籠ったように聞こえ、音楽ではボーカルの声が普通のイヤホンよりも違って聞こえます。音楽や映画鑑賞には向かないです。ゲー
ムの効果音や、ボイスチャットの音声を聞くのには支障はありません。ワイヤレスですが軽量で、ブームマイクを跳ね上げるとミュートにすぐできるのでプッシュボタンよりも直
感的に操作できるのは良い点です。眼鏡をした上にこのヘッドセットをしても、側圧で耳が痛くなることはありませんでした。ワイヤレスなのでどうしても有線モデルよりも音質
は劣りますが、コードを気にせず遊べるのはやはり楽です。コスパが良く、軽量なヘッドセットを探しているなら良い選択肢だと思います。
    PS4、ソニーの公式品ということで試してみました。まず見た目がとても良いです。PS4にバッチリあう黒と青のカラーリングはスタイリッシュで、サイドに装飾さ
れたPSマークも好きです。それからマイク部分も使いやすいです。マイクは上下に倒す事ができるのと、柔軟な素材が使われていて口元に合わせて位置を調整できるものになっ
ています。取り回し◎ですね。また、マイク部分を持ち上げる（最初の位置に戻す）ことで、「カチ」という音がするのですが、これでマイクのオンオフが切り替わるのは良いな
と思いました。ボタン式のヘッドセットも持っているのですが、オンとオフの状態がわかりづらかったりして結局PSボタンで調整するところを、この商品なら直感的にマイクの
オンオフを切り替えることが出来ます。また、着用感もかなり良いです。耳元のマフというのか、スポンジ部分が非常にもこっとしていて、着用した際に頭に触れないような作り
になっています。これだけで頭が痛くなるような感覚がなくなるのですが、この商品自体が非常に軽いこともあって、長い時間のゲームプレイでも頭が痛くなりませんでした。ま
たPS4で使うことが想定されているため、コードの長さが絶妙です。PS4ではコントローラーにヘッドセットを接続するため、その長さに見合った長さのコードであるため、
必要以上にコードが余って邪魔、ということはありませんでした。これはライセンス商品ならではの配慮だと思います。この長さなら携帯ゲーム機にも適しているでしょう。VI
TAなんかを遊ぶにも最適です。そして音質、こちらも良かったです。FPSでの銃撃音の響きもよく聞こえますし、音質について悪いようなところは見つかりませんでした。た
だ、ボイスチャットの音質だけ、友人に指摘されました。この商品より少し高い値段のイヤホンマイクを使っていたのですが、ボイスチャットの音質（こちらが送る音）は、この
商品より前のほうが良かったと言われてしまいました。自分では聞こえない部分なのでどうにもなりませんが、友人に比べてみてもらったところ、「どちらも悪くないが、高い方
のマイクのほうがよく聞こえる」と言われましたので、参考までに。とは言え、自分で使う分には全く問題なしです。むしろライセンスで非常に高水準だと感じましたし、ゲーミ
ングヘッドセットとして見た目もかっこよくてコントローラーと並べておいておくと映えます。マイク部分も上に上げてしまっておくと邪魔になりませんし、「メインは自分がゲ
ームする時に使う」「でもたまにボイチャで遊ぶ時にボイチャも出来るようにしておきたい」という人にはかなり良いと感じました。
    ※CLOUD STINGERのレビューです。■　どんな商品？ゲーム時に用いる事を前提に開発された軽量なヘッドホンです。ノイズキャンセリングを備えたマイク
もついています。PS4公認でコントローラーに接続して使うのにちょうどいい長さです。PCで使う場合などには延長ケーブルが付属するCLOUDがお勧めです。■　音質音
質については価格なりといったところです。1万円以下としては悪くありませんし、ゲーミングらしく低音については価格以上の迫力がある設定です。FPSなどの物音が重要な
ゲームにも充分に対応できると思います。マイクの方も問題なく使用可能です。■　感想本体が耳をピッタリ覆うように装着できるので、雑音も余り入ってきません。本体も軽い
ので長時間のゲームでも負担は少ないです。この手のアイテムは価格を上げればあげるほどよくなるわけですが、それほどお金をかけずに一定の品質を求めるのであればかなりお
勧めできます。この価格なので音楽を聴くのでもOK！という程の万能性はありませんが、ゲームなら充分な性能が得られます。
    Cloud Stinger Coreは黒い有線タイプも持っているのですが、やはりヘッドセットはワイヤレスがいいですね。軽いですし、有線と比べて特に遅延を
感じることもなく快適に使えています。音質はゲーム内の会話や効果音を聴き取りやすいやや硬めのもので、音楽や映像作品を楽しむにはちょっと物足りない感じはします。マイ
クの角度調整がしやすく跳ね上げるとミュートになるのは既に持っていたものと同じで、とても使いやすく気に入っている点です。あと個人的に、ホワイトという色が好きです。
自分が白やシルバーのPCケースを使っているということもあるんですが、この色やっぱりPS5との相性を狙ったものなんでしょうね。ハードとの見た目の相性の良さ、テーマ
カラーに拘る方にもおすすめです。
    ワイヤレスは楽です。有線に戻れない。これがともかくこのヘッドホンを使っての印象ですね。自室のパソコンのいろいろヘッドホンをつないでいるですが、このヘッド
ホンをすぐ使ってしまいます。楽。あと、有線ケーブルがないので、ケーブルの重みで引っ張られない。頭に乗せたときのバランスが良いという点から疲れにくい（違和感を感じ
にくい）ですね。また軽さという点でも秀逸です。もともとこのヘッドホンの特徴かもしれないし、ケーブルの重みを感じないことから来ているのかもしれません。音質や定位に
関しては、期待される水準に十分達しているという印象です。特に私は、音の明瞭度というのか分解度というのかが高い気がします。あまり大音量ではゲームしない派なのですが
、小さ目の音でも、明確に聞こえやすいです（これは個人的な印象なのでどこまで一般性かがあるのかは少し自信がありませんが）。軽さ故なのかなぁ。いずれにせよ、かなりゲ
ーム用、長時間つけているヘッドホンとしてはかなり気に入りました。マイクはごく普通に音を拾ってくれます。Skype、Line等で聞こえづらいとか言われたことはない
です。あとは無線ということで遅延ですが、これまた気になったことはないですね。そんな反応速度や遅延にシビアなゲームはしてないからでしょうか。
    PS4で使用。本体充電してUSBさして説明書通りにちょちょっと設定すればすぐ使える。普段PS4の音声はホームシアター側から出力しているので、スピーカーか
ら出力する時にはいちいちUSBの抜き差し必要になったら嫌だな、と思っていたが杞憂。PS4側の設定を変えるだけでスピーカー、ヘッドホン出力がすぐ切り替えられて便利
。重量はヘッドホン的には普通。ただコードが無いおかげで身軽さは段違い。イヤーパッドはメッシュで触感的にはわりとゴワゴワ気味。しかし縦に長い楕円形なので、円形より
も眼鏡のツルに接触する割合が小さく、着け心地は良し。装着による頭部への圧迫感も無い。ボリューム調整はダイヤル式。一段の幅が細かく設定されていて調整に不満は無し。
肝心の音質はまあ悪くない感じ。声はハッキリ聞き取れるが、低音をアピールするわりにさほど重厚な響きは無く、高強低普といった印象。チャット音声の音質も十分。跳ね上げ
でミュートに出来るマイクは便利。大きな不満はバッテリー切れの警告音が猛烈に耳障り。甲高い音で一定間隔で鳴るので、ここまで終わったら充電しよう、という余地が無い。
音質的に抜きん出たものは無いが、コスパと利便性はマル。
    SSDやSDカードなどメモリ製品でおなじみのKingstonによる、ワイヤレスゲーミングヘッドセットです。PS4でのゲーム用途や、テレワークのWeb会議
アプリで使用しており、使い始めて1か月ほど経ちますが、安定して音声通信できています。外観はプラスチッキーでややチープな印象は否めませんが、その分軽いのが魅力です
。イヤーカップの圧迫感はやや強めなので、真夏だと少し暑いかもしれませんが、短時間でつけたり外したりしている分には問題ないかと思います。音質についてはフラットで癖
のない印象です。低音が必要以上に強いということもありません。ゲーミング用途では十分かと思います。マイクが位置の上下でマイクオフにすることができ、これはWeb会議
アプリで使っていても非常に便利に感じました。総評としては非常に満足しています。さすがKingston、ツボを押さえた手堅い製品を出してくるなというのが率直な印象
です。
    イヤーカップ・ヘッドのクッションはレザーっぽいサラサラの感触で、高反発系のスポンジが仕込まれていて装着感が快適です。軽量で長時間のプレイでもストレスが非
常に少ないと思います。メガネの上からでも圧迫感は少なめに思います。サイズ調整幅も特に問題ない感じで、余程頭の大きな方以外なら問題なく使えると思います。メタル製の
骨がスライドするので耐久性も悪くない感じですね。ケーブル長は直線状態で約140cmです。音は中高音が少しピーキーで、ゲームのエフェクト音がハッキリクリアに聴こえ
刺激的です。低音は過不足無い感じで適度に量感・迫力が感じられますが、フォーカスがやや甘めでもう少しキレが欲しい所ではあるものの、値段を考えたら頑張っている方だと
思います。引き締った重低音のズンズン感を重視する方には少し物足りないかも知れませんが、ゲームはもちろん音楽でも充分楽しめる音作りで、手頃な価格ながらそれなりにツ
ボは押さえた音と思います。右ユニットの下部に音量調節スライダーがあり、手元でも簡単に調節できて咄嗟の時などに便利です。スライダーはクリック感があり７段階くらいで
音量調節が出来ます。音量maxなら携帯端末でも充分な音量感が確保できてますね。マイクの音質も悪くない感じで、手持ちのiPad mini でも認識され、チャットや
ボイスメモなどでも使えました。不要な時にサクッと上げてオフ出来るのも使いやすいです。ボディ全体は基本プラ製ですが安っぽくない感じで、エッジの効いた近未来的なデザ
インも悪くないと思います。軽量でストレスが少ないのも高ポイント。この価格でこの内容なら充分満足出来るハイコスパ機と思いました。
    随分耳に優しい音だなというのが、第一印象。音が小さいという意味ではないよ。バランスの良い音だと思う。イヤーカップが縦長なのも耳介が収まって個人的には良い
感じ。丸形で耳を抑えてしまって痛みが出る人にはオススメ。別にPS４でなくても普通に使えるし、一本のケーブルで音声とマイク両方のケーブルが使える機器なら普通にその
まま使っても良い。マイクを上にあげるとカチッという音とともにOFF、下げるとONになるのもわかりやすくて良い。ちなみに、どういうわけかわからないが、iPad２（
めちゃ古いやつ）に接続すると、iosが激重になったりフリーズしたりした。どういうことだろう。
    軽さが素晴らしい。ワイヤレスなのでコードに制約されませんし、軽いし、圧迫感もないし、他のヘッドセットを圧倒する快適さです。音質も十分です。一般の人が買え
る価格帯でこの性能は素晴らしいと思います。スピーカーの音質は低音が強めですね。臨場感を高める調整と思います。ゲームの迫力を感じさせます。音楽用の高価な製品に比べ
るとボーカルがやや弱いかなとは思いますが、値段を考慮しないのは不公平です。マイクは十分な音量で明瞭に録音されます。会話の録音には十分な性能です。セットアップも簡
単でした。USBアダプタを刺してからPCを再起動すれば使えます。本体の充電はUSBで行います。付属品はUSBアダプタと充電用USBケーブル、簡易説明書（英文）で
す。
    キングストン のPS4公認ゲーミングヘッドセットです。高級感ある筐体で質感も良いです。装着感は適度な圧迫でフィット感もよく長時間装着しても痛くなったりし
ませんでした。音質はややドンシャリ傾向で臨場感もありFPSに向いていてゲーム時の周囲の状況が手にとるようにわかり、勝利確率が上がります。大口径ドライバーのお陰で
しっかりした低音が出ており高音もクリアーです。マイクの性能はやや感度が低めのような気がします。臨場感があり高級感あるPS4公認ゲーミングヘッドセットです。
    ゲーミングヘッドセットはどれを買ったら良いか迷ってしまう程、色々な種類のが売られてます。本商品の一番の特徴である、スイングしてミュートが可能なノイズキャ
ンセリングマイクではないかと思います。Skypeなどネット通話をするときに大変重宝する仕様で気に入りました。更にゲームの臨場感を高めるオーディオ50mm指向性ド
ライバーはゲーム時には臨場感が感じられることは間違いありません。Google Play Musicを試してみると元々重低音は搭載されてないのですが、綺麗なサウン
ドを楽しむことが出来ます。あと、自宅でも常にPCレンズ（度無し）を掛けてPC操作をしてるのですが、これまで使ってきたヘッドセットだと、イヤーカップがテンプルを押
さえつけ痛かったのですが、本製品はそれが全くなく、ちょうど、イヤーカップと額の隙間にスッと挿入する感じになり、全く痛くなく、本体が軽いので長時間掛けてられます。
音量調整はR側下部スライダーボリュームとなってます。購入に迷ったら、本製品を買ってみると後悔しないと思います。
    PS4公認ヘッドセットだけはあり、思っていたよりも軽量で、とても快適です。優れた音質と利便性を求めるPS4ゲーマー向け商品で、HyperXならではの低反
発クッションと、首のまわりに置いて楽に休むことができる90°回転式イヤーカップが最高です。臨場感も得られて、さすが！という感じです。音場を正確に捉える高品質のサ
ウンドで、ヘッドセットには、イヤーカップの音量スライダーと、スイングしてミュートが可能なノイズキャンセリングマイクが付いているので、至れり尽くせりです。マイクの
上下操作も、ヘッドの長さ調整部分も、非常にスマートで引っかかりもなく、とにかく、ストレスフリーです。カップ部分もスマートで、クールなデザインが気に入ったので、☆
５つの評価とさせて頂きました。
    以前持っていたキングストン HyperX Cloud II 7.1と比較してもケーブルが少し長くなってます。そしてその長さが私の場合ちょうどよかった。Ｐ
Ｃ本体をテーブルの下に設置していて、その前面に接続して使っていたのですが、以前の商品はそれをするとピンと引っ張る状態に近い所までいくため、少しでも離れるとブチッ
と抜けてしまっていました。使い方の問題ではありますが、結果3年目の数日前にダメになってしまいました。しかし、今回購入して以前のと比較してみたところ、+23㎝程長
くなっています。この長さだと、下に置いてあるご家庭でもピンとひっぱるどころか、少したるむので姿勢を気にせず装着して楽しめます。買ってよかったと思います、以前のよ
り安くＰＳ４公式ライセンスときたもんだ！買わない手はないでしょう！手元でボリューム調整出来るのでホント嬉しくて大切に使おうと思います。
    PCゲームで使用しました。おしゃれなデザインで外観は良いです。音質はこの価格帯なら満足できます。ゲームをしていて遅延を感じることはなかったです。バッテリ
ーは就寝時に充電しておけばゲーム中にバッテリー切れとなることはないです。側圧が若干強めなのが気になります。使っているうちに馴染んでくるとは思います。
    ゲーム用の有線型ヘッドホンです。ゲーム用ヘッドホンというと海外製のものは締め付けが強く頭が痛くなるものが多いのですが、本商品は比較的楽です。長時間は使っ
ていないので何とも言えませんが、少なくとも短時間なら大丈夫でした。ＰＳ４でモンハンをやるのですが、１クエストごとに休憩しているので締め付け感は気になっていません
。音質はゲーム用として良くある、低音を強く、高音をやや強く強調したような感じです。音楽用としては使えなくもないですが、向いているものではないと思います。ボリュー
ム調整がスライダー型なので若干使いづらい気もしますが、リモコンがぶらぶらしないという意味では良いかもしれません。
    PS4で使っています。難しい設定も要らず、USBドングルを挿すだけで使えます。音質はこの値段ならば不満のないレベル。欲を言えば、ヘッドホンの電源がPS4
と連動してオンオフ出来ればもっと良かったかな。まあHYPER Xの上位モデルもその様な機能は無いので、欲張り過ぎかもですが。
    かなり大ぶりのヘッドセットです。にもかかわらず、軽い。耳まわりの当たりも柔らかくて、圧迫感が無いので、長時間の使用にも負荷がありませんでした。ただ、基本
的に密閉式なので、蒸れるのは、やむをえません。夏場はちょっとと思います。しかし、密閉式は、小さな音まで確実に伝えてくれるので、それだけに気分は集中できます。音質
は、まあ悪くありません。音楽用にも使えるか、というと、やや低音、高音が強調されすぎているようにも思います。（イコライザーをかませればいいのですが。）ステレオとし
ての左右分離や臨場感は、音楽用よりくっきりしているようにも思います。マイクも、気にならず、使いやすい方だと思います。
    とてもクリアに聞こえるヘッドフォンです。マイクの性能も良いです。オンラインでゲームをしながら会話するのには適していると思います。ただ、ヘッドセットの側圧
が強めなので、長時間付けているとやや頭が痛くなりました。私は特に頭が大きいわけでもないのですが･･･。側圧が強いおかげで周りのノイズがほぼシャットアウトされてゲ
ームに集中できる利点はあるのですが、長時間使用しにくいため、最大２時間程度までの使用におすすめです。マイク部分を上げるとミュートになるなど機能性はよく考えられて
おり使いやすく、総合的には気に入っています。
    装着時のフィット感、音質共に問題ありません。接続もUSBポートに指すだけなので簡単。スイッチとPS4で使っていますが、不具合も起きてません。フォートナイ
トをプレイしているのですが、敵の足音がはっきり聞こえるのですごくプレイしやすいです。ただしヘッドホンをしてしまうと周りの声が聞こえなくなってしまうのでそこだけ注
意しましょう。
    質感が良い意味で簡素な物で、ずっしり感もなくフィットも自然。長時間の装着も苦になりませんでした。普段モニターヘッドフォン等で音の視聴に慣れ親しんでいると
音の広がりと強弱に物足りなさは感じますが、USBドングルでのワイヤレスはとても取り回しがよく、万能。マイクも通常の会話としたら十分な音質ですし、定位もそこはかと
なく感じ取れます。この価格帯のワイヤレスヘッドセットとしてコスパ良と感じます。
    PS4とPCオンラインゲーで使用してみました。音楽専門のヘッドホンよりは劣るけど、ヘッドセット部類の中では、結構良い方に入ると思います。ほどよい低音域と
、耳触りにならない高音域。中音域はリアルの感覚。実に良い感じのヘッドセットです。マイクの感度も良い感じ。相手方にも声が聞きやすいとの高評価。ノイズも全然無く、籠
もってる感もない。ハッキリ明瞭に聞こえてるとのことです。このまましばらく愛用していきたいと思います！
    WindowsのWeb会議用iPadのゲーム用として使っています。Bluetoothヘッドセットだと途切れたりするのに困っていましたが、コレは全く途切れ
ず快適です。音質は値段なりなので音質にはこだわらないけど快適に音を聞いたり、話したりしたいという方に非常にオススメです
    このヘッドセットをSamsung　GALAXY Note8に繋げ、PodCastを聞いたり、PUBGでゲームをしています。軽量なので取り扱いが楽な反面、
音質は中級です。特にイヤーカップの端にある音量スライダーと、縦にスイングするとミュートになるマイクが便利だと思います。
    コスパ良い。ワイヤレスの上、軽いし使い勝手よい。息子のオンライン授業に使ったり、テレワークの打ち合わせに使ったり。PS5対応するようなので、購入したら試
したいです。
    なかなか良いですね。黒で高級感があります。音は低音もよく出ていて迫力があります。FPSなどに最適だと思いますが、普通のゲームでも迫力満点で楽しめます。耳
も痛くなることはなくつけ心地も悪くないですね。
    価格帯以上に高品質ですがいかんせん重たくて疲れてしまいました。耳も少し蒸れますし長時間利用には向かないですね。音質はいわゆるドンシャリ系ですが、ゲーム用
途としては満足です。
    ワイヤレスですが、結構音質も良く、遅延も目立たない気がしました。みため、結構カッコ良くて、これはこれでありかなと思いました。
    軽いので、頭に負担がかからず自然な感じがとても良いです、音も素晴らしく、重低音の再現性も高いです、無論装着感も絶妙でゲームの没入感が半端ないです。
    値段の割にはいい感じで聞こえます。コスパが良い
    片耳用買いましたマイクがめっちゃ短いです……こういう物なのかな……俺の顔がデカいからなのか……あと締めつけは結構強いと思います
    前まで使っていたヘッドホンが壊れましたので、BENGOOさんのヘッドホンを買ってみました。最初に思ったのは、手に持ってみて軽いと感じたことです。音質もい
いですし、耳にもすっぽりはまり快適でした。でも強いて言うなら、コードが長いくらいですかねｗ
    初期評価なので甘めの点数です。耐久性あたりはまだ判らないので評価の対象外としてます。USB接続のステレオヘッドセット(安物)のMUTEボタンが効かなくな
ったので代品として購入。ノートPCでネット会議する為に選択しました。ノートPCの場合、3.5mm4極ジャックが付いてるので、当製品が安くて良さそうだなと。ただネ
ット会議中に自分の発言終わって、ヘッドセット外して音声をROMる時に、USBの接続の場合はマイクだけ生かして外部のサウンドは、本体スピーカーに切替出来ますが、3
.5mm4極ジャックを使っているとそれ自体がメイン再生機器になってしまうのでずっとヘッドセット付けてないと駄目という仕様上の問題に気づきましたけどね・・・耳をす
っぽり覆うタイプなので蒸れなくて良いです。夏場は耳にかぶさるタイプだとマジで暑いですよね。また片耳タイプなのでテレワーク中に家の中の物音に気づけるのはメリットで
すね。ゲーミングデバイスのメーカーさんですがこんな安いのもあるのかぁ、ということで試しに購入してみましたが、業務でネット会議する分には全く問題の無い製品だと思い
ました。
    前回まで使っていたヘッドホンが壊れてしまったので、せっかくならワイヤレスのものを買おうと思いこの度購入しました。使い始めて1ヶ月ほど経ったので、レビュー
てみようと思います。音質やマイクなど性能についてですが、私はpcやps4、Switchなどでこのヘッドホンを利用してますが、音質は全然申し分無い、むしろ良いです
。マイクに関しても、フレンドさんから「声大きくない?」「小さくない?」とは全く言われず、むしろいいっぽいです。着け心地も、リングフィットアドベンチャーという、体
を動かすゲームをしてもずれ落ちる気配もありませんし、見た目に関しても基本が白でとても良いです。1ヶ月使っても壊れる気配もないのです。ただ、充電するときの接続が少
し悪いと感じました。僕が思う悪いと思うところはそこだけです。1万円しないワイヤレスヘッドホンにしてはとても良いものだと感じました。個人的にいい買い物になりました
。これから購入を検討してる方にこのレビューを見て貰えると幸いです。
    めちゃくちゃ、よかった。音が良く、この値段で、コスパが最高だと思う。日本人向けに、うまくSONYもコラボしていて、右利きで動きながらマイクも使いやすい位
置にある。頭が、締め付けがそこまでないのに、音質が良くて、気に入りました。
    長時間利用でも痛くなくならないので、重宝して使っています。
    とても聞こえやすいです。小さい音も聞こえやすいです。
    音質、耐久、着け心地は良い。だがマイクの音質が悪い。マイク取り外しが出来るので、コンデンサーマイクを買った方が良い気がする。
    授業用のため購入した
    ごっつい見た目とは裏腹に、軽くて装着しやすいです。耳を丸々覆うタイプなので、外部の音が入ってきにくく（ノイズキャンセリングというほどではありません）、自
分の世界に没頭できます。USB接続で特別な手間なく簡単に設定できます。音質もいいと思います。マイクもあるのでPCに接続してオンラインミーティングなどにも活用でき
るでしょう。相手から笑われること必至ですが。
    Compre estos HyperX para reemplazar unos Logitech H600 que ya me lastimaban
las orejas por tener las almohadillas rotas y buscaba que fueran inalambricos
pero no bluetooth, que fueran por usb.La funcion principal en que los uso es
impartir clases, asistir a cursos y conferencias por videollamada, además de
grabar contenido para clases por lo que a veces me aviento varias horas con los
audifonos puestos y estos resultaron un gran reemplazo y actualización a mis
audifonos anteriores.Enumero todos sus pros:- Son bonitos. Desde que los vi por
primera vez me llamaron mucho la atención por ser blancos con un par de lineas
azules y no el clásico negro u otro con rgb. Además no son acabado piano sino
mate que en lo personal me gusta más.- Son muy livianos, inmediatamente al
sacarlos de la caja se sienten livianos y eso se aprecia mucho al tenerlos
puestos por horas- Los materiales son buenos sin llegar a ser premium, creo son
lo suficientemente buenos para que duren muchos años con un buen cuidado.- Las
almohadillas no lastiman y cubren toda la oreja. Este punto me encanta ya que no
siento las almohadillas no estan ejerciendo presión sobre mis orejas y puedo
estar más tiempo con ellos.- El material de las almohadillas es tela y no me
hace sudar a comparacion del vinilpiel o la piel.- Es muy sencillo silenciar el
microfono, basta con levantarlo, en mis Logi H600 esto se hacía con un botón,
pero después de un rato se me olvidaba si los había silenciado o no, con los
HyperX no hay pierde.- La rueda de volumen funciona bien y es sensible, es decir
que puede subir o bajar el volumen rápidamente si se necesita.- Funcionan bien
con mi pc en Windows 10, excelentes en OBS, zoom, teams y discord. En todos
lados he preguntado si me escuchan bien y nadie me ha dicho que no o que me
escucho bajo.- Funcionan con mi cel mediante otg, es un Poco F1 con Android 10.
Pero no probé el micro.- Funcionan en Nintendo Switch pero no probé el micro.A
continuación menciono los contras que les encontré :- En la pagina de sopprte de
HyperX no hay instructivo para este modelo, del modelo negro solo una guía
rápida (la misma impresa que trae).- El modo de apagado automático que dunciona
bien al ahorrar batería si los olvidas encendidos no aparece especificado en el
instructivo, no explica a los cuantos minutos se activa y si hay alguna forma de
desactivarlo aunque a mi me gusta.- No funciona para Xbox One, se que esto no es
culpa de Kingston sino de Microsoft pero ojala pudieran servir para todas las
consolas.El envío de la paquetería fue correcto, en el tiempo indicado y rápido
    Needed a headset to chat with friends and record while playing. For the
price, I was skeptical with how good they'd actually be. To my surprise, they
have surpassed my expectations. The they are very confortable to wear for long
amounts of time. The sound quality is actually good. I can hear my friends
clearly and they can hear me clearly. It has good bass for listening to music
too, which is exactly what I was hoping for. It does a good job with noise
cancellation too. It's mostly made out of plastic, but it doesn't feel bad
quality. It actually feels quite nice. I like the matte finish on it and that
the mic is flexible, so you can easily bend it to your comfortability. The
battery life is actually decent in them too. I'm able to use them for hours on
multiple occasions before they need a recharge. I have no complaints about
battery life so far. It is super simple to set up too. As soon as you turn on
the headset and plug in the USB, it connects automatically. No extra work
needed. I don't even care that it's not bluetooth because it's still wireless
anyway. I wear glasses when gaming, so having a comfortable headset that didn't
make me feel like my glasses were putting pressure on my ears was what I needed.
They are way better than my old Turtle Beach headset. I am so glad that I didn't
spend closer to $200 on a different headset when I didn't need to. This is a
well balanced headset. I'd recommend these without hesitation.
    Really love it, at first it was strange wearing it bc it was very firm but
now it’s snug. the battery lasts long and the sound is great for gaming and
listening to music. i like how it’s wireless so i can wear it around the house
while i listen to music on my pc. the mic is good and i like how i can push it
up to mute—been looking for headphones like this for months! highly recommended
    Los adquirí para impartir clases x zoom en el laboratorio.  Me gustó mucho
que puedo escuchar perfectamente a los alumnos y ellos me escuchan muy bien, a
pesar del ruido del compresor y de la máquina que estoy operando en tiempo real.
Muy buen alcance del transmisor inalámbrico, porque puedo moverme frente a la
máquina y mostrar todas sus partes sin que se corte el sonido.  Son pesados para
mi gusto porque estoy acostumbrado a los audífonos ligeros, pero las ventajas
que tienen estos audífonos superan este detalle.
    Más que incómodos son muy grandes se sienten raros , no me gusto que
forzosamente necesites un dispositivo usb para conectarlo con la computadora,
por esa razón no pude utilizarlos con mi celular cosa que con otros más
económicos si se puede , los materiales me parecen frágiles , creo que el
producto esta sobreestimado según su precio aun no se cuando durabilidad tendrá
que recién los estoy adquiriendo
    Están ligeros si, pero se siente super frágil el plástico del que esta
hecho, si los agitas se abre la diadema con facilidad, después de unos 45 min de
uso te empieza a doler la parte donde te tocan las esponjas, el diseño esta
cool, pero sinceramente con lo que cuestan te puedes comprar otros muchísimo
mejor que estos...
    Son buenos audífonos, solo hay que mejorar el micrófono
    C'était un cadeau pour ma fille et malheureusement nous avons dû le
retourner car les écouteurs fonctionnaient bien, mais le micro ne fonctionnait
pas.
    Excelente producto fue un regalo para mi esposo y le encantó!! Apesar de ser
wireless la batería dura mucho y en cuestión de sonido y comodidad es bastante
bueno. Lo recomiendo!
    Son muy buenos, son cómodos y ligeros, el volumen es muy bueno los utilizo
con el psp4 y la computadora lo único con lo que no puedo es con el móvil pero
aún así prometen lo que anuncian
    La verdad valen la pena, no te arriesgues con otros. Llegan super rápido.
    Muy buen producto
    Son muy cómodos, incluso para las personas que usan lentes como yo, su
duración de batería si es algo larga, y su calidad es buenisima
    La verdad si estan muy cómodos  lo único malo es que trae un cable de carga
muy pequeño
    I'm not sure what's with some of these negative reviews, if you could read
you would see they are marketed as light weight. Why would you expect a heavy
weighted down design when it literally says lightweight? Second, I see someone
said they didn't realize they were wireless and thought they could connect via
bluetooth. If you took two seconds to read the instructions you would see they
are only wireless.Moving on to the actual review: this is a fantastic quality
headset for the price. I really didn't expect these to sound as awesome as they
do, I already have an expensive high quality set of wired headphones (no mic)
and a killer sound system, so I bought these purely for the wireless ability to
talk with friends while gaming and I am using them for much more than that
now!They sound great in game, and when listening to music/browsing the internet.
They are great looking, very easy to use and charge quickly (can also be used
while charging if you have a longer cord than is included). Battery life is long
too. I've used them just about everyday for several hours and have only charged
them two times since I received them 2 weeks ago.In no way do they feel flimsy
or cheap, the construction is clearly quality with a lightweight design in mind
I don't feel like they're going to break in any way as a few other reviews have
mentioned.In conclusion I highly recommend this headset, you will be blown away
with the quality for the price of just $80!!
    I really don’t get the negative reviews.  I’ve had my headphones for exactly
2 months today.  When I first purchased, there were only 3 or 4 reviews. I
decided to give them a try because they checked all my boxes. Wireless✅
Lightweight✅ Stylish✅ Good price✅  I have used them everyday for the 2 months I
have owned them with no problems.The charge lasts a really long time and
sometimes I have some very long gaming sessions.  They are very comfortable on
my head. I’ve had several other gaming headphones and they were always too heavy
on my head.  These are truly lightweight, but not cheap feeling.  They are quite
sturdy and durable.The sound quality is as good or better than some more
expensive ones I’ve had.  I also love that I just have to flip the mic up to
mute it, no fumbling for a button. My friends have inquired about them because I
sound crisp as they say. Overall, I am completely satisfied with my purchase.
These are well worth the money.
    I picked this headset up as like an upgrade from my old Logitech G430. I
just hate having wires on my headset because I do not use it often. I only use a
headset for voice chats and occasional gaming sessions on my Windows gaming PC.
I also created a white color scheme for my gaming PC and the G430 no longer
matched anything. Anyway, here are some of my thoughts.Pros:-Very lightweight! I
can actually feel the difference coming from the G430.-Style. I personally think
the white color scheme looks gorgeous!-Sound quality. Although this doesn't
sound like 5.1 surround sound, the stereo sound is very immersive and still
helps me judge where opponents are in games. Sound is, in my opinion, crisp,
clear, and just enough of everything.-Mic quality. The mic quality is pretty
good, in my ears and my mates' ears, especially considering this is
wireless.-Range. This headset has quite good range. I could go perhaps 20-30
feet away from my PC and still have clear sound.-Battery life. The battery life
on this headset lasts me quite a while. I don't know exactly how much time, but
I know it takes perhaps two weeks of mild gaming sessions and voice chats (all
around the 1-2 hour ranges) without needing the cable. The headset can even
operate wired if the battery is about to die, almost seamlessly!-No need for
third-party software. This headset is pretty much plug and play, both wired and
wireless with the dongle.-Windows and macOS compatibility. I've used this
headset on Windows 10 and macOS and they work flawlessly.-Built-in controls. The
built-in controls on the left side of the headset work well and didn't take me
much time to get used to.Cons:-USB Cable. This headset comes with a USB C to USB
A cable, but the provided one is extremely short, probably 1.5 feet. If you have
your own cable, you can use that. For me, I use a little USB extension cable and
it works good.-Mic mute. The flip-to-mute with the mic doesn't seem to work very
well. It's not too big of a deal, as I could mute using software but I'd have
really appreciated having a feature like that.Overall, this headset was a very
worthy upgrade over my G430 and I hope my review helped you out!
    For the price, I don't think these can be beat in name-brand wireless
headphones. The sound quality is great and the mic sounds pretty nice. I love
the feature where flipping the mic up mutes it! In an older wired pair I had a
separate mute button and I'm happy not to have to worry about one now. The
volume knob controls system volume which is also a great feature. The USB-C
charging matches what I use for my phone so I don't need to keep track of yet
another cable. They feel durable enough for my needs, but they might be a little
flimsy or cheap-feeling for some. The range on the wireless connection is
outstanding! I can walk all the way to the other side of my house and they work
flawlessly.
    I love how fast this thing connects to my Ps4 and to my laptop. The sound
quality is great especially in shooter games. The mic quality is great as well
based on what my friends online says. However there's 1 thing bothering me. The
headset is not as sturdy as I thought it'll be. For its price, it's sadly made
out of what it feels like cheap plastic and might break on your first drop. The
extender feels way too fragile that i have to slowly put it on me just incase it
might break somehow.Anyways I'd reccomend this headset if you're going for a
cheap wireless headset. I think I'll keep my old headset just incase this one
breaks on me
    As a lifelong gamer being able to talk to my guild is very important to me.
Discord is awesome but trying to connect via an Iphone and headphones really
sucks!  With this headset there is no ambient noise in the background, I can
wear it for long hours comfortably and most importantly people can hear me!  I
can adjust the settings on my pc where only Discord or Skype come thru the
headset and the game goes to my speakers, that allows me to adjust the volume of
the game as the situation demands it while still having the same volume for my
friends and team.  The battery life leaves a bit to be desired, but I don't use
them every day, so I charge about twice a week.I do wish the charging cable was
longer, I had to steal the one from my wireless charging pad so I could put it
into my hub and be able to rest the headphones on top of my tower.  Otherwise,
it's a great product and I'm happy with it.
    Felt cheap. They were light weight and comfortable. Sound was not great for
the price. I could buy knock off 30$ ones and have as good if not better sound.
If you playing a game where you need to hear what side someone is on these are
not the ones to get. It would be fine at a distance but as they got closer you
could not tell what side they were on. Resulting in me getting chewed up by a
dog or my eyes ripped out by a Raven.
    Wow. Great headset for a great price.Completely wireless. No cord to deal
with. Charges with Type C +++Great sound. Deep bass, wide soundstage. It's only
stereo, but I also don't get people's obsession with fake stereo surround. It
just doesn't sound right to me. Good stereo all the way.Microphone sounds fine.
Not crazy good, but clear.Build quality is great and I love the white finish.5/5
would buy again.
    As a gaming headset this is pretty decent. Sound is average quality and is
similar to other headsets at the same price point. The downside is that they
don't fit that well around my ears and I have to squish them inside for the
sound canceling function to work properly. So if you have gauges or droopy ear
lobes maybe look elsewhere.
    Mic makes my voice break in and out / pop when I'm talking. I've had these
for 4 months now and I liked them a lot. Audio cracked and popped in my ear
occasionally but I was able to overlook that due to how impressed I was with
battery life and distance that the bluetooth could go. However, the volume wheel
stopped working, audio output is not impressive and the crackling audio input is
annoying. Disappointed since these were $80 and I seemingly had better quality
with my previous $20 SADES headphones.
    Not worth the price, feel very cheap and sound quality is worse than most
regular headphones. I have had great hyper x products in the past. This isn’t
one of them.
    Bought these for my son (on his request), but ended up returning them
because there was so much static.
    They have never worked correctly since day one. They turn off all the time,
the mic stops working frequently and they dont seem to hold a charge for more
than a few hours. Extremely disappointed in this purchase, although they do
sound great when they work which is 50/50.
    I've tried a lot of different headsets over the years, and this is by far
the best one I've used. The sound quality is very good, and I haven't had any
complaints on how the mic sounds. The headset it also very comfortable and easy
to adjust. Battery life is extensive, and charges pretty quickly. I would
definitely recommend.
    this is the first wireless gaming mic i purchased and wow it was worth every
penny. it is very light and amazing in-game audio and music too! the color
matches my gaming set up which is perfect. only cons i found was you have to
hold down the button to turn it on, not just a simple tap. really recommended
this
    Look ok. Don't feel too comfortable but I had to return them because I kept
getting and electric pop in my ear. Not a fun thing to have happen every 15
minutes and kind of hurt.  Returned them and didn't want another pair. If it
happens with one it probably happens to others pairs. Forced to try another
brand.
    I use these while playing my PS4 and for the price, I would say the quality
meets expectations. So far I've had no problems. Battery life lasts because I
play for hours and don't charge for 3-4 days. The 360 sound is unreal and mic is
good too. Comfort is 4/5 just because my ears get tired by the end, i guess from
the weight of the ear muffs. Other than that no problem and very easy to use!!
    Great headphones, a little on the flimsy side but that's due to the
lightweight material, comfort is good but could be great. Maybe add more cushion
to the actuall speaker. Works great with PC and PS, easy connect and play.
    DO NOT BUY THIS HEADSET. you can probably find better performing headphones
for half the price.incredible waste of money
    Used them as gaming headphones. Pretty good just sometimes it gets your ears
too warm and sweaty.
    I honestly LOVE these headphones. They are super lightweight and comfy. I
also love the fact that you can mute yourself when you lift up the mic. It’s
soooo much easier than flipping a switch on a cord. They also have pretty good
range when I walk into a different room. Overall good headphones
    Absolutely love the headset, wish it came with a stand but still A++
    I work from home 8-9 hours a day and this headphones are a life saver, ultra
light weight, noise cancel is on point, charge last the whole day and the sound
quality is great, i also tested them watching movies and playing and they work
great, really good for the price
    Awesome sound and quality
    It works very good the batteries OK
    Liked the look and feel of the headset. Seamless install on Windows 10.  The
range is amazing.  Hope the price a bit lower so that I can buy everyone one in
the family.
    The sound was really good when you turn the volume all the way up you can
feel the vibration overall i really enjoy this headset and has not died on me
since i got it like 1 week ago.
    Muy buena calidad
    So nice to be able to use the bathroom and talk to your friends at the same
time. Totally worth it.
    Gifted a friend for Christmas & they love them
    It works great and comfortable
    100%
    My husband has one of the new Razer Blade Pros for gaming. The first thing
he said when he took out this headset was that it felt cheap, compared to other
headsets he's used/tried.He took them anyway an brought them back to his
computer to try them out. I checked on him a few hours later to find him
frustrated - he hadn't been able to get the headset to work at all. First thing
I asked was if he had charged them - yes, he had. Second question was if the set
worked on a different computer. He hadn't tried that. I took it over to mine,
and the set worked just fine with my Discord. He plugged it back into his...and
it immediately started working on his.According to him;Pros:- Over ear design
provides a good seal to hear his game and discord voice channel- Sensitive
microphone, so he doesn't have to yell- Range is decent, and he can hear a ready
check if he's in another room in the house- PS5 readyCons:- My husband didn't
understand that these aren't bluetooth, and the included dongle is required-
Microphone can be too sensitive at times and the mute up feature feels flimsy-
Weird issues during set up- Controls are accessible with his dominant hand, but
he would rather use his dominant hand for game play (made for right handed
gamers)From my own perspective as a gamer, these are very much made for right
handed players. You can hold your controller in the right hand and access
controls with your left hand, including the flip to mute (mute up). This works
for me, since I am right handed. This doesn't really work for someone like my
husband who is left handed. There's no way to flip this, like some other models
have started doing (where the microphone can be plugged in to the left or right
ear piece and the controls can be flipped). These fit my head quite comfortably
and the padded foam on top is thick, and prevents the headset from sliding
around with use.Editing August 25th 2020 about battery life: my husband gets
about 12 hours on one charge. It's okay for him because he doesn't usually do
more than 12 hour gaming sessions, and usually on the weekend, but just be aware
that similar game activity may require a nightly charge.
    This HyperX Cloud Stinger Core Wireless Gaming Headset has better sound than
I was expecting and was very easy to set up on my computer. It’s pretty
enjoyable listening to music while I putter around or work on my computer,
although I can’t stray to far from the transmitter/dongle. I can work a bit in
the next room, about 15-20 feet from the source, but the sound tends to start
cutting out. And if I step out into my entry, about 10 feet further, it cuts out
altogether. I can also go outside the edges of my patio or down one edge of my
house that has a clean line-of-sight with doorways lined up. But with walls and
such, the distance is limited. I can get around that by using a laptop and not
running it off my desktop. Unfortunately, I did not realize these were
“wireless” as in not Bluetooth, so I can only pair with what I have the dongle
plugged into. I feel the listing did not make that clear at all.I got this
headset to use while working on my computer. Since the pandemic started, we have
multiple people working from home, and I share a living room with one of them.
Since I’d rather not listen to their meetings and I’d like to work on my stuff
while they’re watching TV in the evening, I wanted to give these headphones a
try.The noise cancelling does make it hard to understand what is being said in
the room or playing on television, although you can still hear the talking, just
muffled somewhat. That’s enough to make it ignorable for me.I find the headset a
bit warm and after wearing it for a while, the pads start to get sweaty. I’ve
never had this problem with a headset before and I’m not sure what’s causing it.
Other than that, the headset is one of the most comfortable that I’ve ever used.
It stays on well without putting significant pressure on my head. That’s a
biggie for me, because I find pressure super annoying. I’m an average-sized
woman with an average-sized head.Overall, this is my favorite headset so far
partly because of the fit, partly because it is cordless (although I really
wanted Bluetooth, but that’s on me), and partly because the sound lets me listen
to music without major distortion. Very pleased with the fit and function of
this headset.As the parent of kiddos with autism, there are causes near and dear
to my heart. Let Amazon donate to your favorite charity! Use Amazon Smile
(smile.amazon.com) when you order and Amazon will donate to the charity of your
choice when you make a qualifying purchase. Check out how Amazon Smile works at
https://smile.amazon.com/gp/chpf/about/ref=smi_se_rspo_laas_aas. My shopping is
donating to my favorite charity, Canines for Independence at no cost to me.
Awesome!
    I really do like the overall design of the white version of the Cloud
Stinger headset. I specially like that the logo on the cups is gray and subtle.
The black fabric cushions on the cups and the headband as well as the black mic
extension create a nice contrast. There is also a small blue ring between the
cups and the pads, but it does not detract much from the look. I also appreciate
that these headphones are more like a medium size and not overbearing.Speaking
of size, boy these are light on the head and rather comfortable. They are not
the lightest I have ever tried, but are light enough to wear for a long time.
The fabric ear pads cover my entire ears and rest with little clamping force on
my head. This is nice since I wear eye glasses. The fabric headband also helps.
It took well over 3 hours of continuous use to start noticing the weight. After
a short break (which should be necessary anyway), I continued using them with no
issues. Maybe because these are new, but I did notice that they squeak
annoyingly quite a bit when moving my head, readjusting my glasses, and even
while chewing. Hopefully this will lessen as they get more use and settle.As far
as connectivity, I was able to connect them to my PC and PS4 with no issues
whatsoever. Simply plug the wireless dongle and that’s that. I am happy to say
that I did not experience any disconnections, interruptions or sound degradation
-even across rooms. The sound rocker worked well and I was pleased to see that
it controlled the PC’s volume. One little nick pick is that turning the headset
on takes more than 5 seconds of continuously pressing the power button and I
wish that was instantaneous instead. Speaking of power, the battery lasted for
about 3 days of use before the red light came on and that is quite
impressive.The most important aspect, at least for me, is the sound. I was
rather satisfied to see that the sound is clear, has good separation and
soundstage, which is absolutely necessary for gaming. Although the bass packs a
good punch, I wish it would be a bit deeper and extend a bit more, especially
when watching movies. The mids are right where they are supposed to be -loud and
clear. The highs have good range and are not piercing at all. Since these
headphones are open due to the fabric ear pads, the sound appears to be more
natural. This open design means that they are not very good at noise
suppression, which may or may not be useful depending on the situation. Also,
there is a good amount of sound leakage to consider. In the end, I think the
sound is quite enjoyable.The adjustable mic worked OK on both the PC and PS4.
People were able to hear me well, even when I had the AC running at full blast,
which means the noice cancellation works. It was not the clearest or loudest I
have ever used, but did the job. I liked that the mic can be muted by simply
positioning the arm up and activate it when bringing it down.In the end, I am
pleased with the Cloud Stinger. I think it brings a lot to the table as far as
performance, comfort, and value. I will certainly recommend checking them out.
    There's a lot to like about this very affordable gaming headset, but
paramount among them is how comfortable this headset is to wear for any period
of time but particularly during extended gaming sessions.Much of the comfort is
derived from how lightweight this headset is, words can't really describe just
how light these are until you hold them for yourself and feel it. For years I've
been trying out all different kinds of gaming headsets from Razer, Steelseries,
Logitech, and everything in between but haven't found a set that I could wear
for longer than an hour without causing me neck pain. Admittedly, this is
because of a neck injury I sustained in a car accident a few years ago, and so
my views are perhaps biased in that sense.But in addition to the lightweight and
comfort of this headset one thing that really surprised me was how good the
sound quality is, I would say it compares with the Logitech G733 at about half
the price. One area that isn't up to par and I would say in my opinion is
probably an area they cut corners to save on overall cost to meet the budget
price point. This area is the microphone. It is just not very good at
all.Overall I'd say this is one of the 3 best budget gaming headsets that
someone can buy new in 2020 but it could have been one of the best overall
gaming headsets if the microphone was just marginally better.
    Hooking up to the PS4 was really simple. Just plug in the USB adapter and
turn the system and headset on. The PS4 instantly detected the headset and it
worked without needing to tweak any settings.On the PC it’s a similar process.
Plug in the USB adapter then sit back and let Windows find drivers for it. The
problem is that the HyperX NGENUITY software doesn’t detect the headset.
Apparently, HyperX decided not to support advanced functions for the Stinger
Core and didn’t add it as a recognizable device (as of this review: Sept 2020).
This means you are stuck with the very basic Windows functions as a generic
headset. No 7.1 surround, sidetone toggle, game-chat balance, or battery status.
There’s no mic sensitivity either, but that’s expected since NGENUITY doesn’t
support that anyway. I was mostly disappointed that I couldn’t get the game-chat
balance. This feature lets you turn the game volume down to better hear chat.
Might not seem like a big deal, but some games—even at low volume—are too loud
to hear chat clearly. So, the added feature is helpful for games like UT3 (yes,
I still play that even though it’s older).What I like best about this Stinger
Core headset is the comfort level. Being lightweight is a plus. I weighed it at
242.6 grams, which is 77.2 grams lighter than my HyperX Cloud FlightS. The
earcups are lined with a heavily padded, soft material (foam-like rather than
leather), which feels great against the sides of my head. I was able to wear
computer glasses without any discomfort (no pressure against the temples of the
glasses). I wore the headset for four hours and didn’t have any soreness (like I
sometimes do from my FlightS). The only negative about the liner used on the
earcups is that it doesn’t block outside noises as well as leather. On the
positive side, it breathes better and doesn’t trap heat against the ears (so no
sweat buildup). Even though they are lightweight and heavily padded at the
earcups and headband, they hold tightly to my head. I can look up and down and
even shake my head from side to side without them falling off or moving out of
position.I like that the headset charges with the more modern USB-C (unlike the
FlightS), but keep in mind the cables you use for your PS4 controllers are
Micro-USB. So, your older PS4 cables won’t be compatible. Thankfully there’s an
included USB-C cable, which I measured at 22-inches long (1’ 10”). Could be
longer, but gets the job done.The mic is OK. My gaming friends said they could
hear me, but the voice quality isn’t the best. Could have something to do with
it being wireless. They tell me it’s a problem on the FlightS as well, so it may
just be a HyperX thing. While the mic isn’t removable and doesn’t collapse to
hide inside the headset, it can rotate upward to get out of the way. I like that
doing so mutes the mic since there isn’t a mute button elsewhere.The sound
quality is OK. I’d call the bass and treble middling. Meaning, not the richest
bass or crispest treble, but a decent middling level. It’s a gaming headset, not
music, so the sound quality is more appropriate for that. The only thing I’d
note is that you can’t turn down the bass to better hear footsteps and minimize
explosions in FPS. To compare, the sound quality is about the same as it is on
the more expensive FlightS (although that has the ability to go 7.1 surround
which pretty much eliminates bass for FPS). If sound quality is important to
you, look toward SteelSeries. I find their headsets often sound the best, while
Razer is more similar to HyperX. At least, when it comes to music and movies.
Gaming is often more about function than impressive tones.### Conclusion ###I
love how comfortable this headset is. One of the most comfortable ones I’ve ever
owned. That said, I’ll primarily use it on the PS4 and hope it works on the PS5
when it comes out. For PC, I’ll keep with the FlightS for its more advanced
features.
    HyperX Cloud Stinger Core – Wireless Gaming Headset, for PS4, PC,
Lightweight, Durable Steel Sliders, Noise-Cancelling MicrophoneI've tried a lot
of headsets and this one is good. The HyperX Cloud Stinger Core Wireless Gaming
Headsetweighs just 275 grams, and has soft earcup cushions. The plastic housing
feels a little cheap but very comfortable. It uses a 2.4GHz wireless connection
via USB dongle and has 40mm drivers. The sound has clear mids and highs with
impactful bass, just not at really high volume. When the volume is too high
things tend to get mashed together. The battery lasted all the way through long
gaming sessions. I really like the swivel to mute mic. This is a natural way to
mute and more companies should adopt this feature.  I'm loving the all white
scheme too.
    This is a review for the HyperX Cloud Stinger Core Wireless for PS4/PS5 and
PC, model number HHSS1C-KB-WT/G. This particular model features wireless
connectivity and stereo sound and although it’s also stated as working with PC,
as of Sept. 2020, it isn’t detected or configurable via the HyperX NGenuity
software on PC. The other members of the Cloud Stinger family include wired and
wireless models, support for virtual 7.1 audio, and specific console/PC
support.This headset was announced in the middle of August 2020 and the main
selling point of the Cloud Stinger family is that these are very lightweight and
comfortable gaming headsets. Indeed, the Cloud Stinger Core is a featherweight
243 grams according to my kitchen scale (just over 0.5 pounds) which is very
impressive for wireless over-ear circumaural headphones. They feature a closed-
back design that’s effective at blocking out some ambient noise with minimal
sound leakage, so they should work pretty well even in noisy environments.HyperX
is apparently capable of making neutral, great sounding headphones such as the 
HyperX Cloud II     but the Cloud Stinger Core Wireless isn’t in the same league
despite the $79.99 MSRP. There’s a significant bass boost and what sounds like
heavy dynamic range compression. Dynamic range compression essentially makes
quiet sounds louder while making loud sounds quieter and it can be helpful in
games since quiet cues like walking around/doors opening can be very
informative. Unfortunately, dynamic range compression is also pretty terrible
for music since it makes everything sound flat, and with no ability to turn it
off, this headset is strictly a gaming affair. Compared to my now discontinued
Turtle Beach Z300 headset that also featured dynamic range compression and
wireless connectivity, the Turtle Beach is more well-rounded because it lets you
toggle the feature on and off, in addition to offering a few different sound
enhancement modes including a neutral profile. These options are sorely missing
on the HyperX Cloud Stinger Core Wireless.It should be noted that while this
headset is wireless, it isn’t Bluetooth compatible. Instead, it uses a
proprietary wireless protocol that operates on the 2.4GHz band and you need to
use it in conjunction with the included USB dongle. There are no other
connectivity options such as 3.5mm input, etc. The USB dongle is pretty slim so
that it won’t block neighboring USB ports, but it’s fairly long, protruding
about 2 inches after plugging it in.Build-wise, I’m not very impressed with the
white plastic material used for the bulk of this headset’s construction. The
material seems almost porous in how easily it picked up stains and dirt. Within
a couple days of ownership, I already noticed that there were smudges on the
material that didn’t come off even after I wiped it with a damp paper towel. The
earpads and headband cushion are comfortable but there’s nothing really notable
about them. The steel sliders do operate smoothly and I suppose they’re a sign
of durability, but I feel like they’re pretty standard fare.I didn’t have any
issues setting up and connecting this headset with my PC, and surprisingly, it
also worked with my Samsung Galaxy S10+ and S5e tablet when used with a USB-C to
USB-A adapter. I can confirm that this headset won’t work with an Xbox One X;
the dongle will connect to the headset but you can’t get the system to output
sound to them. Both Android and Windows 10 automatically set up the HyperX Cloud
Stinger Core Wireless to become the default speaker-out and audio input device,
and the volume wheel built into the headset directly controls the system’s
volume instead of just adjusting the headset’s volume.The integrated volume
wheel is stepped and provides a bit of tactile feedback when turned, but I feel
that it needs to be stiffer and it’s disappointing that the steps don’t actually
correspond to a linear change in volume level. (In Windows, one tick might
increase the volume level by 4% but the next tick will increase it by 6%, etc.)
The swivel-to-mute microphone is pretty convenient with a tactile tick marking
the threshold between mute and unmute, and I appreciate that switching between
mute and unmute doesn’t make any unpleasant noises. The claimed 17 hour battery
life at 50% volume was really more like 12 hours during my testing but that’s
more than enough for my needs.Overall, I’m impressed by how lightweight and
comfortable the HyperX Cloud Stinger Core Wireless headset is, but I don’t like
the sound and that is ultimately a deal-breaker. Also, after extended wear, my
ears felt pretty warm and fatigued which isn’t the case with the Massdrop x
Sennheiser PC37X headphones, which are my go-to headphone when I’m at my
computer. They work well for a variety of tasks, which is really what I'm
looking for.Notes:1) It comes with a USB-A to USB-C charging cable that's about
50cm long. The cable is USB 2.0 capable.2) The cutout around the USB-C
receptacle on the headset itself could be a bit bigger. It worked with most of
my USB-C cables but the USB-C plug on the charging cable that came with my
Samsung tablet and phone are a bit square and they didn't fit.3) I made a
determination that these headphones have dynamic range compression after
listening to "Time" from the Inception soundtrack. The first few notes are very
quiet as it gradually builds up intensity over the course of the song with the
climax being nearly uncomfortably loud. With this headset, the first few notes
were already very clearly audible and the peak of the song wasn't very
pronounced.
HyperX Cloud II
    I am considering multiple facts here that are price, build quality,
material, responsiveness, connectivity and range, overall performance thru
gaming, listening music and watching movies as well as voice chat, battery life
and driver quality.Pros:-Lightweight.-40mm drivers in this headset almost have
the sound quality of 50mm drivers (better than average 40mms)-Very affordable
price for what it provides.-Quality sleek looking design.-Quality material built
with.-No latency or lag thru wireless connection.-Nice base but not deep enough,
which is expected.-Doesn't heat up much, runs cool. Dongle and Headset
both.-Acceptable range, just don't walk 2 rooms away, may change depending on
the structure.-Absolutely top performer on the voice chat, meetings or
conference calls due to extreme clarity on microphone.-Battery life did average
for 14-15hrs where I listened high volume music and played games from a
distance.The batteries will get better, it needs to be charged and discharged
multiple times before battery can provide the full capacity. Your battery life
also depends on how much wi-fi connection distraction you have around, how far
distance you are away from the USB dongle, and how high of a volume you are
using it. With considering all those facts, for this price this is an excellent
battery life longevity when using in high performance settings. Average user
will get 17hrs easy I am sure.Cons:-Not much of a flex to it, overstretching it
may cause cracks or may break on the headband and the attaching portion to the
ear-cups.-It feels little bit of flimsy, because it is too light, they did shave
off some sturdiness from the overall built of the band and attaching parts.
Steel sliders will save you from breaking tho, I am considering extreme
situations or accidents here, or little ones gets hands on them.-Connection is
only achievable within the provided USB dongle, you cannot connect directly to
your device's Bluetooth or Wireless. So that's expected but why not give the
freedom of direct connection?-7.1 or 5.1 listening is not the best, can be
definitely improved but that possibly will cause its price to go higher.Overall,
for the price and what it provides it is an average good B+ to A- headset. Voice
clarity was exceptional, gaming performance was joyful and satisfactory as also
thinking not spending arm and leg on this. Nice looking design, smooth surface,
white color and sexy finish will make you wanna buy this.Battery life as its
promised after a couple of full time runs, sound quality is above average but
below the best. Still, price does make a difference in my opinion. If you are
stepping down from $300 Astro A50, this will not satisfy you but the amount you
spent will make you say Okay, this is worth it.If you are stepping up from basic
headphones or speakers, here you go, buy with 0 hesitation, don't jump on a high
dollar train coz you are playing games, not saving the world!
    My daughter and I put this through the ropes with are separate PS4s and can
summarize the following:1.  Game sound quality is decent.  It's not earth-
shattering, but it works well enough to hear what's going on.2.  Chat quality -
incoming chat audio sounds good and mixes well with game audio.  HOWEVER, the
outgoing chat leaves a lot to be desired.  There's a hum-hiss that preceded my
daughter saying something which was weird as it was 0.5-1 second before anything
that she said as if her chat audio lagged before it commenced.  The hum-hiss
would continue for about 1 second after she concluded making a statement.  She
was comprehensible, but that hum-hiss drove me NUTS with how distracting it was.
It's not that we were unable to communicate or that she wasn't clear, but it was
noticeable and something that everyone noticed and commented on.  We tried
opening several party sessions in case it was just a bad party session and even
restarted the PS4.  We also tried her old wireless headset and that sounded just
fine.3.  Comfort.  It's actually pretty comfortable.  While I prefer the "ski
goggle" type of headset that "floats" on your head, this is pretty comfortable
for the more conventional headset frames.Overall, it's not a bad headset.  The
hum-hiss was annoying, but it's not a deal-breaker either and perhaps we just
had bad luck with our particular headset - however, you should be aware of it
just so you can see if you experience the same issues.  If it's not an issue or
not present, the price is about right for what you're getting.
    I originally got these to make calls for work since we are working from home
now due to COVID-19. I was attracted to the headset because it was wireless and
noise canceling. So far both of those features are accurate. My customers on the
other end seem to hear me just fine and I can hear them just fine on my end.They
are very very simple to use. If you are looking to buy these for someone who is
not amazing with tech gear than these are for you. It is a simple plug and play
setup, so all you have to do is simply plug in a usb into the ps4 or your
desktop.Battery- It has a rechargeable battery that last up to 17hrs on one
charge. So you can get plenty of gaming or calling from this headset before you
have to recharge it.Mic- If you want to access the mute future you simply have
to rotate the mic in the vertical position and it will mute it for you. That's a
nice feature for those that are looking for privacy.Noise Canceling- The noise
canceling feature has worked great, it also does not pick up a lot of background
noise so if you are gaming with your buddies you will be able to communicate
well and hear everything they are saying with clarity. The foam fits around your
ears. They are lightweight as well.Volume adjuster- One of my favorite features
was that it has a volume button on the side of the headset, You can adjust the
volume quickly without missing a second in your game. It does notify you if you
maxed out on volume as well. Solid feature.
    This headset would earn an easy 5 stars with just one simple
alteration.Connecting the headset couldn’t be simpler. It takes a matter of
seconds, and once it’s connected the link is extremely stable. The sound is
crisp and without noticeable lag. Those hearing my voice tell me it comes
through clear as a bell, and while I’m quite hard of hearing I can hear other
players clearly as well (sometimes this counts as a negative, of course).
Battery life seems more than adequate. You’d have to have a serious obsession
with video games to find that your enthusiasm lasted longer than the battery.So
far so good, but now for the single negative point that stole that fifth star.
The ear cushions are just too darned warm. I use over ear headphones several
hours a day, all of them using ear cushions made from soft, cool PU leather (or
whatever it is), and I can wear them for hours without discomfort. The soft
fabric cushions of the HyperX are comfortable, sure, but they just retain too
much heat. I found that after half an hour of play I had to start letting one
ear at a time breathe, which is less than ideal when you’re trying to follow the
action.If the HyperX headset came with a couple of replaceable cushions in a
cooler material this would be an easy 5 star. It’s a great headset, but it’s not
quite perfect.
    This headset is great! It has simple functionality with only a volume knob,
on/off button, and port for USB charging. It is quite comfortable with the
normal cushions on the ear pieces and an additional padding on the top part for
your head. The microphone works perfectly. The speakers are also great - they
insulate the sound so that it doesn't bleed; meaning that people around you
can't hear anything.I tested it out on a Mac, PC, and PS4. For the Mac, I needed
to go into my System Preferences/ Sound and change my output and input to the
headset. Once I did that, they worked with no issue. I tested it with a video
chat and the quality was great - both the audio and my microphone. With the PC,
I didn't need to do anything to set it up; the PC automatically sensed the
headset and started working right away. On the PS4, it also paired fairly
quickly. I only need to change the settings to toggle between Chats Only and all
sound.The headset connects to your devices with a USB hub; so it is wireless,
but not bluetooth enabled. So, it is great for computers or gaming, but you
can't use with your iPad or phone. It would have been nice to also have a blue
tooth feature so that you could use the same headset across all technology
platforms.Bottom line - awesome headset, great quality!
    This pair of headphones are decent for the price which is what makes this a
bit nicer. Compared to many other wireless headphone, this is a bit more
affordable. The headphones are fairly decent size and they are actually pretty
much as lighter than many other wireless headphones. This one does not come with
a battery light indicator but it does ring when the battery is getting low and
can be used when it is plugged in. It utilizes a foam for the ear cushions. With
this material, you can expect the material as some irritation to your skin if
you sweat. For best cleaning, I would just wipe it down with a damp towel or an
alcohol wipe. The sound can be adjusted via a volume button on side of the
headphones. The headphone fits nicely and comfort. It does take a few uses to
break in the mesh material and be comfortable putting these headphones on. Like
a pair of shoes, you have got to break the headphones in for they are easier to
fit on your head. The head piece can also be adjusted on the ends. One thing to
note about this is that it does get warm to wear this during hot days. It does
not pinch too much on my ears so it will not crush my ear into my glasses which
is nice. It uses the USB cable charging purposes. This does work for consoles
mainly for the PlayStation 4 one but I have had some success using it with my
xbox one as well. I have not seen it work with the switch unfortunately. The
sound quality is really good as well I am able to use this headphones with my VR
headset and the sound is amazing. It feels like I am sitting in the room as it
has surround sound. All controls for these headphones on the left side. You can
mute/unmute as well as switch the power on on the left side which is great for
me being left handed. The microphone definitely picks up my voice very easily
and clearly. It blocks out a good amount of surrounding noise for something
without a wind guard. The device is also very easy to adjust in my opinion to
make it definitely feel very comfortable. The white and black color is great but
it does get bleached easily overtime with the light which is the down side of
white color material. I would say if you can just to wipe it down with those
lint catchers to get rid of hair and just wipes with an alcohol after use. It is
very easily fitting to any head with the adjustment. The microphone is also
adjustable and you do not really have much in terms of adjustment of the
microphone position. The microphone can be pushed up but it does not mute the
microphone as you need on the mute left side. The dongle is not small it is
about the size of altoid tin box. There is no wind guard on the microphone so
you can get ambient noise. Overall hyper x does a great job with okay quality
but something that is affordable. It is definitely a product I would say is good
for gaming as it gives you surround sound and a clear voice during games.
    HyperX Cloud Stinger Core is comfort and quality. It is very easy to set up.
Comparing the price, the souds quality is very good.It is not Bluetooth
connection. Can’t be used with smartphones.Pros:It is light weight, very
comfortable to use, especially I wear glasses and I have to work from home and
having online meetings all day.For the battery,  I use it over 10 hours with no
charge,which is very impressive. My corsair wireless headset only least about 7
hours.For the wireless range, I found no interruption in 20 feet away with two
drywall between. Pretty standard.For the microphone, it is non removable but has
nice resistance upon rotation and is also muted when in the upright position ,
which is definitely a very good design.The headset  is made from plastic on the
outside but the band holding each earpiece is made from metal which is what you
want! That mean it have longer life.Cons:Due to Noise-Cancelling, the microphone
it's pretty quiet. But my vocale clarity isn't really benefited.The plastic and
logo mark looks little bit cheaper.The charge cable is too short. Can’t charge
while using.
    HyperX Cloud Stinger CoreWireless does not always mean Bluetooth and,
although it is the de-facto wireless audio standard, not every device supports
it. As long as you've got an available USB port on your PC, just plug the dongle
in and it is ready to go. I've used these for over a week for both music and
online meetings and it's been nice not being tethered to my desk. There isn't a
mute button, but you just have to swing the boom mic up to activate the mute (it
really is muted and not just away from your mouth). I haven't had any problems
with battery life, and it charges with a regular USB-C cable. The sound quality
isn't as good as my wired studio headset but that isn't surprising since that
isn't what it was designed for. It is so lightweight that I was originally
concerned that it might be easy to break; however, since I'd rather it break
early rather than later, I've been handling it the same way I do my other
headsets and it has been just fine; the hinges and sliders aren't loose and mic
boom stays where I put it. Highly recommend.
    The only fault I found with these headphones is that the charging port
doesn't fit perfectly with some of my other USB C cables, since it's kind of in
a small hole.Besides that I love everything about these Hyper X wireless
heaphones. The style is great, seems like they're getting ready for the PS5
launch with these. The battery lasts a pretty long time, I still haven't run out
during a gaming session, and I use them for both playing and for working from
home. Connecting them is pretty simple, just plug the dongle in and it's ready
instantly. The earmuffs are nice and big and fit my ears, and they're
comfortable over long periods of times. Unless you're looking for ultra
luxurious, super expensive headphones, these will do just fine with the needs of
the average or hardcore gamer for sure.
    Photo with soda can for scale.NOT BLUETOOTH, you MUST use the
dongle.Pros:Works with devices that do not have Bluetooth but do have a USB
input.Does last about the claimed 12ish hours on a charge. Trials of 10, 12 and
11 hours.  Just left running and checked each hour.Prettly lightweight.Lift mike
to mute.Audio controls on the ear.Comfy for a couple hours, then found them a
bit too tight.Cons:Smaller range than Bluetooth, less than maybe 15 feet.Setup
was a pain. I never could get it to work with a Chromebook. I got it to work
with a PC but only after multiple times trying to get it to connect. I still do
not know why it finally decided to connect, I just kept trying over and over.
    Overall I really like this headset, especially for the price. The audio
quality is great, works well for gaming and chatting. The microphone works well
for chatting while gaming or whatever. It's very lightweight and comfortable to
wear, and this is probably the cause of the negative. The material this is made
out of, although very lightweight, leads to a cheap feeling product, that feels
like it can break easily if it's not babied. Other than that, it's a good
headset, but don't throw it around when you rage quit a game!
    This wireless gaming headset is really well made and I get a lot of use out
of it. It is strong and durable and made with really good material. It looks
super cool and works very well, the sound quality is very good and the
microphone is very clear. The battery lasts a very long time and it was easy to
set up. The only issue I had is the comfort, after awhile they can become a
touch uncomfy. I am really happy I got them though and I totally recommend the
HyperX Cloud Stinger Core wireless gaming headset.
    Been using this with a PC so I can’t speak on using it with he PS4.On the
box it says that it’s compatible with the PS5 as well so that’s good to
know.Comparable to the Logitech, these come in as a second choice. There’s
nothing that stands out that works better than the Logitech other than the
pricing.It’s just an ok headset.
