    Beoplay E8の初代でBang&Olufsenというメーカーに出会い、H8、H4
2ndやE6など使ってきました。最近では、ワイヤレスイヤホンだとJabra 75tを愛用しています。そんな中、E8
3rdが出てきて値段は高かったんですがいろんなものを売りさばいて購入しました。なので、ここではJabra 75tやE8初代やE6などと比較して以下の5つの観点で
レビューをしたいと思います。【デザイン】まず値段が張るだけあって、これまでのワイヤレスイヤホンの中でもっとも高級感があると思います。ケースについて語るとE8初代
は中はプラスチッキーな感じでしたが、第3世代ではアルミ合金が使われている？ようで高級感が増したなーと率直に思いました。大きさも第2代で少し大きくなりましたが第1
世代の大きさに戻った感じで、とてもコンパクトですね。【音質】まず第1印象では、Jabra 75tに耳が慣れてしまっていたため「えっなにこの上品で繊細で自然な音は
」と思いました。E8初代と比較するとさらに音がクリアになったなという印象を持ちました。元から中高音域は綺麗な方でしたが、よりクリアでナチュラルな音に進化した心象
を持ちました。また、低音も初代にくらべて出るようになって強化された感じを受けます。ボーカルを殺さない程度に良い感じに低音が出ていると思います。E6と比較すると劇
的に変わった印象は持ちませんでしたが同じ方向性で進化したなという感じですかね？一方で、Jabra
75tとの比較ですがあちら様は低音番長ですので迫力と低音の量感はだいぶ劣るなという印象です。なので、気合い入れるためにゴリゴリのEDM聞くときはJabra
75tにご担当いただき、ボーカルの声を楽しみたい・作業に集中したいときなどはE8
3rdに担当いただく形で運用しています。本当に聴き疲れしないオールラウンダーなイヤホンだなと思います。2020/3/21 追記100時間以上聞いたので耳が慣れた
のかエージングされてきたのか、それともアップデートの影響かはわからないのですが、高音が少し尖るところが取れてきてより綺麗になりました。また、低音も足りないなと思
ってたんですがちゃんと出てるなと感じるようになりました。これ一本でもいいかなと思うレベルになってきたなと率直に思いました。（ただ、ボーカルの声を消すほどの低音は
出てないです。）2020/3/21 追記iPhone単独ならいいんですが、Macと切り替えながら使おうと思うとAirPodsのようにはうまくいきません。なので、
MacのときはJabraに頼らざる得ないのが現状です。【充電・連続使用】初代のE8から2倍近く連続使用時間が伸びたので、Jabra 75tと併用しながら使用する
とまず充電切れになることはない感じです。また、Qi対応やタイプCで充電ができるため充電も本当に手軽で便利なのが素晴らしいです。【装着感・遮音性】今回のモデルでも
ノイズキャンセル非対応でしたね。ただ、密着性が高いため遮音性に優れているので、なくてもぜんぜん大丈夫かなという印象です。まぁJabra 75tもないので私にとっ
てはそれほど必須要件ではないです。装着感ですが、Jabraのがつけた感じ軽いなと思いました。密着感は同じくらいです。【外部音取り込み・通話】外部音取り込みは正直
、Jabra 75tの方が優秀かなと思います。通話も同様ですね。一番優れているのがAirPods Proなのであれを10にするとJabraが8〜9、E8が6.5
〜7くらいの心象です。ジーというノイズが入る感じがします。あと、外部音取り込みしながら音楽がながせないっぽい？のでそこもJabraやAirPods Proに劣っ
てるなと思います。だらだら長文書きましたが、値段は高いですが守備範囲は広く素晴らしいイヤホンだと思います。低音重視な人でなければ正解かなと思います。低音重視な方
も音楽によっては使い分けをされている方はサブ機におすすめです。（サブにしてはかなり高価ですけど・・・）ちなみにイヤピースは、Spinfitか付属のコンプライがよ
かったです。
    デザインが気に入ったこと、音質がいいという評判、求めていた機能が揃っていたということで購入しました。しかし、使っているアンドロイド端末と相性が悪かったの
か、繋がらなかったりすぐに接続が切れてしまい、とてもじゃないが使えなかったので、残念ながら数時間使って返品しました。するとAmazonから｢使用感ありのため｣と
の理由で返金されず商品を破棄する旨のメールを受領しました。また、このメールには｢カスタマーサービスにお問い合わせいただいても、返金対応や本件に関する追加のご案内
はいたしかねます｣とも書かれていました。イヤフォンの接続を確認するには使わないと分からないのに、数時間の使用が返金されない理由になってしまうと、どうすれば良かっ
たのか分かりません。本商品のレビューを確認したところ、他にも２日間使ったが接続不良のため返品したが使用感があるため返金されず、アマゾンに問い合わせたところ、しっ
かりと対応頂いたというケースがあり、ダメ元でカスタマーセンターにチャットで問い合わせたところ、ちゃんと返金されました。ワイヤレスイヤフォンの中では決して安い部類
には入らないと思うので、同様な条件下で返金を断られたり、メールの内容を見て連絡を断念したりする人が他にいないことを願うばかりです。
    「良かった点」1.装着時に自動で、電源on・iphoneと接続、する点2.充電ケース含め、見た目が良い点3.イヤホンが小型化した点「悪い点」1.ホワイト
ノイズが大きい点※但し、私の個体特有の現象かもしれません2.音量が取りづらくなった点3.ケースのストラップが無くなった点「結論」悪い点1,2のせいで、イヤホンと
しては初代に比べて劣化したと感じました初代もしくは二代目をお持ちの方は買い換える必要はないと考えます私は売却予定です
    中高音の綺麗という評判と外音取り込みのレベルが高いという評判が気になって購入しました。まず、音質については全体的に解像感が高く、一つ一つの音が綺麗に聞こ
えるという上品な印象です。そこまで音場は広くありませんが、個人的には問題として感じるほどではありません。中高音の綺麗さは前評判通りです。高音のノビが非常によく聞
いていて非常に心地よく感じます。中音域もくっきりしているためボーカルのある楽曲も素直に楽しむことができます。また、低音域ついては思ったほど弱くないという印象です
。強調されてはいないため目立ちはしませんが、存在感はちゃんとありしっかり支えてくれるという感じがします。外音取り込み機能は、レベルが高くほとんど違和感なく周りの
音を拾ってくれます。意識すると薄くホワイトノイズはありますが、外音取り込みをずっと使用するような人でなければ問題ない程度です。他のレビューで外音取り込みを利用し
ながら音楽を聴けないという意見がありますが、専用アプリから外音取り込みの設定を変えれば音楽を聴くことはできます。また、ウレタン製のイヤホンチップ(コンプライ？)
が付属していますが、遮音性が非常に高く満足しています。試してみたかった私としては非常にうれしいです。イヤホン単体で出来ることも多く、操作性も直感的で分かりやすい
のですが、タッチセンサーなので若干誤操作が多いのは不満点です。また、ペアリングからしばらくしてバグか私の誤操作かわかりませんが片方のイヤホンしかペアリングできな
い状況に陥ってしまいました。30秒ほど長押しすることでリセットすることができたようですが、日本で超有名なワイヤレスイヤホンではないため、困ったときの解決法が見つ
かりにくいという点を理解しての購入をお勧めします。
    ワイヤレスのイヤホンは他にJabra Elite 65tを所有しています。・本体についてケースは高級感があります。所有する満足感はあると思います。本体も
安っぽいところはありません。・装着感私の耳だと標準のイヤーピースの場合はElite 65tの方がフィット感はあると思います。よってComplyを使用しています。
ちなみに対応は200らしいですが、400でも普通に使えてます。・操作感タッチセンサーですが、確実に操作が出来るという点では物理スイッチには劣ります。特に音量操作
はやりにくいと感じます。・音質Elite 65tからベールを一枚はいだような感じで音の解像度が高いです。(というかチューニングでそう思わされてる気がします)高音
と中音はとてもクリアで綺麗に聴こえます。低音は量感は少な目ですが締まった...というか上質な感じに聴こえます。音場はあまり広くはありません。気のせいかも知れませ
んが、購入後のソフトウェアアップデートで全般的に音圧があがり、より綺麗に聴こえるようになったように思えます。全般的に聴き疲れが起きにくいと思いますが、電子音系は
あまり得意では無いように感じました。全般的に満足度は高いです。タッチセンサーの操作性でマイナス1としました。
    こちらの商品はノイズキャンセリングがありません。そのためAirPods
Proを持っていた私は購入するか非常に迷いましたが、購入してよかったです。音質について、AirPods Proを家のいいステレオに例えるとこのイヤホンはクラブハ
ウスの音響システムです。このイヤホンを通して音楽を聴いたところ、「ああ、これこそいい音だ」と思い出す感覚です。ノイズキャンセリングについてAirPods pro
のノイズキャンセリングは素晴らしいですが、こちらの物理的な遮音性も素晴らしいです。電車などでの遮音性は期待できないですが自宅で作業する際はキーボードの音、ペンを
走らせる音が消え作業に集中できます。AirPods Pro、Beoplay E8どちらにも利点があるのでおすすめです。
    今までSONYのMDR-EX31BNを使っていましたが、ケーブルが煩わしくなったのと、本機の見た目が良いので、購入を決断しました。最初は標準の状態で使っ
ていて、装着感が悪く取れそうな感じがしていたのと、音がスカスカなので、失敗したかな思っていました。ネットの情報によると、イヤーピースを変えると良いとの事なので、
MDR-EX31BNのを取り付けたところ、問題が解決しました。同様の問題がある場合は、是非、イヤーピースの交換を試してみてください。MDR-EX31BNとの比較
になりますが、音は解像度が良く、今まで聞こえていなかった音がクッキリ聞こえます。ノイズキャンセル機能は有りませんが、外音は気になりません。ただし、騒音の激しい所
では、試していません。Grayの本体にBlackのイヤーピースをつけているので、本体の色に合わせるのも兼ねて、別のイヤーピースを試してみます。
    1stユーザーです。バッテリーの持ちが悪くなってきたので、思い切って3stに踏み切りました。ホワイトノイズが酷いなどのレビューありましたが、自分の聴き分
け能力が低いのか、まったく分かりません。音質に関しては低音は確かに少し厚くなっているように感じますが、そもそもが、買ったデフォルトで使用しないので、どこまでを判
断すればのいのか分かりません。私の使用環境は、アプリで少し低音厚くする方に振って、さらにイヤーチップをコンプライのTsx-200にしています。1stもそうでした
が、凄くクリアでナチュラルな感じ。作られた感は感じませんでした。ただ、それほど大きな違いは無いので、音質は1stからある程度完成されてたのではないでしょうか。1
番大きな違いは接続の良さ。ほぼ切れません。1stではここで必ず切れるという場所があったのですが、全て切れなくなりました。接続はかなり良くなっています。あと、地味
に良いのは、ケースから出せば何もせず接続してくれるw 他のイヤホンなら当たり前かもですが、1stはワンタップしてあげないとだめでした。個人的に悪い所は、アプリ。
最初の頃のアプリは、音質変える所で広がりも変えれたのです。丸の大きさをピンチで拡大縮小できました。今のアプリはコレが変えれないです。私は少し音の広がりが欲しいの
ですが、できなくなっています。それぐらいかなぁ。価格を考えれば、他にも選択肢は沢山あります。コレにこだわる必要はないかもですが、私が1番気に入っているのは、装着
時のおさまり具合です。最近は耳から大きなカタマリが出てる人をよくみかけますし、アップルも相変わらず筒が目立ちますが、コレは耳にフラットに収まり、出っ張りもなにも
なく、とてもスマート。耳って意外と目立つので、あのカタマリを突き刺してでで〜んとハミ出てるのがものすごく格好悪く感じます。そういう意味では、さすがB&O。洗練さ
れつくしてます。
    他のは良いと思いますが買ってから2日後bluethoothに連結することが出来なくなりました他のレビューも見たら同じのを経験した人多いと思いますが何でし
ょうか^^
    Imediately vote 1star.This bull sh!t pump max volume in your ear drum each
time touching L unit to activate transparent mode.Don't call it transparent mode
but sh!t mode.
    E8初代を3年弱使用し、本体・ケースともバッテリーが少し弱くなって来たかな？と思い購入しました。購入にあたり本機も他のメーカーのものなどを試聴したわけじ
ゃないので、初代を使用していた時との比較でレビュー致します。イヤーピースはクリスタルイヤーピースを使用しています。自分の手にしたものでは他の方のレビューの様なノ
イズはあまり気にならないと感じました。(初代と同じくらいの印象です。)音質については、初代に比べ中高音が明らかにハッキリし、初代に比べ明るい感じで聴こえてる感じ
です。低音は最初少し弱く感じましたが、中高音がハッキリしているため目立たなくなっている様な印象で、個人的には満足です。音の分解が初代に比べ良くなっている様な感覚
もあり、買ってよかったと思います。音質は初代にも不満を持っていなかったので総合的に良い買い物をしたと思っていますが、外音取り込みが劇的に改善されていて、本当にイ
ヤホンを付けていない時の様に聞こえたりします。バッテリーの持ちはまだ切れるまで使っていませんが、初代に比べたら全然持つのでその点も満足してます。安いものではない
ので色々考えたうえの購入でしたが、E8の過去モデルを使用していて本機の購入を検討している方の参考になれば幸いです！(2020年10月14日　追記)1ヶ月ほど使用
し、その間ファームウェアアップデート2回、現在Ver.6.1.0.にて使用しています。6.0.0の時より動作の不安定さが増したような気もしますが、とりあえず音質
は変わらない感じです。
    1st 2stと使っていますが e8の虜です。
    第一世代は2時間30分程度しかもたなくて、新幹線の中で充電しながら、BOSEと2系統持参していました。音もこの第一世代はBOSEに負けていました。BOS
Eも3台替えましたがBluetoothの時代なのでB&Oを買ってみました。今度の第3世代2020年モデルは最初は思ったほどでないなと思いましたが、付属のイアピー
スを大きいのにしたらぴったりで、抜群に実力を発揮しました。第一世代は問題にならない進化を遂げています。持続時間も長く、いつもIMACの５K画面で映画を見る時に使
用しますが、以前とは違った映画に見えます。音像の完成度が高いからでしょう。うるさいことを言えば名バイオリニストの「音色」に不満が残ります。車のオーディオもB&O
で、これは最高です。私が購入したのはピンクですが、このブラックは都内に住む音楽ファンの息子にプレゼントしたiMac27・インチの大型PCで音楽と映画を楽しむのに
親と同じ音楽映像環境を提供するのに追加プレゼントしました。コロナで大変な東京で家でこもって上手にテレワークをしているので高機能PCを楽しみにも使えるよう同じもの
を送ったわけです。息子から「映画で、細かい靴音まで鮮明に聞こえる。音楽で低音もよく鳴る」とメイルがきました。
    最初聞いた時には高温が耳に突き刺さるような音でしたが、エージングが効いてきたのと、イヤーパッドをいろいろ変えたので、情報量の多い良い音でなるようになりま
した。ただ、Bluetoothが切れると、自動でつながってくれないのが玉に瑕です。接続が切れる度に両イヤホンを同時にタッチし再接続しています。この金額であれば、
他のメーカーのもので接続関連がしっかりした作りの物の方がよかったかなとも思ったりします。
    まず中高音に関しては文句なしの音質です。とてもクリアで洗練された音質です。高音にノビがある女性ボーカルを聴けばその実力がはっきりと分かります。ですが低音
はまずますといった感じです。ハウスやテクノ、EDMといったハウスミュージックやロック、メタルを聴く方は物足りないと感じるはずです。自分はbeatsを使っていたの
で物足りないと感じました。自分は低音効いている方が好きなので専用アプリで音質調整しています。それでも物足りない方は付属のComplyではなくアジアンフィットCo
mplyを購入する事をおすすめします。あくまで個人的感想ですが。とにかく百聞は一見しかずなので購入前はお近くのストアで試聴するのがいいです。初めは音質の高さに感
動をしますが、高級イヤホンのため決して安くはありません。なので普段自分がどの音質の系統を聴いてるのかを見極め冷静に判断する事がよいかと。
    Airpods proも持っているので比較。Airpods proジャンル：ロック・ポップミュージック・ヒップホップ等向き。○ノイキャンが結構良い。（が
、絶賛されてる程ではない気がする。突発的なノイズは普通に入ってくるし）◎内臓マイクの性能が良い。◎BT接続が安定してる。当前Ａｐｐｌｅ製品との相性はいい、すぐつ
ながる。○イヤホンでボリューム操作が出来ないのが個人的にとにかく不便。×バッテリーがあまりもたない。Beoplay e8 3rdジャンル：アコースティック・アン
ビエント・ジャズ・エレクトロニカ・ドローン・ヒップホップ等向き。×ノイキャンは無し。×内臓マイクが４個中１つ壊れた。Ａｍａｚｏｎで交換してもらえました。○内臓マ
イクの性能はまあまあ。（切り替えた時ブツブツノイズが発生する時が多い）◎バッテリー7時間持つ。◎ボリュームの操作が出来る。○BT接続は概ね安定。最初繋がり辛いか
も…。突如途切れるとかは無いが接続の操作が少し面倒。○低音が弱いとされる。◎音が良い。低音は確かに弱いが、コントラバスやチェロやウッドベースなどの低音はかなり良
く出るし、音の輪郭もはっきりとリアルに聴こえてとても美しい。（弱いのはロックやポップミュージックのキック音等ですかね。）なので聴くジャンルによって評価が分かれる
のかもしれない。シンセの音等はとてもクリアで広がりがあり空間的だし、残響もとても美しく再現できてる。ひとつひとつの音がはっきりと聴こえて心地よい。以上。ちなみに
購入時、クロネコヤマトの保証云々を付けましたが、電話対応やらがとても頼りなく、本当に保障してもらえるのか不安になりました。つけなければよかったかもと思いました。
その点Ａｍａｚｏｎは故障内容もろくに確認せずすぐ返品交換してくれました。(笑)
    左耳のイヤフォンの充電ができない初期不良の商品が届きました。返品したので返金受理が正しくされるといいです。楽しみにしていたので、新品交換ができない点が残
念です。追伸返金処理がされました！皆様も購入される際はお持ちの端末にアプリを入れることお勧めいたします。アプリ内で左右のイヤフォンの充電残高を確認することができ
ます。私は両耳充電しましたが左耳だけ10%でそれ以上充電されませんでした
    完全ワイヤレスのイヤホンをジムで使いたくて購入。コンプライに付け替えて使用してますが、遮音性はなかなか。外音取り込みモードも使い勝手良いです。基本つけた
りはずりたりしないので、不満なく使用してます。音質は他のbang&olufsenのヘッドホンや有線イヤホンにはやや劣りますが、快適さがマイナス点を帳消しにします
。
    様々なレビューでホワイトノイズについて書かれており、本製品を購入する上で最も気になる点かと思いますので、その点について重点的にレビューします。条件：20
20年12月に購入、ソフトウェアバージョンは6.1.0(現時点で最新)1. ホワイトノイズは本当にあるか？あればどのようなノイズか？まず、ホワイトノイズは確実に
存在します。再生中、一時停止中関わらず、イヤホンの電源が入っている限りノイズが出続けます。高音の「サー」という砂嵐とも表現される音です。このノイズは、ボリューム
の大小に関わらずほぼ一定のレベルで鳴り、Transparencyを上げるとノイズも大きくなります。2. どの程度気になるものか？ポップスやロックなど、ほぼ常にそ
れなりの音圧で鳴り続ける曲を聴く場合は、ほぼ気にならないと感じます。一方、例えばドビュッシーの『月の光』のような、静かなピアノ曲などを聴く場合には非常に気になり
ます。これは個人の価値観の範疇ですが、特にオーディオに拘りのある方であれば「聴くに耐えない」と判断される可能性も十分にあると言えるレベルだと感じます。3. 使用
環境で感じ方に違いがあるか？当然と言えば当然ですが、静かな書斎や図書館のような環境ではホワイトノイズが目立ちます。一方、散歩中や電車内など外界の騒音がそれなりに
存在する環境下では、もはや環境音の方が大きいためまず気になりませんでした。このため、主に散歩や通勤、料理中などに使おうと考えられている場合は、あまり気にならない
方が多いのではないかと感じます。4. まとめ上記の内容をまとめますと、音質に特にこだわりのある方で、静かな環境で上品なクラシックを愉しみたいという方には全くお勧
めできません。そのような使い方はそもそもあまりBluetoothイヤホンの使い方として一般的ではないかも知れませんが、静かな環境で使うことが多い方、静かな曲を聴
くことが多い方はやはり要注意です。せっかく音質自体が素晴らしいので勿体無いことですが、今後の改善を期待したいと思います。一方で、音質は大切にしているが、外で使う
ことが多いのでBluetoothが良いといった方、普段はポップスやロックを主に聴くといった方であれば、十分満足できるのではないかと考えます。高音から低音までバラ
ンスの良い優れた音質や高級感のある作り、上品でコンパクトなケースなど、優れた製品だと感じます。以上、どうしても主観的な面も含まれておりますが、何かしらお役に立て
れば幸いです。
    通常使用時には基本的に問題なく快適に使用しています。ランニング時もちゃんとねじ込んでいれば落ちる感じはないですが、さすがに数時間単位で長時間装着している
と耳が痛くなります。もうひと回りかふた回り小さいと理想的です。
    3月22日に買ってから，フル充電して3回しか使っていないのに一昨日から突然Bluetoothの接続ができなくなった、いろいろ試してみましたが依然として問
題が解決できません。このような高価の買い物で頻繁に（他のレビューを見る限り）短期間で品質問題が発生するのは絶対に納得はしません、本日はアマゾンのアフターサービス
に解決方法を聞いてみます。
    音飛びなく、高音質を楽しめます。ブリブリの派手さよりかは、中高域の上質な粒の良い音が気持ち良いです。
    音質がとても豊かにでます。買って損はないでしょう1ヶ月後ゼンハイザー よりよかったのです！
    Fiio M11に使用しています。やや高域が強めかと思います。低域は、控え目です。ケースは高級感があります。AirPods
Proと比較すると音質はよいです。ノイズキャンセル機能は、ありませんが、特に気になりません。
    購入して二回ほどBluetoothに接続できなくなりましたが、一度スマホからこの機器を削除し、再度登録してからはしっかり繋がっています。（正直ホッとしま
した）もちろん音もデザインも美しいです。これから沢山使っていこうと思います(^-^)
届いてすぐは聴けたのですが次の日からBluetoothが接続出来なくなり他の方のレビューと同じ状態です。いい値段するのにこれはちょっと…とりあえず返品します
    接続が良くないことが多いです
    B&Oショップで2.0を試聴した瞬間から虜になり、3rd Gen発売日をとても楽しみに待っていました。発売日（昨日）に閉店ギリギリ飛び込み即買いしたので
すが、、、店頭ディスプレイもそうでしたが、初めペアリング接続されるまでかなり時間を要します。どれだけやっても一向につながらず、自宅でも店頭でも15分ほど接続に時
間がかかりました。つながる瞬間は何事もなかったかのように突然繋がります。理由は不明です。店頭ディスプレイは不良品続きで２回変えているそうです。ちなみに私はHua
wei Mate 20proというアンドロイドスマホを使っています。今の所、渋谷の街中と山手線内で使いましたが、原因不明の突然プチプチが始まります。正直ものすご
くうざいです。Beoplayアプリを開くとプチプチの頻度が激しくなる印象です。途切れ始めると止め方がわかりません。顔の角度やスマホを動かしてもなおりません。ちな
みにアップデートすると、一旦イヤーピースをオンオフし直さないと、超スローで音楽再生されます。音は正直2.0から見違えるほど変わってない印象ですが、ナチュラルなこ
の響き、たまりません。粒が細かいというような印象でしょうか。オーディオの専門的なことはわかりませんが、その場で予算が上がりました。シームレス風なボリューム操作も
、軽くタッチで操作できるシステムも、操作インディケーションの音が最低限なのも（市販のはベラベラ喋るのが多く、喋ってる間音楽聴けない）、すごく良いです。仮に音が他
製品と同じレベルだったとしても、本革ケースにマットブラックのイヤーピースの高級感で、気持ちの上がり方が違います。ですが、細かい途切れ、リピートがうざすぎて正直音
の良さに集中できません。街中だと今のところ100%途切れます。一週間して変わらないようでしたら不良品として交換してもらえそうなレベルだと思います。B&Oさん、な
んとか改善の方よろしくお願いいたします！
    まだ街中ではあまり見かけない
    E8初代からの２台目ですが、音質がiPhoneがapt.x
に対応していないせいなのか、E8の初代に比べて音の響きが薄くなった気がする。そこが残念です。低音その他は問題なく気に入ってます。
    高級感があり、大変気に入りました。上品な音で良かったです。
    買ってよかった。
    デザインが良い感じ
    なんと言っても音質が自然で……心が落ち着きます
    発売日にヨドバシで試聴し、その場で購入しました。現在はゼンハイザーのフルワイヤレスイヤホンと2台使っていますので比較してみます。ちなみに専門的な表現など
は知らないのでご了承ください…まず、音質ですが、ゼンハイザーに比べるとやや低音は弱いかな？という印象です。ですが、しっかりなっており、一つ一つの音はとても聴き取
りやすいです。ドラムをやっていたこともあり低音はある程度音の粒がはっきりしているほうが好みなのですが、こちらの商品は問題なかったです。やたら強調された低音は好み
ではないのでこれくらいがちょうどかと。中高音域に関しては詳しいことはわかりませんが、シャリシャリしすぎず、違和感なく耳に入ってきます。どちらが好みかというと今の
ところゼンハイザーかな…？操作性はさほど変わりません。アンビエントモードがワンタッチなのがいいかな？くらいです。ゼンハイザーはツータッチなので失敗するとテンパり
ます。アンビエントモードですが、こちらの商品のほうがかなり違和感なく聞こえます。また、自分の話し声も聞こえるので、どれくらいの声を出せばいいのかわからない…みた
いなことにもなりません。通話性能もこちらのほうが優れています。マイクがいいのでしょうね。ゼンハイザーはかなり大きな声を出さないとマイクが拾ってくれなかったり、ノ
イズが割と入っていて相手からは不評でした。接続性ですが、今のところ満員電車などで使っていても一度も途切れたことはありません。ブツブツとなったこともありません。が
、最初の接続時だけなぜか全然うまくいかずてこずりました。返品しようかな？と思うほど。あとはこれはNFMIとの違いなのですが、ある程度左右を離していても途切れない
ので、友人にちょっと聴いてみて！とか片耳渡すときも便利です。今までのB&O製品を知りませんが、価格なりの価値はあると思います。バッテリーの持ちもいいですし、ケー
スもかなりコンパクトに仕上がっています。好みやその人のこだわり度合いにもよりますが、少し音楽が好きでこの価格が予算圏内ならおすすめです。
    ＜音質＞全体のバランスとしてはドンシャリ気味です。高音はクリアで解像感も高いのですが音質が固めで、サ行が刺さるので、聴き疲れする音質です。中音域は少し引
っ込んだ感じです。低音はかなり重低音まで沈みこみ、量感もそこそこあります。AACとapt-
xの両方に対応しているので、iPhoneだけでなくAndroidでも高音質な伝送になるはずですが、手持ちのapt-x対応のXperiaではapt-xで接続されて
いるかどうか確認できませんでした。＜装着感＞装着感は良好で、装着状態による音質のバラツキも少ないと思います。インナーイヤーイヤホンはベストポジションに装着するの
が難しい商品もありますが。この商品は、問題ないと思います。＜操作性＞タッチセンサー式の操作です。反応は良く、比較的操作はしやすいですが、タッチセンサー式は誤操作
が多くなるので個人的には物理ボタン式のほうが好きです。基本的な操作方法を記載しておきます。Play/Pause　右ボタンシングルタップ音量　UP=右ボタン長押し
　Down=左長押し次の曲　右ダブルタップ前の曲　左ダブルタップアシスタント起動　右トリプルタップTransparency　左シングルタップ　＜Transpar
ency機能＞音楽を聴いているときに左イヤホンをシングルタップすると音楽が止まり、マイクで拾った周囲の音が聞こえるようになります。周囲の音が聞きたいときに便利で
す。＜充電ケース＞イヤホン本体は最大7時間の再生が可能充電ケースで4回のフル充電が可能なので、充電切れで困ることはほとんどないと思います。充電時間は2時間です。
充電ケースは合皮張りで質感は良いですが、もうちょっとコンパクトにしてほしかった気がします。充電コネクタはUSB Type-CでACアダプタは付属していません。＜
まとめ＞基本的には高音質で良いイヤホンだと思いますが、高音がきつくて刺さり気味なこと、操作が物理ボタンではなくタッチ操作なことの２点が個人的に好みではないので星
-1とします。JabraのElite 75tも所有していますが、Jabraのほうが自分の好みには合っています。
    ■ケースについてレザーが巻かれコロンとした丸い形状で手触りの良いケースは、アクセサリケースのような上質な印象を持ちました。今どきのイヤホンケースらしく、
USB-C + Qi対応で充電もスマートです。イヤホンをホールドする磁石は結構強いですが、出し入れは良好です。■イヤホンについてホワイトノイズは大きめですが、鳴
り出すと音の出がはっきりしていてクリアな印象です。全体的に音の出が丸い印象です。低音もしっかり鳴りますが、ドンシャリ鳴らないので、私には合っていると思いました。
スマホのアプリで音調ができ、好みの音に調整ができます。出荷状態ではフラット目の音設定にしてあるようなので、こちらでご自分に合った音に調整すると良いです。■全体的
に今までは、Bose、Apple、Sonyの中から選んでいましたが、E8を利用するにあたり、今回Bang&Olufsenを初めて知りました。E8は現在Versi
on3とのことですが、以前のモデルについては試したことはありません。デザインは好みがあると思いますが、個人的には主張が強くないくても、しっかりとレザーを使って高
級感を出している所がかっこよく感じました。私はiPhoneを使っているのですが、同じ価格帯としてはAirPodsProが候補に上がります。（最近のBoseやSo
nyはちょっと振るわない印象）MacなどのApple製品との親和性はやはり純正のAirPodsの方が高く、いくつものAppleデバイスに接続して使うようなシーン
では、AirPodsProには劣ってしまうかなと思いました。Bluetoothの切れ、繋がりやすさ、音の遅延、などでいえばAirPodsの勝ちだと思います。です
が、音の鳴りやイヤホン本来の性能については、E8のほうが上かと思います。どういった部分に価値を見出すかによって選択が変わるかと思います。E8は本来のイヤホンとし
ての使い方をするにあたって、とても良いと思いました。
    ■　どんな商品？Bluetooth接続による完全ワイヤレスイヤホンです。充電は付属の充電ケースで行い、ケーブルはUSB TYPE-Cで行います。連続音楽
再生は公称で単体で7時間、充電ケースの充電器をフルに使えば合計で35時間とされています。（ケースでの満充電が4回、本体の電池を足して7×5＝35）使ってみたとこ
ろでは、単体での連続使用は概ね公称通りといったところですが、この辺りは音量などにも左右されるので目安と思って下さい。■　良かった点・深みのある音とにかくストレー
トに音が良いです。高音が耳障りになることもなく、低音が物足りなかったり、逆に強調されすぎたりということもなく。単純に心地よい音を楽しめます。ただ逆に言えば人の好
みによっては高音が物足りない、低音が寂しいということもあります。その場合はイコライザーを使ってみて下さい。イヤホン単体を調整するなら専用アプリもありますし、スマ
ホ側を調整するならiPhoneの本体にあるイコライザーや、androidでも他のイコライザーソフトを導入する方法もあります。そうすることで高音も低音も望みのまま
に引き出せます。・タッチによる多彩な操作本体に物理キーはなく、本体のヘッド（B&Oのロゴがある部分）をタッチして行います。左右のどちらも操作可能なので、完全ワイ
ヤレスイヤホンには珍しく曲送りだけではなく曲戻しにも対応します。■　気になった点・耳とのフィット感はしっかり調整をワイヤレスイヤホンとしては、本体がやや大きく重
たい方になります。なので動くとずれて落ちやすいです。付属のシリコンイヤーチップでサイズをきちんと合わせて置かないと、ポロッと落ちてしまいます。・タッチ操作のデメ
リットも…前述の通り、再生、停止、曲送り、戻しは本体のヘッド部分に触れることで行います。しかしこれが曲者で、例えばイヤホンの位置を直すのに指で耳に押し込もうとし
た時、押し上げようとした時…そんな場合に、再生/停止になってしまう事もあります。■　感想上記の通り、良かった点と気になった点もご説明させていただきました。操作面
のことも大切ですが、一番はやはり音です。そしてそのポイントに関しては、最高の一言に尽きます。歌もの、インストゥルメンタル、ラジオ、どんなジャンルでも聴きやすいで
す。万能だなと思います。商品の写真を添付するので、お選びの際の参考にして頂ければ幸いです。
    ヨーロッパの老舗オーディオメーカーB&Oのイヤフォンです。Bluetooth 5.1 対応の最新型で、低消費電力で高音質(AAC と aptX
)を実現しているという製品です。最大35時間の稼働時間、別売りの部品を購入すればワイヤレス充電にも対応し、IP54
(防塵・防滴/汗耐性)対応なので防水性もあります。充電池を内臓したケースにはUSB-Cの充電コネクターがあり、充電用ケーブル(1m)と交換用シリコンゴム製イヤー
チップ4種類、スポンジ製イヤーチップ1種類、取説1冊と代理店で用意したと思われる取説1枚が付属します。メーカーの取説は多言語対応で、細切れで判りにくいのですが、
代理店製取説を読めば十分です。アカウントを作成した上でiOS やAndroid用のスマホアプリを利用すると、音質調整やファームウェアの更新ができます。取説を見ず
に早速使ってみると、音が出なかったので不良か？　と思ったのですが、ファームウェアを更新したら解消しました。慌てて返品しないでください。宝石箱のようなコンパクトな
ケースを開けてイヤフォンを取り出し、初期設定でBluethooth 接続の設定をすると、次からは自動で接続します。使ってみた感じでは、イヤフォン自体が小さ目なの
でイヤーチップ側にあるLRの表示がほとんど見えずちょっと困るくらいで、後は極々標準的な出来ですね。全体の高さがちょうど良く、耳たぶの内側にピタリと治りました。よ
くある落ちそうな感触がありません。操作は耳の外側に出ている丸い面をタッチすることで行いますが、叩くのではなく触れるだけで良いとか、フィットする様に位置を微調整し
ようとして外の面に触れてしまうと動作してしまうとかがあって、ちょっと慣れが必要でした。また、私の場合は最初から付いているイヤーチップがベストでしたが、交換すると
低音の再現性が大きく変わりますので色々試すことをお勧めします。音的には、ドライバーが5.7mm径なので限界もありますが、全体としては伸びやかな高音をベースにした
スッキリ系の音です。スマホアプリの音質調整は使用目的(通勤、ポッドキャスト、運動、クリアー、最適等)に応じて5種類用意されていますが、自分好みに変更や新規作成も
可能です。総じて・・・・・・音的にはいかにもヨーロッパ風の洗練された上質な音と感じます。クラシックを聴くには低音が物足りないのですが、音場、音像の再現性は良く、
映画視聴によく使うBOSEの同クラスの物の豊かな低音は聴けませんが、音楽プレーヤーのイコライザーで補正すればHiFI を望まないかぎり常用できる出来です。気にな
ったのは、我が家の液晶テレビには接続できなかったことと、隣の部屋へ移動すると時々音が切れかかったりとかがありますが、ワイヤレスの製品としては比較的安定した動作が
できていると思います。(テレビとの接続はファームウェアの更新で改善されました。)ちょっと高いですが、B&Oらしい上質な製品としてお薦めできます。
    左右式のワイヤレスイヤホンにして、十分なコンパクトさを持った商品です。今までワイヤレスイヤホンといえば、ヘッドセットとしての利用を主とする片耳式で、音質
もそこそこで、電池容量をもたせるために多少大型なものがほとんどでした。しかしここに来て、アップルのAirPodsを始めとする、純粋にイヤホンとして利用するための
左右型のワイヤレスイヤホンが登場してきました。本品もそのカテゴリに属します。Bluetoothで接続するだけの簡単さはそのままに、十分な音質と、5時間程度の連続
再生時間（カタログ上は7時間とありますが実質は5時間半くらいでした）を兼ね備えしかも大きさが人差し指の先程度しか無く本当にコンパクトです。本体が充電できるのとは
別に、専用のケース自体にも充電池が内蔵され、本体の電池がなくなった際はケースに入れるだけでケーブルレスで充電される仕組みになっています。（ケース自体の充電にはケ
ーブルが必要）本体にはボタン類がなく、本体の外側のロゴが描いてある部分がタッチセンサーになっておりそこをタップしたり長押ししたりすることで音量の増減、曲送りやペ
アリング等ができる様になっているのですが、その操作を覚えるのに多少手間取るのと、タッチセンサーであるためイヤホンの位置を直そうとするときなど、何かの表紙に触った
だけで反応してしまうという点が難点です。
    AirPods Proと比較するのは無粋かもしれない。Appleがこのマーケットを本気で取りに来ていて既存のメーカーが苦境に立たされているのがよく分かる
。小生もSONYやいろいろなイヤフォンを試してきたが、最近はAirPodsしか使わなくなっている。そういう状況の中で高級イヤホンを投入してきたBANG&OLUF
SENの心意気は買う。しかも価格帯もまともにAirPodにぶつけてきた。2月以降ほとんどリモートワークとなり、毎日数時間はイヤフォンマイクを使用しているのでビデ
オ会議と、仕事中に音楽を聞くために使用してみた。初期設定のペアリングがわかりづらく少し手間取ったが、以降はペアリングは特に問題がない。電子レンジの干渉に弱いのか
、時折プチプチと切れることがあったのが気になったが感度も良好である。Apt-Xに対応しているので音質は申し分なく、繊細な音楽でも良い音質で楽しむことができる。ノ
イズキャンセルもあり、ちょっとしたファン音などはある程度はキャンセルすることができる。いずれも3万円台のイヤフォンとしては特筆すべき性能ではないだろう。ただ、A
irPoidsと比較してみるといずれの性能もAirPods比較だと分が悪い。密閉型のイヤフォンなので音質は良いのだが、ノイズキャンセルも性能がAirpodsのほ
うが圧倒的に良いのでつけたときに耳が詰まるような静寂感はこのイヤフォンでは得られない。ノイズキャンセルがあるがゆえにAirPodsのほうが音質が悪いのかもしれな
いが、音楽を聞くときの体験としては上質である。ケースの質感はレザー調で良い質感に仕上がっているが、ポケットに入れておくことを考えると厚すぎである。AirPods
がなければ、あるいはAirPodsを知らなければ、十分に良い仕上がりだしブランドが好きなら満足の行くものだろう。AirpodsがなくてもSONYのノイズキャンセ
ルイヤフォンと競合する価格帯になってしまったのは難しいところだ。ブランドが好きなわけでなければ同じ価格ならSONYをおすすめするし、SONYよりはAirPods
をおすすめする。繰り返すが特に目立った不満があるわけではない。バランスの取れた良い製品だろう。
    音質には満足しています。自宅のオーディオにはSTAX Λsignature+専用AMP（古い機種ですがコンデンサー型の割にダイナミックな音）机のＰＣには
ハイレゾコンバーターにゼンハイザーHD598を繋いでいる者です。ヘッドホンではオープンエアの繊細な中高域を好む傾向があるため、今回購入したE8 3rdの音質には
満足。これを購入する前にゼンハイザーMOMENTUM(1つ前の世代）も聴きましたが音色と装着感でE8を選びました。物足りないとレビューされる低音ですが、かなり低
い周波数では風圧を感じるリアルさと制動の効いた力強さがあります。オーディオ的な録音のアコースティック系音楽にバッチリ合います。付属のコンプライチップにするとノイ
ズキャンセル機並みの静寂も得られます。残念な点は耳に付けた時の突出感。と1個使いするときはＲ側しか対応していない点ですね。見た目より装着感は良いです。従って家事
をしながら、リラックスしている時など部屋で使っている事が多いです。-----------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------その後、気が付いた事ですが　ソフトの更新をする際はペアリングからやり直しが必要ですね
。音質面では選択イヤチップのfit状態で低域の量感がかなり変わります。このイヤホンの場合低域不足を指摘される場合その影響も考慮した方が良さそうです。中高域にピー
ク感があるのでドラムのリムショットなど中高域が強めにクッキリ、カキカキ聴こえる様ですがソースに依りスネアおもちゃのように聞こえます。例えばT-SQUAREのTR
UTHなど。コンプライにすると低域が盛り上りその癖がマイルドになります。静かなアコースティク系やJAZZボーカルであれば気が付かないでしょう。　付属の音質調整よ
りもっときめ細かい調整が出来るグライコが欲しい所です。
    正直なところ、これを自費で買っていたら少し残念な気持ちになっていたかもしれません。以下に私が感じた本商品の欠点を書きます。・基本的な音質がよいとは言えな
い、・待機時にホワイトノイズが乗るときがある、・イヤホン本体に付いているセンサーが敏感すぎて、音量等の操作が難しい、・たまにイヤホンがポロッと落下するときがある
、ですもちろんこれは私自身が感じたことなので、人によって感じ方も当然違うと思います。ただ、一つだけ言えることは、この商品は通販で買うのではなく、実際に店頭で試し
てみてから買った方がいい商品だということです。
    Bang & Olufsenってのはデンマーク発のハイエンドオーディオブランドらしいですドイツ語だかのレビューもありますが、とりあえず英語だとアプリがク
ソってレビューがあったので、アプリは入れずに今のスマホで使ってるpowerampで使用完全ワイヤレスイヤホンを試したのは2つ目なんですけど、これボタンじゃなくて
タップ式なんですねペアリングしてみたらちゃんとaptXとして認識されててとりあえず安心で実際何曲か聴いてみましたが、音質は確かにいいんですけど(ただし音源はただ
の250kbpsくらいのMP3ばっかりですが)、aptXイヤフォンとして際立ってるかと言われると微妙かも(エージングが必要？)。。。あとアプリ＆イヤフォンで音最
大にしてもそれほど大きく聴こえません。アプリの相性なのか耳保護のための措置なのか。。？？難点はタップ式だから誤作動が増える気がします。特に外出してるときだと周り
が揺れてるかもしれないし。。慣れの問題もあるかもしれませんがボタン式でも良かった気がしますね？ボタンだと防水とか問題になったり？そういえば防水性とかも記載されて
ないのでジョギングとかで使うのは辞めといたほうがいいかもあとイヤホン自体も重めで大きいので、移動中だと落としやすいかもしれませんケースは本革らしく高級感がありま
す。充電口もUSB type-Cなので最近のスマホ使ってる人はありがたいはずtransparentモードってのはワンタッチで周囲の音に切り替えられる(空気清浄機
の音まで聴こえます)ので不意に話しかけられたり、レジ前とかだとありがたいですね。完全ワイヤレスは落とす可能性が高いからできれば付けたままにしたいでしょうし。今の
所このイヤホンの一番のウリはこの機能ですね(前モデルにも普通にあったのかもしれませんが)。ただワンタッチで周囲の音側に切り替えられるのは嬉しいんですが、音楽に復
帰する操作がいまいちわからない数秒程度なら左イヤフォンのワンタッチで復帰できるんですが、1分2分とかになると音楽が流れてこない。。しょうがないからスマホのアプリ
で操作する羽目になりました。これはアプリとの相性問題。。？とりあえずの使用感想でした。付属アプリ入れてみたらまたレビュー追記します
    一月ほど使用していて起動できない?電源が勝手に落ちる？ようになりました。最初は接続がうまくいかなかったのかなと接続のしなおしを説明書みながらやったのです
が、電源がちょっとついてすぐ消えてしまうので、再接続もできない状態です。充電がちゃんとできてないのかなと思いまして、ホルダーに差し込み様子を見てみるとしばらくし
たら完了な感じになるので充電が足りないわけでもないっぽい。ちょうど音が馴染んできて、高めのボイスやピアノの音もいいかんじになってたので残念でなりません。ケースで
充電ができるので、旅行とかにもケースさえもっていけば充電がなくなって音楽が聴けないということもなく便利に思えました。耳にインして使うタイプなので、落としてしまう
かもという不安もありましたが、イヤホンのクッション？を変えてしっかりと耳に差し込めば激しく動かなければとりあえず大丈夫でした。ケースも高級感があって手触りもよく
きにいってたんですけど。
    ＜第一印象＞第一印象は高級感抜群です、ケースが革風でカッコいいです。（確認したら本革らしい）Bang & Olufsen はデンマークの老舗メーカーのよ
うです。お洒落なHPで良さそうです。＜音＞性能に関してですが、音質は全体的に高めで低音重視ではない印象です。聞き取りやすい音です。ノイズキャンセリング機能がある
ような無いような記載がありますが無さそう雑踏音などを電車などで試してみたいのですが、今はずっと家にいるので自宅で聞いた印象ですが、初めホワイトノイズが多いと思い
ましたが慣れたのか消えました。なぜでしょうか初めは通信状態が悪かったのかと思ったら左耳を１回クリックでトランスペアレンシーモードになっていた可能性があります。低
音は少なめでピュアな音な印象です。結構いい音です。PCに対してはヘッドセット用と音楽聞く用が認識され、選択してつながっています。一度つながると、少しのタイムラグ
は必要ですが外部スピーカーとの切り替えもスムーズです。＜操作＞音量調節なども使いやすく　　右耳長押しで音量アップ　左耳長押しで音量ダウン右耳　1クリックで　停止
　2クリックで　次の曲　3クリックでSiri起動などです。＜まとめ＞高級感抜群で気分が良いです。満足度あり。
    普段は2,000〜5,000円くらいの価格帯の格安Bluetoothイヤホンユーザーです。（ですので、音質についての細かい表現ができるわけではないので、
その点ご容赦ください）それと比較するのも申し訳ない気もしますが、音の奥深さ立体感とか音量あげた際のノイズの無さ、そして音量がそこまで高く設定しなくてもしっかりと
響き渡る感じがして、価格帯でこんなに違うものなんだとびっくりしました！なお、初期設定も簡単。一度ケースに入れて、すぐに取り出しスマホの設定画面見るとすぐに対象機
種が表示されました。ものの15秒とか20秒くらいで完了する手軽さでした。イヤホンケースも革張り風ですごく高級感ありオシャレ。BANG＆OLUFSENはBeopl
ay A1に続き2種目になりますが、すっかりお気に入りブランドになっています。
    廉価品も含めてたくさんのBTコードレスイヤホンを使ってきましたが、接続性のよさ、音質、音圧、装着感、充電のスピードなどすべてにおいて一番です。ケースも高
級感のあるデザインで気に入りました。高いのでなくさないように気をつけつつヘビロテ使用します。
    接続のBluetoothは簡単に繋がりました。多機能なのでマニュアルを読みながら楽しんでいます。慣れると非常に使いやすい事がわかります。アプリを導入して
さらに色んな使い方を学んでいます。音自体は非常に聞きやすいと感じます。製品の作りもしっかりしていて高級感たっぷりです。
    B&O PLAY Beoplay E8の初代モデルを使っており、音質とデザインが気に入っていたため、新しい3rd genも購入しました。完全ワイヤレスの
中ではかなり完成度が高く、他のレビューにもあるように素晴らしい製品だと思います。ただ、初代が完璧だったので、今回の第３世代については残念に思うところがいくつかあ
ります。1. ホワイトノイズがうるさい初代にはなかった「さーーっ」というようなホワイトノイズがかなり目立ちます。特に静かな場所で静かな曲を聞くとかなり耳障りです
。サポートに問い合わせ、修理センターへ送ったところ、「E8 (1st) と比較した際のホワイトノイズは確認することができましたので、開発部門宛に報告させて頂きま
す。」とそのまま返送されたので、個体差ではなく製品レベルの問題だと思われます。2. マイク接続時のコイル鳴りマイクをつなげた際に、「キィーン」というコイル鳴りの
ような音が生じます。これも初代にはなかった現象です。話している間はならず、接続時だけ鳴るので大きな支障にはならないですが、これも初代と比べると気になってしまいま
す。他が完璧なだけに、ホワイトノイズさえ無ければ...と思うとすごく残念です。今から買う方は、ワイヤレス充電が必要でなければ、初代の方で良いかと思います！笑
    高域が綺麗というより、低域がかなり控えめって印象。音の粒を殆ど感じないほどにナチュラル。イコライザで調整しつつ音量高めで聞けばある程度のれる音になる。た
だ視聴機は接続できない不具合があった。購入したものは大丈夫だった。
    値段が高いので音質もいいと思い、購入したが大失敗、音質悪いです。やはり、ソニー、もしくはBOSEをおすすめします。
    まず、充電器がワイヤレス。充電器の高級感あり、満足感高い。接続も色いろ、書かれていますが、私の環境では、まったく問題がありません。操作もときどき、間違っ
てさわったりして意図どおりになることもありますが、問題ありません。音質は聞くほど、素晴らしくなると思います。高音、低音とも気に入っています。何となく、安心感があ
り、聞き疲れがありません。ゼンハイザーもいいですが、音質、アプリの使い勝手等、最高クラスだと思います。
    左耳の初期不良が無ければ最高でした。製品は素晴らしいです。
    vorweg ich schreibe selten bewertungen (heute alles klein, das ist fein) ...
habe auch kein gratis produkt wie die vorredner oder so erhalten !mich haben die
vorherigen bewertungen beeinflusst zu kaufen ...den 350 euro ... das ist viel
geld da darf man richtig was erwarten ... hier möchte ich mal ein wenig
Neutralität einbringen ...kurz über mich ... ich bin kein audiophil auch wenn
mich freunde so bezeichnen ;-)ich bewerte hier aus der sicht des allrounders
...ich besitze soundsysteme von bose 5.1, fahre burmester in meinen fahrzeugen
... habe devialet gold und höre eigentlich 90 % am tag musik ... sämtliche genre
ich lebe musik ... ;-) ... und natürlich das aller wichtigste ich füttere die
systeme mit "lossless" musik ... tonstudio qualität und nicht mp3 !ich
beschäftige mich seit einigen wochen mit "in ear" kopfhöhrern. den ich habe zwei
kleine kinder und die wollen schlafen ich kann also nicht mehr "vollends
genießen" ;-)somit habe ich ne pallete in ear bestellt ... ein noname set das am
selben tag wieder zurück ging ... jetzt habe die von Sony hier liegen die von
Jabra und von Libraton ... dazu gesellen sich jetzt die von B&O ...ich kenne B&O
von audi hier kann ich es mit "sehr gut" bewerten ... jedoch "burmester" im
mercedes würde ich als "wow" bewerten ...leider spiegelt sich das auch bei den
in ear buds wieder ...ganz wichtig egal welche buds ... sie müssen sitzen ...
man sollte sich wirklich erst mal hinsetzen die verschiedenen aufsätze
durchgehen ... schauen was wirklich passt den jedes ohr ist anders und jeder
mensch je nach alter hört auch mehr oder weniger ( junge leute mehr und alte
stumpfen bekanntlich ab ! ) ;-)die b&o die app lässt zu wünschen übrig .klang 4
von 5 sternen denn der bass fehlt egal wie gut sie sitzen und bei mir sitzen sie
einfach nie 100 %wenn man auf 100 % hört ... möchte man noch 30 % mehr ... das
ist sehr schade das machen die anderen alle besser.gewicht der pods = 5
sterne!grundsätzliches design sehr edel ... aber ehrlich das ist unwichtig ...im
vergleich !die sony buds ... app ist top ... einstell option super !musik
qualität fast perfekt ... aber irgendwie werde ich mit dennen nich warmsitz in
den ohren ... durchschnittlich ... die teile sind relativ "schwer" ... also
gefühlt.libraton ... am ende die überraschung ... soundtechnisch ... wow ...die
app und Einstellmöglichkeiten sowie Handhabung an den buds ... total schlecht
... ! absolut traurig ...die jabra gn ... der allrounder ... sitzen gutsound
klasse bzw sehr gut ... der bass "wow" von allen buds der beste.app = mega !
genau so ... einfach übersichtlich innovativ ...einzig das gewicht bzw der
komfort hier könnte man noch was tun ...ich schwanke aktuell zwischen jabra und
libraton vom tragekomfort und das halte ich nebs soundqualität für das
wichtigste ... sind in meinen ohren die libraton langzeit komfortabel ...die b&o
gehen auf jeden fall zurück den jabra und libraton machen auf jeden fall ein
besseres gesamtpaket !preisleistung bei b&o ... absolut ungerechtfertigt.mein
tipp ... testen ... testen testen ...da ich ein "alles" hörer bin und jede musik
genieße solang die qualität passt ... ist zu sagen die b&o dürften im klassichen
style ihre stärken mit sich bringen aber in trance dance gutem  rock ... sind
sie fast langweilig !in meinem fall werden es wohl die libraton da tragekomfort
feat. sound quali das beste is die app aber grottig ... hier kann ich nur hoffen
das der hersteller was tut !
    Here’s my update after having owned these for over a month, as at 18th May
2020:I have grown to truly love my B&O. I have had absolutely no connection
problems at all, the app is great and the whole experience of owning them is a
pleasure. The transparency mode is great, especially since I am a little deaf in
my right ear (never ever ride a motorbike without ear plugs!) This feature,
which of course is not exclusive to B&O is excellent. Every time I pick up my
leather covered, chrome edged case, a little smug, smile of satisfaction comes
across my face. The listening experience is superb, especially after having
saved a bass enhanced profile. When watching films or videos, there is no lip
sync’ lag and the optimal setting for the equaliser is perfect for dialogue and
even special effects.As I have often noted when there are disparaging reviews,
these mostly arise from operator error and instructions not being followed. My
E8 3.0 connect seamlessly to my iPhone X, and my iPad Pro (2018 3rd gen). When I
have had them in whilst walking and I get in my car (a Merc CLS) they disconnect
and the Merc’s system takes over. When I leave the car, the E8 3.0 re-connect to
my iPhone X. If you’re having connection problems, turn off all other Bluetooth
devices in range, which is what it says in the instructions if you have
problems. I have a Bluetooth keyboard, an Apple Pencil, a Loewe speaker, a
Mackie Thump 1300W 15BST speaker all in range or connected to my iPad by
bluetooth. I never have a problem connecting to my E8s. Perhaps others have
received a faulty pair. When I received my E8 3.0 they were running v5.6 of the
firmware and needed immediate updating to v5.7. They recently updated to v5.8
and during all my limited period (over a month) of ownership I have only ever
been extremely pleased with the purchase. One last thing: my eldest son bought a
pair of Shure SE425s on my recommendation. He was on the phone to me in central
London using the £100+ bluetooth Shure cable. I was using my E8 3.0s. I had to
ask him to speak on his phone since there was so much squawking and high pitched
whining from his Shure Bluetooth. Apparently, I’m not the first to complain to
him. My advice, buy B&O E8 v3. I guarantee, if you appreciate luxury, you will
not be disappointed. Alternatively, you could waste your money as my son and I
did on overpriced, poorly manufactured American goods.PROS:1) Premium quality
materials .2) Premium quality build3) Superb sound4) 100% stable connection5)
Simple but full control of tracks, volume, calls and voice assistants.6) Premium
look7) Prestige brand8) Strong Retaining magnets, they will never fall out of
the case9) Massively long duration on one charge (just short of 8 hours from my
test)CONS:1) B&O are tight with the ear tips. Only 1 pair of comply tipsBang and
Olufsen are a renowned Danish Consumer Electronics company who, like all truly
premium brands are careful who they let sell their products. They are what might
be called a lifestyle brand which epitomises the industrial, clean Scandinavian
design school. Anyone who has ever been into a B&O shop will know that these
really are ultra-premium. Any company that can sell 1 speaker of a pair for a
starting price of £61k is definitely ultra-premium.B&O therefore has a
reputation to protect so it’s interesting that given their history, the brand
image and the quality of the design that they can sell these at only £300. In
actual fact, I got mine luckily for £233.95, but the price has now gone back up.
Even at £300 these truly are worth every penny. B&O could sell these at £600 or
even £900 and the sort of person who values their design and sound signature
wouldn’t blink an eye. Now, the cynical amongst you might say that they’re
overpriced, but in actual fact the Shure SE425s in the pictures cost me over
£300 when they first went on sale. Shure 425s are typically American in the use
of materials, and the build quality, especially when compared to the E8 3.0. The
packaging is almost a work of art, and it reflects the Scandinavian minimalist
design. The box is made from quality card stock. The inner layer presenting the
case and earbuds is a high density polymer akin to rubber. It has a cotton tag
on it to help you get to the accessories below. Even before you use them, it’s a
top quality experience. My one and only gripe is that they have only supplied
one pair of Comply Foam Sport Tips in Medium.I spent a lot of time researching
these before I pressed the “buy now”. I had to be able to justify spending this
money to my wife who would eventually realise how much they cost. These earbuds
are made of truly premium materials. Leather, aluminium soft feel polymer with
superb retaining magnets. When you see the packaging, inside and out, you
realise this isn’t some cheap, worthless product. It’s never clear from photos
or videos how tiny these Bang and Olufsen Beoplay E8 3.0 actually are. So for
comparison, I’ve added the Shure case and the SE425 earbud so you can get a
better perspective.The leather covered case takes it up a notch, and the sound
is great. I’ve downloaded the new software before I had a good nearly 8 hour
session on them. The funny thing is even with the medium silicone tips they are
completely secure in my ears. I’ve always had big issues with my shure se425s
with silicone. I always used the yellow memory foam tips which were the only
ones that worked for me. I tried the medium B&O comply foam, but I funnily need
a large in those. They are very comfortable for me with the medium silicone tips
that come attached to the buds. Even with these in the passive noise isolation
is excellent. They are also very secure in my ears as the mad dog ear shake
proved. Even in the case, shaking it wildly with it open didn’t let the buds
fall out. Even using an inertia shake (accelerating fast forward and stopping
suddenly) didn’t dislodge them. That’s a tribute to the build quality and the
premium materials used.For those out there who’ve tested these and said the
sound is poor, and the sound stage is poor, I think if anyone is buying these
buy them from Amazon or B&O direct because they have a 30 day return period. My
SE425s are dead now, but from my memory of them once I adjusted the E8 3.0
equaliser to the 4 o’clock position that’s between excited and (closer to warm)
the bass is perfect for me. They are much better in my opinion than the SE425s.
The transparency mode is fantastic with the ability to set different levels of
background music. Transparency allows the wearer to use the external microphones
(these have 4) to hear people or the outside surroundings. B&O’s implementation
is superb, as you’d expect. As for base, on the factory settings with no profile
(type of listening) or equalisation for frequency emphasis, they are very good.
However, once you use the app to configure them to your personal taste they are
superb.I’ve not used the previous E8 1.0 or 2.0, but what I can say is the sound
from these once set up is superb. They are also unbelievably light, and very
comfortable in the ear. They are relatively discrete when they’re in your ears.
I used them on one charge for nearly 8 hours of continuous use. It was set low
to medium because I was working at the same time. However, that’s more than
enough time for the majority of people.  If anyone is considering these get
these in your hands and there’s no way you won’t buy them.  My wife looked at
them when they arrived and said “wow they must have cost a fortune!” Not
compared to what I paid for the Shures SE425s, though. Making the comparison
between the quality of Shure v B&O it’s like comparing a Mustang to a Ferrari.
You can’t.Sound like taste, is a subjective sense. We all have different ear
shapes, unique ear canals, and bone structure in the skull. All these affect
sound, as does age and the previous noises you’ve been subjected to over the
years. In my opinion, even if you can aurally compare these to another wireless
set of buds, you should buy them. These are more than just a functional item,
they truly are a pleasure to own and use. BUY THEM, THESE ARE DOTTORE APPROVED!
    At this premium price point, I was expecting a lot.But ended up having
connection issues and honestly couldn’t justified the price when it came to
sound quality.B&O still have a long way to go it seems all you’re paying for is
the brand name and  having the latest 5.1 Bluetooth
    Habe mich mal an ein superteures Luxusmarken-Produkt herangetraut, gleich
nach dem Erscheinen (also für stolze 350 Euro). Ich wurde auch angetriggert
durch die ersten "Rezensionen", die jedoch vor allem Werbetexte sogenannter
"Vine-Produkttester" waren. Diese erhalten die Produkte kostenlos und schreiben
dafür häufig faktisch Werbetexte, auch wenn sie es formell nicht müssen (einfach
mal bei Google schauen - da gibt es auskunftsreiche Infos zu dieser Spezies)! Je
mehr "normale" Kunden rezensierten, umso kritischer wurden folglich die
Rezensionen. Was ich jetzt nachvollziehen kann.Ergebnis: Sind das Geld nicht
wert. Klangqualität auch nicht besser als bei anderen In-Ear-Hörern ab 70 Euro.
Und wenn schon "true wireless", dann bieten die anderen Markenhörer für die
Hälfte des Preises das Gleiche - mindestens. Es gab viele Probleme, das Produkt
macht den Eindruck, noch unausgereift zu sein und den Kunden zunächst als
Versuchskaninchen zu missbrauchen: Zuerst gab es in der App keine Möglichkeit,
den Hörer einzustellen, auch völlig unreifer Online-Auftritt zu diesen Hörern.
Dann war es häufig unklar, weshalb die Hörer nun nicht angingen - große
Verwirrung bei der Bedienung, die ich bei anderen Hörern noch nie hatte. Kaum
Bass. Der Gipfel: Auf dem Fahrrad waren sie so leise (bei maximal aufgedrehter
Lautstärke), dass ich frustiert meine alten Sennheiser für 70 Euro wieder
anschaltete - und diese lieferten gewohnt guten Sound in ausreichender
Lautstärke.Für ihr normales Funktionieren (ohne starke Umgebungsgeräusche) haben
diese Kopfhörer 2 Sterne verdient. Wegen des exorbitanten Preises jedoch sinkt
das Preis-Leistungs-Verhältnis auf einen Stern. Fazit: Wer draußen angeben
möchte mit Markennamen, wem Qualitätsunterschiede zu anderen Hörern nicht so
wichtig sind, wer nur im stillen Kämmerlein Musik hören möchte, und für den Geld
keine Rolle spielt (kurz: Wer die neuen feinen Kleider des Kaisers unbedingt
sehen und bewundern möchte), der sollte hier zugreifen. Viel Spaß!
    These headphones are ok, but for the price you really do expect more than
ok.The sound quality is good but no better than a set 100-150 pounds cheaper.
The bass is ok, if you want bass the better option is the Sony ones.The wireless
charging is a nice touch if you are into that kind of thing. I kept forgetting
though and always ended up plugging them in to get them to charge quickly.One of
the things that I didnt like is that these headphones dont notify you when the
battery is low like other headphones do and meant I was left with no charge
multiple times.The app that comes with them is pretty pointless.Overall not
worth it.
    The app that you use for changing the sound scapes on this is not fit for
purpose. I have found that most days you open the app and it WILL NOT find the
earbuds. So you have to delete the app and reinstall it and even sometimes turn
your phone off and then on. Even then it does not always find the earbuds first
time. I find this to be intolerable for such expensive earbuds. Have returned to
amazon for a refund.
    The earbuds worked the first day I bought but I thought the quality was
really poor. The second day the left earbud didn't work. I spent some time on
the phone to customer service and eventually could reset them fully which had
them working for a day.However, they stopped syncing the following day and they
have not worked since. I get an error saying the earbuds are not close enough to
sync which is incorrect. and the reset procedure no longer works. It's really
disappointing given the cost of the earbuds.Given that I really like the look of
them, I am returning them and hoping B&O will replace them with a working pair.
    App is a nightmare, doesn’t hold settings very temperamental , also sound
average and volume you keep wanting more. Are they worth the price not really,
when you consider quite a lot of wireless ear buds are a £100 cheaper have
better sound and more volume. Why I touch on volume is seem to want a bit more,
and it’s not there. Bang and Olufsen you need to up your game or it could be the
end stop living on your name other brands are making you mediocre. 👎
    Just received my E8 3rd gen, and I’m blown away by the sound from these
earbuds. I’ve tried and returned a couple of the other latest offerings ie
Sennheiser Momentum 3 which take nearly 10 seconds to connect, and the Technics,
which don’t have enough volume.These don’t have ANC, but with foam tips this is
not an essential feature, and probably just takes up space and power from the
more important driver components.They are very small and discreet too, similar
size to the sennheisers, but the case is significantly smaller than the others
I’ve tried, and the wireless charging is great, worked on my standard (generic)
iPhone charging pad.These are definite keepers!
    Likes:Top quality sound reproduction.Light and comfortable, easy to use once
familiar.Have used in the gym for Weights, Treadmill, Cross Trainer, Floor work
/ Ab Wheel, they remain in your ears when used with the supplied Comply Memory
Foam Tips which also have a membrane to prevent sweat / ear wax from entering
the buds, they also expand in your ear and form the noise cancelling which is
very effective, no external noise can be heard over your music once you have
mastered how to insert the buds into your ears correctly with the correct size
tips which makes all the difference.Voice control apps like Alexa can be easily
accessed.If using for phone calls the speech and audio provide first class 2 way
transmission enabling clear conversations.Dislikes:Only 1 pair of Medium Comply
Tips supplied, the silicone ones are not the best if you're going to be active
whilst wearing these, but fine for sitting around.It's quite easy to
accidentally touch the left bud and put them into transparency mode when you
don't want to.In General:No problems so far, yes the app is a bit basic but it
does what it needs to including a software update which I'd recommend you do
straight away to iron out any potential glitches, the product arrives with
version 5.0 but the latest version is 5.7 so well worth bringing straight up to
date, it takes about 20 minutes to load and install over the bluetooth 5.1
connection with which I've had no problems, connects straight away with no loss
of signal at all.As mentioned, great for gym and general use but I wouldn't risk
outside running or biking in case of loss.A quality item which looks and feels
good to use and easy to re-charge with long battery life. Produces superb sound
which is why you're buying them, yes they're expensive but you get what you pay
for!
    I purchased Bang & Olufsen's BeoPlay E8 (3rd generation version) in-ear
earphones approximately three months ago, and in the time I have been using the
E8s they have become my go-to true-wireless earbuds. Prior to purchasing the
latest version of the BeoPlay E8 earphones, I had previously owned the original
E8s. While I thought the first iteration of the E8 earphones sounded fantastic
and worthy of the Bang & Olufsen name, they had numerous annoying issues e.g. a
frequent Bluetooth connectivity issues, limited battery life of approximately
3.5 hours between charges, etc. that stopped them from being a must-own
product.Fast forward two years, the latest iteration of Bang & Olufsen's BeoPlay
E8 in-ear earphones have finally resolved these major issues, and have become my
favourite true wireless earphones. Cosmetically, the third generation E8
earphones have a more refined design that is 17% smaller than both the original
E8 and E8 2.0 earphones. This smaller form factor means that the third
generation E8s fit a greater variety of ears, meaning that they no longer have a
habit of falling out of the listeners' ear (an issue I frequently experienced
with the first generation E8). The charging case for the earphones has also been
redesigned to be slightly smaller and features a stunning chamfered edge that
gives the product the sort of premium finish you would expect from a Bang &
Olufsen product,The third generation BeoPlay E8 earphones also feature a slew of
new features that further enhance the user experience. Bang & Olufsen have
finally listened to customer feedback and added support for Bluetooth 5.1
(previous versions of the E8 earphones utilised the Bluetooth 4.2 standard for
wireless connectivity). This upgrade in Bluetooth connectivity means the third
generation E8 earphones have a much more stable connection, and I have yet to
experience some of the connectivity issues I have with the original E8s e.g. the
earphones would regularly lose their connection to my iPhone when standing at
traffic lights. The other major benefi that the transition to  Bluetooth 5 has
provided is improving the battery life of the BeoPlay E8 earphones. With this
latest third-generation model, the BeoPlay E8s can now be used for around 7
hours per charge (at 50% volume). This is a massive improvement in battery life
as rhe E8 2.0 in-ear earphones mah a maximum battery life of around 4.5 hours
per charge.This improvement in battery life also extends to the charging case of
the BeoPlay E8's charging case. The E8 charging case now allows the user to
charge their headphones up to four times, bring the total battery life of these
earphones to an impressive 35 hours. The charging case also supports the Qi
wireless charging standards, meaning anyone who owns a charging mat for their
iPhone/Android device can wireless charge the E8 charging case. The BeoPlay E8
third-generation charging case also supports wired charging using USB-C.In terms
of sound quality, the BeoPlay E8 earphones are simply stunning to listen to. As
you would expect from a Bang & Olufsen product, the E8s have a somewhat
neutral/flat sound that is very pleasing to listen to. The earphones sound best
when listening to music that is firmly planted in the mid-range, with female
vocals particularly standing out. The third-generation version of the BeoPlay
E8s also features a new bass port, which means the bass response of this latest
E8 model are significantly improved compared to previous iterations, although
the bass levels always feel suitability restrained when listening to music.
Overall, these earphones are more than capable of presenting a diverse range of
music genres in a manner that will satisfy most listeners.Another significant
improvement that third-generation BeoPlay E8s have made is in their usability
for phone calls. The third-generation E8s now have four built-in microphones (up
from two in the BeoPlay E8 2.0) available to use when speaking on phone calls.
This means that the third-generation E8s are ideal for use in a work from home
environment on conference calls. From my own personal experience, several
colleagues have commented that my voice is much clearer when I use the third-
generation BeoPlay E8 earphones for conference calls, compared to when I use my
old pair of Apple AirPods (which surprised me considering how highly regarded
the AirPods are for their call quality).While there are quite a few things to
love about this latest iteration of the BeoPlay E8 earphones, there are some
minor areas that Bang & Olufsen should improve in a future version. With an RRP
of £300, the price of the BeoPlay E8 is certainly expensive, especially
considering the lack any form of active noise cancellation (ANC). ANC is a
feature that is becoming much more common on True Wireless Earbuds in 2020, and
B&O have justified omitting ANC from these earphones by pointing out the seal
that the E8 earphones form with the user's ear canal provides excellent noise
isolation. From my personal use, this claims have proven to be mostly true, but
it would nonethless be nice to see Bang & Olufsen bring ANC to the fourth
generation version of the E8s.The other feature missing from the third
generation BeoPlay E8 earphones is any form of official water resistance. The
E8s are rated as dust and splash/resistant up to the IP54 standard, which means
they are not sweat resistant so are not ideal for gym users.Bang & Olufsen
however do offer a version of the E8 earphones - the BeoPlay E8 Sport - which
are rated up to the IP57 standard (meaning they ca withstand being immersed in
water up to 1m deep for up to 30 minutes), so if you are looking for true
wireless earphones for the gym, those are probably the better model to check
out.In conclusion, the third-generation BeoPlay E8 in-earphones from Bang &
Olufsen are a stellar product that raises the bar for true-wireless earphones.
Combining great product design, audio quality, and a feature set that includes
improved connectivity and class0leading battery life, this latest iteration of
the E8s are a near-perfect product that is truly deserving of consideration if
you're in the market for true-wireless earphones!
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      These pair of ear sets are
the best thing since slice bread. The bass is full of depth, sound quality is
exceptional and connection to my Apple devices is very quick and easy. Although
I found the silicon ear tips make the ear sets a bit unstable in the ear but as
soon as I swapped with the comfy foam tips that came with the ear sets , they
stayed in my ears much firmly and steady. I will definitely recommend these to
everyone.
    No me puedo creer que unos auriculares de esta marca y tan caros sean tan
malos. Siempre he tenido en mi casa aparatos de Bang Olufsen y siempre he estado
encantado con su calidad y sonido, por eso decidí comprarlo. La sorpresa llego
cuando  los probé. Solo con ponermelos ya me resultaban incómodos. No se adaptan
bien, el cuerpo pesa y hace que tiende a caerse de la oreja. Después a la hora
de sincronizar cuesta bastante, casi 5 intentos. Pero una vez sincronizados es
cuando llega la decepción. Un sonido pobre y vulgar, poco volumen y la
aplicación tediosa y difícil. Tengo que reconocer que tengo unos Sony de menos
de 50 euros que se oyen 10 veces mejor. Hasta que la calidad no vuelva ser la
que yo recuerdo de esta marca, seguro no voy a comprar más. No los recomiendo
para nada. Hay en el mercado auriculares por menos de la mitad que se oyen mil
veces mejor
    So i returned these as the sound quality is ok... you still cannot use the
left earbud on its own therefore the right earbud will be overused. The app is
meh?! Overall i like these but not enought to pay £220 for them
    I have found this product difficult use and wish I chosen differently . They
are pretty which is all just over complicated to use. Very disappointed
    Fantastic sound! Noise cancelling is incredible! These are by far the best
headphones I’ve ever had. My only gripe is that you cannot use the left earphone
alone. Not a big deal, however at that price you’d expect to be able to
    Very disappointed! The left side bud is not working at all. Waste me a
couple of hours to find the solution on google, it seems a lots people get same
issue with left side bud, but B&O are still selling a problem product? Also,
it’s not easy to connect with iPhone, very slow to find this device from
Bluetooth list.
    Absolutely Awful. The product constantly needs re-pairing to devices,
there's a lag in sound when watching streaming services, they're uncomfortable,
fiddly & massively overpriced. Don't bother. There are far superior products
available. Mine are being returned.
    Not worth it at all. Everyone complains of being unable to hear me when I
make calls with it. Major downgrade from the first generation E8 which lost
sound in the left ear. Sadly, after ordering this, I gave out my H5 which
surpasses all of the E8’s and now I’m left without good sound.
    Worst buy EVER!! Always had B&O products, but his one is totally USELESS!!
It connects, then reconnects, then de-connects, then can't find source... it
will drive you crazy. Anyway, useless, don't buy. I just put a HUGE X on Bang &
Olufsen after years of loyal purchases.Guys, call it a day... you're no more up
to the standards. A shame...
    I only ever listen to Spotify and these sound amazing even if Spotify isn't
the highest bit rate available. These still deliver nice deep bass but also
sound clear at the same time. There's no active noise cancellation but for me
that's a positive as I like to be able to hear my surroundings a little.
Recommended.
    Very good, competent sound quality.  Buds fit well and are easily charged.
Haven't had time to test the battery life, but so far soo good.
    Delivery was ahead of time and well packed. Product is well made and is
everything I thought B&O products Would highly recommend
    Rubbish on highest setting
    The volume level is very low
    Los B&O e8 de tercera generacion, son unos auriculares que se sienten
premium en casi todos los sentidos.Su caja revestida en piel, la calidad de sus
materiales y terminaciones, etc. Aunque lógicamente lo pagas con su alto
precio!.Pero vamos a lo realmente importante: Su calidad de sonido.Es realmente
buena, pero sin ser espectacular. ¿y como es eso?. Bueno, yo definiría su sonido
como cálido y aterciopelado, pero su nitidez no es la mejor del mercado, echo en
falta  más detalles en la música.Si realmente te interesa la calidad del sonido,
entonces te recomiendo los Sennheiser True Wireless 2, que aunque no tienen una
estética tan cuidada, suenan mucho mejor; sonido con más matices, mejor
equilibrio tonal y una escena más amplia, sin desmerecer del todo a estos
E8.Entre estos y los Sennheiser, me quedo con los TW2.
    Il case e’ ben rifinito e si percepisce la qualità dei materiali di
costruzione mentre le cuffie potrebbero essere più ergonomiche.Quello che invece
non mi convince è la qualità del suono che non è così emozionante come ci si
potrebbe aspettare da un prodotto dal costo di 350 euro e poi l’App è piuttosto
essenziale con poche opzioni di modifica del suono.In conclusione si paga per il
marchio blasonato ma poi a livello acustico ci sono prodotti che costano meno
della metà e che rendono meglio.Sinceramente sono tentato a chiedere il reso
    Doesn’t worth the £300
    Der Klang ist so genial. Hatte noch keinen besseren. Der Preis....., naja,
dürfte schon etwas weniger sein. Ich würde mir wünschen, dass die Ersatzgummis
in dem Aufbewahrungs- und Ladeetui integriert wären.Die App funktioniert
einwandfrei mit den Kopfhörern. Allerdings können diese auch ohne App benutzt
werden und funktionieren auch. Ich kann nicht bestätigen was hier teilweise
bzgl. App geschrieben wird.Die Kontaktaufnahme mit dem Support lief auch völlig
Problemlos und schnell.
    Etant un grand amateur de musique et écoutant beaucoup de style différents,
mon principal critère de sélection est avant tout la restitution sonore. Je dois
avouer que le E8 de 3ème génération m'a réellement convaincu !J'utilise ce
casque toute la journée au bureau pour m'isoler du bruit, écouter de la musique
et aussi, point non négligeable, passer des coup de fil professionnels.Donc il
m'arrive de passer presque 7h de suite avec les écouteurs suivant les
jours...Autant vous dire que le confort est très important aussi.J'ai possédé
les sony wf1000-xm3, et les ait vite retourné à cause du confort et de
l'ergonomie. Avec les Beoplay, je n'ai pas rencontré ce souci, ils sont très
confortables et se maintiennent bien dans les oreille. L'ergonomie d'utilisation
est vraiment bien pensée et simple (mention spéciale au mode transparence,
vraiment utile à la maison ou au bureau pour rester vigilant).Niveau son, c'est
presque parfait, les basses sont présentes (même si ce n'est pas un critère
"majeur" comme on peut le lire partout, je ,n'aime pas les BOUM-BOUM), et la
restitution est magnifique. Au dessus du fameux sony je trouve...Les appels
téléphonique sont clairement très bons comparé à ce que j'ai pu vivre avec
d'autres écouteurs true-wireless, à savoir en plus que les deux oreilles étant
indépendantes, il est possible de n'utiliser qu'une oreille sur les deux pour
passer des coups de fils ! Très pratique.L'application en elle même à le mérite
d'exister même si elle ne me sert pas beaucoup.Le prix est élevé mais
étrangement, au vue de la qualité de fabrication, de l'ergonomie, et du plaisir
à l'usage, je ne regrette pas du tout mon achat et le trouve plus justifié que
celui du sony wf1000-xm3 qui me laissant un arrière gout d'inachevé.
    Da audiofilo principianti non posso far altro che tessere le lodi di queste
B&O.La confezione si presenta bene e il case in pelle degli auricolari sprizza
qualità da tutti pori. È molto piccolo e tascabile, ma riesce ad avere la
bellezza di 4 cariche al suo interno, per un totale di 28 ore, che si aggiungono
alle 7 di base degli auricolari.Il suono di queste E8 di terza generazione mi ha
stupito alla grandissima: pulito e dettagliato su tutte le frequenze!Le ho
provate con musica in formato FLAC e sinceramente suonano da dio.Provate anche
con qualche film sulla TV e non noto praticamente nessuna latenza.La connessione
in bluetooth (5.1) é perfettamwbre stabile e di buonissima portata.I comandi
touch funzionano davvero bene. Bastano dei leggerissimi tocchi col
polpastrello.Non c'è il noise cancelling ma vi garantisco che con i giusti
tappini l'isolamento acustico è ottimo, tant'è vero che c'è anche una funzione
da attivare che permette all'occorrenza di sentire meglio i suoni
esterni.L'unica mancanza è una funzione che metta in pausa la musica quando
vengono estratti dall'oreccchio.Suono: 10Comodità: 9Batteria: 9Case:
10Bluetooth: 10
    I have had these for around half a year from the time of writing this
review. Here are my pros/cons:PROS:- Excellent build quality of both the earbuds
and case.- Sound quality is very good, albeit with some caveats - see cons for
details.- Transparency mode is excellent.- Touch controls are responsive 90% of
the time.- Mic quality is excellent.- Very comfortable and stylish.- The battery
lasts for a LONG time. I use them regularly for work and don't charge them
often.CONS:- <s>The worst connectivity of any Bluetooth device that I have ever
tried in my life. End of paragraph.</s> B&O appear to be making software
updates, which are improving connectivity along with other issues over time.-
Sound is a little tinny/fatiguing with some music. My default EQ is less treble
and slightly bass boosted to rectify this.- Sometimes the volume/EQ is different
in each ear upon connection. Moving the EQ point fixes this but only for that
connection.- It can take 10+ seconds to connect sometimes. Not great considering
the price, and other earbuds e.g. Samsung and Google are much more responsive.-
Right ear dependent. You cannot plug in only the left earbud. Not good
considering the price.- App is slow and feature lacking. It also does not load
the previously used EQ config. To save the previous config to load the next time
the earbuds are connected, the preset has to overwrite the default config. The
other profiles are effectively pointless due to this.- Bluetooth V5 but no AptX
HD - relatively minor issue compared to other concerns which need to be
addressed.
    Chi critica questi auricolari lo fa decontestualizzandoli o soltanto per
voler fare un gratuito sfoggio di competenza.E' ovvio che nessun tws può essere
paragonato alle migliori cuffie over ear, ma qui siamo di fronte ad un prodotto
veramente premium, come pochissimi altri.A cominciare dalla qualità e dalla
ricercatezza dei materiali utilizzati per la realizzazione degli auricolari e
della custodia wireless, che, ritengo, non abbiano eguali (tranne, forse, Master
& Dynamic).Il sound è splendido e tipicamente B&O: ampio, dettagliato,
cristallino, equilibrato, mai affaticante.Sicuramente, qualcuno preferisce i
bassi pompati e questi auricolari non fanno per lui, ma nessuno può dire che
sono carenti nei bassi.Certo, non hanno l'anc, ma la cancellazione passiva del
rumore è straordinaria.E poi, quanti sono i tws con l'anc realmente efficace?
Uno: Sony (ma con ben altre criticità).Perfetta ho trovato anche la vestibilità;
ma, in questo caso, parliamo di un argomento assolutamente soggettivo.Infine, il
microfono, anzi, i microfoni: qui, niente di entusiasmante, ma, comunque, buoni,
ottimi se paragonati alla media della concorrenza.In definitiva, il prezzo è
davvero elevato, ma qualche giustificazione credo che ci sia.
    Great sound from Bang & Olufsen. I like bass so these do not disappoint in
that region, but you can use the B&O app to customize the sound to suit your
taste or just use the presets.Transparency mode is great for communicating,
commuting or just so that you can hear background sounds. As the sound is so
good, I have noticed that I am listening at a lower level to music which reduces
ear fatigue.The buds are comfortable once you get the right tips, this takes
some time to set up especially if you have smaller ears.Only one issue that I
had was with pairing, they will connect immediately to the last device
connected, but if you want to use them on multiple devices, iPad, iPhone, laptop
etc, swapping devices can be a bit fiddly. I have also noticed that calls are
not as clear as I would have hoped, but this may improve with the next firmware
update from Bang. Gave 4 stars as I couldn’t give 4.5 and they only lose the
half star as you must upgrade the firmware to get the best performance, current
firmware is 6.
    Geiler Sound...👍Preis zwar vielleicht etwas zu hoch, aber Spaß
kostet...#habe die Kopfhörer zurückgesendet, da Bluetooth nicht mehr
funktioniert.Bei der Erstlieferung ging Bluetooth von Anfang an nicht und wurden
getauscht.Echt schade, aber 350,-€ sind nicht gerade geschenkt....Für den echt
geilen Sound gibt es noch den einen Stern, der Redt geht einfach nicht...
    der sound ist beeindruckend für dieses format - aber - leider nur die ersten
paar stunden. danach lernte ich viel nicht zuletzt beim recherchieren über
verbindungsprobleme, insbesondere des linken kopfhörers. sehr ärgerlich und
enttäuschend in dieser preiskategorie wenn ich meine recherchenstunden und
verbindungsversuche mit meinem stundenlohn verrechne. also schweren herzens, ob
des kurzen akkustischen hochgenusses, wieder zurück an absender geschickt.
schade.
    So disappointed. They have a noticeable hiss/white noise. Very annoying
while playing music quietly or podcasts. I understand that this is common with
true wireless earbuds - but I can't deal with.  (I also purchased & returned the
google pixel buds 2 for the same issue. On top of the noise issue, the latest
firmware was never able to update, despite going through all the troubleshooting
and contacting B&O directly through support. it came with version 5.9.0 and its
supposed to update to 6.1 through the App. THEN a couple days later the left
earbud would not charge at all and stayed at 10%. Returned.
    Der Ton dieser Kopfhörer ist eigentlich sehr gut, solange man
schaumstoffaufsätze benutzt. Für den Preis würde ich sie aber nicht nochmal
kaufen. 200 bis 250 wären ok. Ich würde behaupten dass die Sound Signatur nicht
für jedermann geeignet ist. Es ist eher Fokus auf Höhen und Mitten gelegt. Für
mein Ohr sind die Höhen jedoch etwas zu scharf bei erhöhter Lautstärke, was man
im eq jedoch anpassen kann. Mann kann auch einen anständigen Bass durch den eq
erreichen. Wobei Mitten und Höhen etwas unterdrückt werden was ich persönlich
bevorzuge(zumindest bei diesen Kopfhörern) . Der Sound allgemein könnte jedoch
druckvoller sein. Im großen und ganzen top Kopfhörer, sehr tolles Design, sehr
gute Verarbeitung und tolles Case. Aber das Geld meiner Meinung nach nicht wert
    Returned the productInferior quality and soundHave been a B&O customer for
30 years. Never heard such poor sound quality from your company!!Have
earphones(B&O) for approximately 12 years . The sound quality is much better
than the junk I returned.Not sure if it was really B&O!
    I have owned the new 3rd Gen B&O E8 for over a month. I consume a lot of
social media in the form of podcasts, YouTube videos, and listening to music in
general. I am used to multiple device connections via Bluetooth but the E8s only
support a single-device mode. I have relegated the pairing connection to my
tablet, as this is the device I use for the majority of tasks when working from
home. However, when I need to go mobile using my smartphone, I often struggle to
get the E8s to make the new connection. I have often been caught out by an
unexpected telephone call where I have not been able to use the E8s because of
that poor switching between connections. An additional flaw that should not
happen on premium wireless earphones like these, is the stability and stay-
ability of the earpieces. The E8s do not seem to snagged in-place when used
extendedly, so that I have to readjust their positioning or push them back into
my ear. This is not to do with the size of the silicon earpiece, but rather a
design fault - or perhaps my ears are amorphous! A final annoying technicality
is how the volume Up/Down functions. Each earbud is remarkably sensitive to
touch, so if your fingers are oversized, it is easy to change the volume
adjustment (or other settings like skipping) by mistake. I have no misgivings on
the superior quality of sound output (besides an overarching poor bass), the
remarkable battery life, or the recharging capabilities of the leather pod. My
expectations of B&O are much higher, particularly due to the current pricing
point at $399.00.
    Hardly used them for a month and the left ear bud won’t work . Will turn on,
restart but no sound heard out of it. Has troubles pairing and won’t update to
new software no matter what I try.
    Leider waren die Kopfhörer nicht zu gebrauchen.* Eine Kopplung mit dem Handy
war (wenn überhaupt) nur mit dem linken Kopfhörer möglich. Auch dann war das
Runterladen eines angezeigten Update der Softwareversion nicht möglich.* Die
Batterieanzeige für den linken Kopfhörer war trotz mehrmaligem und längerem
Aufladen (auch nur aus dem Case heraus) immer nur 10%.Ich habe die Kopfhörer
wieder zurückgegeben, in diesem zustand sind diese nur teurer Schrott.
    Der Klang ist top, wenn sie mal gut sitzen. Aber auch nicht besser als bei
anderen Geräten. Bei versehentlichen Berührungen werden die Teile leise und
lassen sich nur über die App wieder laut stellen. Ich fand sie doof.
Rückabwicklung lief vorbildlich, wie man es von Amazon kennt.
    The only con: they discharge in an uneven way, and the memory foam fittings
are just a single opt (not good for sports fans).Pros: incredible sound, much
better than the Sennheiser competition.
    They sound great, the controls are easy to use, but i dont find them
comfortable.  You really have to push them in your ear to get them to stay.  i
have tried the extra attachments, but still the same.
    - Software totaler Müll. Verlieren immer wieder das Paring zum Gerät und
müssen jedes Mal neu miteinander gekoppelt werden (jedenfalls beim iPhone) und
nun blinken sie nur noch rot und gehen gar nicht mehr zu verbinden.- Lautstärke
zu gering ( was jeder evtl. anders empfindet )
    Ich wollte diese Kopfhörer eigentlich für den Sport nutzen. Leider sind die
In-Ear Einsätze für meine Ohren sehr unangenehm und sorgen für Störgeräusche
beim Bewegen des Kiefers. Nach einer Zeit tun sie mir auch weh im Ohr.Daher habe
ich sie zurückgeschickt. Der Ton war ok, aber sind halt auch nur Bluetooth
Kopfhörer mit einem Kompromiss aus Akkulaufzeit und Ton.
    Great ear buds. Nice design easy fit and great sound. I’ve found it very
easy to pair in Bluetooth.
    Bin rundum zufrieden!Die edle Qualität eines echtleder case gibt es nur bei
bang and olafsen aber das lassen sie sich halt bezahlen
    Incredibili, uniche, niente o mai sentito suonare come questi auricolari
    Belli dal suono stupendo. Consigliato.
    Die besten Kopfhörer
    J'ai eu les 2 précédents exemplaires et ceux ci sont plus ergonomiques et
tiennent mieux la charge.Mais de tous les modèles je préfère de loin les Jabra
elite 75h !
    Leider sehr schlechter Klang und viel zu leise.Um den Preis hätte ich was
anderes erwartet ,auch mit der App wurden sie vom Klang her besser. Echt schade
den das Design war sehr schön und sie waren auch sehr angenehm zu tragen.
    Toller in war Kopfhörer mit langer Hördauer
    Love the sound quality but needs to be pushed inside constantly so had to
get foams to make it fit better
    Duración de batería sin igual, controles táctiles muy buenos.
    Die sind Geld nicht wert. Wenn man die vergleicht mit den Apple AirPods Pro
dann liegen da Welten. Schicke die B&O E8 3gen.  Zurück
    Tolles Teil und entspricht meinen Erwartungen. Toller Klang. Verbindung
klappt hervorragend. Edles Design und hochwertig.
    Disaster shipping
    Sound is good but nothing special. Comfort could be better, after 20-30
minutes of listening, ears starts to hurt.
    Excellent and fast kargo
    Meravigliose
    J'ai toujours adoré B&O et là, ils m'offrent la gamme au dessus. Le design
n'a pas changé, on aurait aimé en un peu plus discret. Mais au niveau du son et
de sa charge, c'est un cran au-dessus. Je suis très satisfait.
    Llego sin el plástico la caja , los audífonos en el estuche y sin el cable
usb
    Todo excelente
    Love it
    Sound quality was poor for the price although they look cool
    Sehr schwache Tonqualität für den Preis und von BO
    Bon son et très bonne résistance en écoute
    Bang and Olufsen make high end audio equipment, but it is also beautifully
designed. Unfortunately there really isn't much fancy design you can put into a
set of earbuds so these are fairly generic looking apart from a fairly subtle
B&O on each bud. So into the review proper1. Sound quality - really quite good,
however it's not as good as decent set of head cans (I've got some Sony ones and
the sound quality is a better suit for my taste). You can play around with the
equalizer on your phone using the B&O application (if you can get it to detect
your buds, it took several times initially and still sometimes doesn't connect
even when I've connected the buds to my phone). Overall positive.2. Looks - they
are buds so as stated earlier there wasn't much that could be done to them
really. The case looks nice, but it's just looks like a jewelry box for a pair
of earrings to be honest. Yes it's leather, but it could just as easily be PVC
or something else, subtle B&O logo on the top otherwise it's fairly generic.3.
Noise Cancelling - we have what is called passive noise cancelling, but that it
simply noise being blocked by the buds being in your ears, what we used to call
noise isolation. It's not bad, especially when you find a set of ends that work
for you, I'm currently using the memory foam ones and they are quite comfortable
and do remove lots of outside noise, not as good as Active Noise Isolation
though and it can be fitted in buds this size.4. Surroundings - you can let the
buds let some/all of the external noise in. It's interesting if you are working
in an office, you can press the left bud and it will let some/all of the
external noise in to allow normal conversations to take place. It works quite
well to be honest and sounds very natural.5. Voice - your voice quality on calls
is quite good, the mics in the headphones do a good job of picking up you and
sending it down the phone.6. Battery life - appears to be pretty good to be
honest. The stated battery life of 8 hours looks to be about on and the case
acts as a battery so you can charge during the day if needed. I like that the
case takes a USB C to charge.7. Connectivity - utilises Bluetooth 5.1 and I've
had no problems getting them to pair with anything. Phone/PC/External bluetooth
transmitter all were fine. The only problem was getting the B&O app on my phone
to connect initially and occasionally afterwards.Overall - nice product,
delivering good sound at a premium price
    Top au niveau de la finition et du son
    Bonne qualité et finitions mais la gestion du micro reste problématique.
Impossible d’avoir  une conversation téléphonique... Je l’ai renvoyé.
    Perso
    Qualche info velocemente:Bang & Olufsen è un'azienda danese che produce
apparecchi hi-fi audio e televisori. Un'azienda che non è certo nuova, forse
meno conosciuta e commerciale, ma sicuramente apprezzata nel mondo dell''alta
fedeltà. Il design, il concept di molti prodotti è facilmente riconducibile al
brand.Il concetto che segue per importanza quello del brand, è il mercato di
riferimento. Potremmo dire che queste Beoplay E8 siano dirette concorrenti delle
AirPods di Apple, ma non sarebbe del tutto corretto. Conosciamo bene
l'ecosistema Apple, design ricercato ed esclusivo ma soprattutto una serie di
funzionalità ed integrazioni che avvicinano sempre più l'uomo al device. Hanno
una buona resa audio ma non sono sicuramente le cuffie hi-fi di riferimento nel
segmento. E' giusto quindi confrontarle se vogliamo parlare di top di gamma, di
guerra tra titani, in questo senso le Beoplay vanno ad aggredire i vertici di
questa classifica dei migliori auricolari disponibili. In breve le
caratteristiche della 3a generazione di E8.📢✅ Fino a 35 ore di riproduzione✅
Dimensioni più compatte, più versatilità✅ Clear call clarify (microfoni
migliorati)✅ Bluetooth 5.1* | Qualche problema su P20 Lite✅ I codec AAC e
Qualcomm aptX™Spesso sentirete parlare di aptX, una famiglia di codec a sorgente
chiusa di cui Qualcomm detiene i diritti. Sono utilizzati in diversi
dispositivi, e troverete sicuramente altri auricolari supportati. Sono
utilizzati per la compressione dell'audio digitale. E' chiaro che oltre le
premesse e le caratteristiche tecniche, le aspettative verso questi auricolari
siano davvero tante. Onestamente, ho iniziato a testare il prodotto quando non
si conosceva il prezzo, e non cercai informazioni, semplicemente iniziai a
testare le Beoplay.Le piccole per così dire E8, si presentano molto bene.Il case
è forse tra i più belli visti fin'ora, direi insieme alle JAM Live Free.
Rifinito, solido, con il logo inciso al centro. La cromatura, o meglio la
cornice cromata che segna la chiusura dello sportello è davvero bella, a
contrasto di questo nero opaco e di questa sensazione di finta pelle morbida.
Anche l'interno è ben realizzato e la luce LED visibile  quanto basta. I
dettagli ci sono tutti e ovviamente gli auricolari non sono da meno.La stabilità
è in generale un fattore molto personale, ma devo dire che le Beoplay sono
abbastanza stabili. Non siamo al top in questo senso, ma non voglio essere
troppo critico su una caratteristica così personale. Allo stesso modo bisogna
essere onesti; non sono cuffie da sport, da metropolitana, da uso frenetico. Chi
vuole portare con sé la propria musica ed ascoltarla in movimento avrà bisogno
di maggior stabilità, sacrificando la qualità audio in favore di maggior
sicurezza, gesture e controlli touch di altro tipo; immagino TicPods 2 ma anche
le Jabra Elite 75t, più economiche ma che offrono comunque una grande qualità in
audio e chiamate, senza dover spendere queste cifre.Aspetti PRO:✅ Qualità Audio
davvero elevata✅ Packaging, qualità costruttiva✅ Cura del dettaglio: case e
auricolari davvero ben fatti✅ Miglior qualità Audio testata su auricolariNon ci
sono dubbi nel dire che questi siano tra i migliori auricolari per qualità
Audio.Il primo punto è quello del bilanciamento del Sound, con una impostazione
EQ neutra la musica è godibile a tutti i volumi, in ogni genere o traccia si
tira sempre fuori un'esperienza di ascolto di alto livello. Nei diversi test
eseguiti ho spaziato tra; Pink Floyd, Kate Bush, per poi passare a Progressive
House e Techno Minimal. La qualità dei bassi è molto buona e la risposta de gli
auricolari a un boost delle medio-basse frequenze è notevole.Le medie e basse
frequenze risultano equilibrate, non c'è mai quella sensazione di suono
ovattato, tipico di moltissimi prodotti audio di fascia anche discreta. Per
godere al massimo dell'esperienza di ascolto bisogna utilizzare l'EQ in maniera
che sia coerente con quello che stiamo ascoltando. Sulle alte frequenze bisogna
andarci più cauti, sopratutto su tracce dove c'è molta voce. La scena è
corretta, gli strumenti sono ben posizionati anche nelle fasi più ritmiche, si
riescono a distinguere le fonti in maniera credibile. Questo aspetto nello
specifico si può valutare solo se andrete ad ascoltare Album che conoscete a
memoria, e che avete avuto il piacere di ascoltare su prodotti Hi-Fi. La
profondità del sound e la ricchezza dei dettagli è davvero notevole nonostante
la grandezza dell'altoparlante, e forse è questa l'arma vincente in queste E8 di
3a generazione.➖ Gran prodotto ma APP insufficientePunto debole di queste Bang &
Olufsen è in primis l'APP, almeno quella Android.Un APP assolutamente
insufficiente, salvata solo dal fatto che l'EQ sia molto reattivo, diciamo
utilizzabile in tempo reale. Ma è non è un aspetto esclusivo. Due problemi tra
l'altro curiosi; il primo è che nonostante le E8 siano connesse al telefono,
aprendo l'APP, questa richiede un tap aggiuntivo per poi entrare nel menù
principale.Il secondo problema è legato all'aggiornamento del firmware,
l'installazione guidata è veramente poco guidata. Non ci sono informazioni
precise e si esegue l'update con ansia. L'aspetto poi grafico del software è
pessimo, stona completamente col prodotto. Voglio considerarli comunque
dettagli, perchè superato l'ostacolo del firmware, si entra solo per sistemare
l'EQ, gestire la Trasparency Mode e poco altro.Per concludere: prodotto di
altissimo livello, non ho dubbi che alcune tracce ascoltate su queste E8 di 3a
generazione godranno di nuova linfa. Il prezzo elevato però, rapportato a un
comparto accessori inesistente (base di ricarica extra a 120€ circa), e un'app
da prodotto chip, non mi fanno andare oltre le 3 stelle complessive. Questo non
toglie comunque meriti e non cambia quello che è il mio giudizio complessivo,
ovvero che queste sono al momento le migliori true wireless testate insieme alle
Jabra Elite 75t.
    The product comes nicely packaged with a charging case and a usb cable to
top up its batteries. Unfortunately, for me, things went downhill from there.The
layout of the instruction book could be improved as each diagram is followed by
multiple pages in different languages, rather than all of the English
instructions being together on one page.It is also rather short on detail and I
found myself having to browse online videos for help.The headphones themselves
are rather bulky and I had to change the prefitted rubber tips to get a good
fit, even then they felt heavy in my ears. That's once I actually managed to get
them in my ears.Selecting left and right is not made any easier by the fact that
the letters L and R are embossed in tiny letters on the back of each
earpiece.Once I had the correct pod for each ear, it required some practice
getting them correctly seated. Usually it was a matter of orienting the B&O logo
in an upright position, tilting backwards slightly, inserting, then rotating
forward to seat. I still cannot just pop them in.Bluetooth pairing was also an
awkward experience as my phone picked up two instances of Beoplay and it was not
immediately obvious which I should use.After a couple of abortive attempts, I
reset the earphones to factory defaults and tried again.I manage to pair them
once with my LG TV but they didn't work for long and soon failed to deliver any
sound.I fared better with my phone, eventually, and the connection, once made
remained stable.The stop/start control works fine with YouTube and Netflix but
has a habit of operating  when I'm trying to adjust the volume. Speaking of
volume, the output from my mobile is rather quiet at times.All in all, the sound
quality is acceptable but I find the controls a little awkward and the weight of
the units is intrusive.Having regarded B&O as aspirational hifi kit since my
teens, I have to admit that , for me, the hype does not merit the price tag.
    Eigentlich wollte ich ja schreiben "Unendliche Weiten", aber das hätten nur
die Trekkies verstanden. Deshalb eben auch "Völlig neue Definition von Klang und
Klarheit". Denn was die neue Version der E8 Reihe bietet, ist in der Tat
gewaltig. Ich habe selten (!) eine so hohe Auflösung, eine solche Klangtiefe
erlebt wie bei den E8 V.3 Da kommen auch viele Kopfhörer nicht mehr mit. Die
Unterschiede zu den Vorgängerversionen ist aber nur im Innenleben zu finden. In
Sachen Optik hat sich nicht viel verändert. In kleinen Details vielleicht, das
ja. Aber in Sachen Technik ist die Version 3 ein großer Sprung im Vergleich zur
V2. Von der ersten Version brauchen wir gar nicht zu sprechen. denn die ist
meilenweit zurück und völlig abgehängt.Die Akkulaufzeit ist mit 7 Stunden
angegeben und das Ladecase hat ebenfalls ein Update in Sachen Akkulaufzeit
erhalten. Man kommt jetzt über 30 Stunden aus, ohne sich verzweifelt nach einer
Steckdose umsehen zu müssen. Das Case kann über USB-C, sowie wireless geladen
werden. Die Bedienung der InEars über die Touchfelder ist mehr als simpel und
spricht auf beiden Seiten exakt an. Wie bei allen InEars gilt aber auch hier: In
Ruhe die verschiedenen Ohrstöpsel ausprobieren und dabei Zeit lassen. Denn in 9
von 10 Fällen, in denen sich Leute über den dünnen, blechernen Bass beschweren,
liegt es nicht an den InEars, sondern schlicht an den falschen Ohrstöpseln. Mit
nicht richtig sitzenden Ohrstöpseln würde selbst die Trompete Gabriels klingen
wie eine Fuvuzela aus Plastik... Also - in Ruhe und mit Geduld probieren, dann
klappt es auch mit dem Bass.Aber - da meine Rezension nicht klingen soll wie
eine bezahlte Hurratüte... Es gibt auch ein paar Punkte, die nicht so der Hit
sind. In diesem Preissegment sollte ANC (aktvive Geräuschunterdrückung )
Standard sein. B&O hat großzügig drauf verzichtet. Die passive
Geräuschunterdrückung ist gut, keine Frage. Aber der aufgerufene Preis auch...
Dann die Ohrstöpsel. Andere Hersteller machen das seit Langem vor: Die Stöpsel
sauber nach Größen in wiederverschliessbaren Blistern sortiert; schön
übersichtlich. B&O hat auch darüber hinweggesehen und alle Stöpsel in eine
kleine Plastiktüte gestopft. Das ist armselig. Bei einem InEar Set, das 25.-
Euro kostet, kann man das erwarten. In dieser Preisklasse sollte sich der
Hersteller mehr Mühe geben. Eine detaillierte Gebrauchsanweisung bzw.
Beschreibung hat man sich auch gespart. In der App wird alles erklärt, aber es
soll tatsächlich noch Menschen geben, die sich - bevor sie etwas auspacken und
wild drauflos drücken, schieben und ziehen - das Manual durchlesen möchten.
Diese Punkte sind umso trauriger, als dass man sie locker hätte anders - besser
- machen können.Abschließend aber noch einmal zum Wichtigsten an der Sache. Der
Klang. Dazu möchte ich aber vorher noch sagen, dass ich NICHT audiophil bin.
Also keiner von den "Besserhörern", die bei einer Aufnahme bemängeln, dass der
Ärmel des Cellisten links vom Dirigenten bei jedem Strich mit dem Bogen seinen
Ärmel leicht berührt und dass dies die gesamte Aufnahme ruiniert. Zumindest
glauben diese Leute dass sie das hören... Egal. Ich bin nur jemand der sehr viel
Musik hört, Podcasts, Hörspiele und - Musik 😊 Und als ich die E8 zum ersten Mal
gehört habe, war ich fast erschrocken. Im positiven Sinn! Das Klare im Ton, die
feinen und feinsten Abstufungen, die Klangtiefe und die akustische Weite, die
hier geboten werden, ist gigantisch. Dabei ist es egal was man hört. Ob Rock,
R&B, Klassik, Techno, Elektro, Trance, Country und, und, und... Die E8 geben
einem jedes Mal das Gefühl, etwas Neues zu hören. Damit meine ich, dass man auch
Musik, die man schon lange kennt, völlig neu entdecken wird. Dabei bleibt es
immer bei ein - und derselben Stabilität im Sound. Tiefbass, Bass, Mitten und
Höhen - die gesamte Badewannengrafik -  es bricht nichts aus und es klirrt
nichts. Perfektion! Es gibt in der App auch eine recht einfache Möglichkeit,
verschiedene Klangprofile auszuwählen. Hier gilt: Ausprobieren und dann bei dem
Sound bleiben, der einem am besten gefällt.Die InEars an sich haben sich
definitiv 5 Sterne verdient. Aber die von mir angesprochenen Punkte sind
schwerwiegend genug um einen Stern abzuziehen. Das ist schade, aber - wie ich
denke - nur fair.
    Les + :- Rendu sonore riche, précis et bien maîtrisé ; la personnalisation
des réglages sonores est possible via l’application Beoplay.- Fabrication
soignée : style très épuré comme on en a l’habitude avec cette marque suédoise,
finitions haut de gamme jusque dans le boitier en cuir de transport/chargement,
très luxueux.- Résistants à l’eau : certifiés IPX4 ; donc pas de crainte quand
il pleut ou lors de la pratique sportive.- Confortables : 5 paires d’embouts
sont fournies avec afin de s’adapter au mieux à toutes les morphologies intra-
auriculaires. En plus ils sont très légers (5,8g par écouteurs) donc ne
gênent/pèsent pas après une écoute longue durée.- Faciles à utiliser : appairage
facile avec le téléphone, boutons tactiles directement sur les oreillettes très
réactifs. En revanche il faut s’habituer un peu à toutes les commandes
(play/pause, plage précédente/suivante, décrocher/raccrocher un appel… en
fonction du nombre et de la durée de clics)- autonomie très intéressante :
annoncée jusqu’à 35H d’écoute (!) en réalité ce sont 7h d’autonomie d’une traite
pour les écouteurs, mais 35h sans avoir à recharger la boite de transport ;
cette boite offre 4 rechargements additionnels des écouteurs de 7h chacun donc
mis bout à bout on trouve les 35H. C’est une évolution majeure vs la génération
2.0 des E8 qui offrait autour de 15H max.Le - :- Gros bémol : toujours pas de
réduction de bruit active (ANC) ; pour moi vu le prix de vente (350€) c’est
assez limite donc cela coûte une étoile à mon évaluation. Dans le même niveau de
gamme (et à un prix inférieur) les Sony WF-1000XM3 proposent cette
fonctionnalité ; en échange de quoi les E8 sont beaucoup plus compactes et ont
une meilleure autonomie… Il faudra donc prioriser entre les fonctionnalités
préférées.
    I must be the only person on here not clicking on five starsOkay, so maybe
I’m not the person this is aimed at. I’m guessing it’s supposed to offer a bunch
of things but let’s cut all the blah blah blah out shall we? I feel like you pay
so much for a pretty box, pretty packaging and an app that I was advised to
download and didn’t need to use.I walk to work and it takes around 40 minutes.
So I use headphones a lot. I want clear sound and I want it loud so on rainy
windy days I can blast my favourite songs and zone out.At first I was impressed,
like I said it comes in very luxury packaging the little box to keep them in is
very luxury and a step up from my amazon basics In the look at feel. It’s
supposed to me touch sensitive and basically solve all my problems. And when I
checked on the price for these I thought they better solve crime and world
hunger.The problem is I just don’t really like them. The sound is clear yes, but
so are my amazon basics one. So are the ear phones that came with my phone! The
actual ear phones keep sliding out while wearing them (they do come with
different size rubber thingies) and when I went to press them in I’d end up
accidentally pausing the song!The ear phones (are these even classed as ear
phones) are good. They’re just not that good! I didn’t need the app and the cute
box gets shoved in my bag and when I’m dancing around in the dark with them I
can hear myself singing and I don’t need to know how bad I sound.I’m not saying
they’re bad. I like the cute packaging and luxury feel to everything. if you’re
into the brand and treating yourself great, go for it. I’m just saying you can
get the same thing for a lot cheaper. Also, I need buttons. I like knowing what
I’m pressing. Just cause it can be touch screen doesn’t mean it shouldI’ll be
sticking with by amazing basicsOh, what I liked too was the charger cable size.
It’s a lot longer than most usb chargers I’ve seen lately and I really like that
    This latest version of the Beoplay E8 series from Bang & Olufsen (3rd
generation) are absolutely fantastic, and among the best headphones or earphones
I have used, after decades of owning and reviewing many top-brand models.The
earphones arrive in a smart white box, with the case and each earphone held
smartly in foam cut-outs. The package includes a charging cable (USB-C into the
charging case, which can also be charged wirelessly), and 5 eartip options.
These options are 4 different sized rubber sets, plus a medium sized set of the
premium brand ‘Comply’ tips. There is also a user full, simple set of
instructions for using the touch controls on each earphone.For the uninitiated,
the crucial thing when setting up new in-ear ‘phones is to find the right fit
for your ear canal. This makes all the difference between tinny sound, as you’d
get with a cheap set from a garage, and top-end sound. I experimented for a few
minutes and settled on the largest rubber tips, which ensured a strong seal in
my ear canal.With the right tips fitted and inserted, I was utterly blown away
by the sound quality: a wide sound stage, with clear separation of instruments,
plenty of bass without it becoming overpowering, and crystal clear vocals. It
really felt I was in the studio with old favourites for headphone testing, such
as Fleetwood Mac, Dire Straits and Donald Fagen. I heard new dimensions and new
clarity to songs and albums I have enjoyed for many years, across the full
spectrum from classical piano, to contemporary pop, jazz and hard rock. These
earphones are a miracle of miniaturisation.Sound can be altered easily through
the accompanying smartphone app, which is minimalist in design but perfectly
functional.I am very fond of the Apple/Beats ‘PowerBeats Pro’ earphones for use
out and about without compromising sound quality, and the Beoplay E8 knock the
PowerBeats Pro into a cocked hat on sound quality. The Beoplay E8 earphones
offer passive rather than active noise cancelling, but the strong seal and wide
soundstage combine to provide much of the effect of noise cancellation, and
passed the test for me on buses, in a noisy office and with a TV on nearby. You
feel rather annoyed when you have to leave the music beyond and rejoin the
world!The other miracle of miniaturisation here is the battery life 7 hours of
use, with a total of 35 hours before the case itself needs recharging. If you
are using the earphones for calls, audiobooks or podcasts, you can of course use
one at a time to create almost infinite battery life.The touch controls take a
little mastering, with different controls available from the right and left
earphones, but I soon got the hang of them, and enjoyed ‘transparency’ option
which lets you temporarily rejoin the world around you to confirm whether
something important is going on.With Bluetooth 5.1, the range is excellent and I
was able to move around a whole floor of a good sized home, and between rooms,
without losing connection.Phone calls were, in my testing, crystal clear at both
ends, and it’s easy to accept and end calls with the touch controls.The charging
case looks and feels high end, with a leather finish and subtle latch mechanism.
The earphones return to their homes inside the case with a reassuring magnetic
click.If I had one reservation it is simply that, while the earphones fit well,
they are not designed for use in any kind of sport or anything involving
vigorous head movement. These earphones will however stay in happily as you sit
still, indulging in music, or walk about your home or office listening to audio,
or making calls - again, as long as you find the right ear tip size.Overall I am
blown away by the most important feature of these earphones, the audio quality.
The Beoplay E8s will not disappoint, and will become your go-to earphones. To my
ears they also hold their own against premium over-the-models from Philips,
Bose, Beats and others, with the great convenience of living in a case small
enough to go in your jeans pocket. This is a top quality package, and I am happy
to give my highest recommendation without any hesitation.
    At almost $500, these are some expensive earbuds. They are however,
unquestionably, without a doubt, the very best truly wireless earbuds I have
ever used. The TL;DR of this review is, if you are in the market for the best
wireless earbuds on the market and damn the expense, buy these. You will not
regret it. But, for many people who cannot justify the price tag, there are lots
of less expensive alternatives that are close enough at a much lower cost.I am
no stranger to wireless earbuds. I have reviews for several here on Amazon, and
I have been using wireless headphones of different varieties extensively for
years. Each set had some kind of compromise. These Beoplay buds do not. They are
pretty much perfect in every way, considering the current limitations of
technology (mainly batteries).The sound quality is excellent. I will be the
first to say, it is mostly podcasts and audio books I listen to, but music
sounds equally impeccable with these. There is "enough" on the lows, and highs
are perfectly clear at all volumes. Using the B&O app, you have access to an
equalizer, but I have not put much effort into that beyond a basic tryout.There
are four big stand out features here:#1 and most important to me: Battery life.
There are 7 hours (SEVEN HOURS!) of life in the buds, which you can double by
only using one at a time, as I often do, and up to 4 more charges for BOTH buds
in the case. That is SEVENTY HOURS of listening time if you use one bud at a
time, or 35 if using both. That is almost double the life of the best buds I've
tried so far, and more than 4 times as long as most others. This is HUGE.#2 -
The microphone is the best I have seen on a pair of wireless earbuds. The make
technical claims about beamforming and what have you, I don't care. What I care
about it, it WORKS. Clear as a bell to the person on the other end of a call,
and I don't even have to speak up at all. Conversational volume as though I were
holding my phone, and they hear me the same.#3 - Touch buttons instead of
physical buttons. I wasn't sure how I would like this, because if they are too
sensitive, or not sensitive enough, this can ruin the whole experience. B&O seem
to have found the exact right balance, because it just works. I have hit the
button by accident once when putting the bud back in the case, starting my book
playing again, but only once in a couple of weeks of using them multiple times a
day.#4 - "Transparency Mode". I have never heard of this previously, and I don't
know if other manufacturers are doing something similar. I will say however, it
works perfectly. This allows you to hear what's going on around you with great
clarity while not taking the buds out. I don;t know how it works and I don't
care. It does work, and well.Overall, what I said up top is the crux. Want the
best earbuds around, with no compromises on sound and call quality, battery
life, features, and overall cool factor? Buy these. Want something "close
enough" but at a lower price? Jaybird makes some good alternatives for around
half the price, still not cheap, but significantly less than these, and better
than the truly cheap alternatives that I wouldn't cross the street for.
    🟥 🟧 🟨 🟩 🟦🥃 PREMESSA: 🥃🟥 🟧 🟨 🟩 🟦Recensisco questo prodotto in maniera onesta
ed imparziale e senza alcun condizionamento, per aiutare nella valutazione gli
utenti Amazon che vorranno acquistarlo, poiché non c'è miglior supporto
all'acquisto di una recensione onesta ed esaustiva frutto dell’esperienza
personale. Io stesso acquisto solo ed esclusivamente dopo aver letto i pareri
degli utenti. Le foto incluse sono state da me scattate.🟥 🟧 🟨 🟩 🟦 🟪 🟫🟥 🟧 🟨📦
CONTENUTO CONFEZIONE: 📦🟥 🟧 🟨 🟩 🟦 🟪 🟫🟥 🟧 🟨- Cuffie true wireless Bang & Olufsen
beoplay terza generazione con custodia di ricarica- Cavo di ricarica USB A - USB
C- Gommini di ricambio per padiglioni auricolari- Istruzioni🟥 🟧 🟨 🟩 🟦 🟪 🟫🟥 🟧 🟨🚫
TEST E CONSIDERAZIONI:  🚫🟥 🟧 🟨 🟩 🟦 🟪 🟫🟥 🟧 🟨Parto subito col dire che ho provato
e sto tutt'ora provando nel tempo decine di auricolari/cuffie true wireless,
dalle samsung galaxy buds, alle sony WX1000, passando per le live jam, bose 700,
umi wireless diversi modelli e jabra T75.Queste Bang & Olufsen sono
semplicementei migliori aricolari true wireless a livello audio, non hanno
rivali sia per le frequenze alte che per quelle basse, con audio in formato FLAC
ogni pezzo che ho già sentito mi sembrava diverso. Impressionante che da cuffie
così piccole possa uscire un suono così corposo nei dettagli e nell'estensione
di frequenze, anche rapportate alle buds fanno faville a parità di brano (c'è
anche da dire che costano il triplo abbondante).A livello telefonico sono ottimi
ottimo, nel senso che nelle chiamate si sente perfettamente l'audio
dell'interlocutore, anche all'aperto e con rumore ambientale e l'interlocutore
sente perfettamente la vostra voce, direi alla pari delle galaxy buds come bontà
dell'audio in chiamata.Sporgono leggermente dalle orecchie e sono un pò più
bombate delle solite cuffiette economiche. I comenadi touch sui padiglioni
auricolari hanno un tocco immediato e preciso e si può alzare il volume e
mandare avanti ed indietro le tracce, oltre ad avviare l'assistente vocale
tenendo premuto sul padiglione e rispondere alle chiamate, il tutto in maniera
rapida e senza impuntamenti.L'app proprietaria di contro è abbastanza scarna
nelle funzioni, l'equalizzatore è ben fatto e selezionabile facilmente
semplicemente tappando in una specie di bolla che propone diverse tipologie di
equalizzazione, si può anche aggiornare il software delle cuffie via app e
l'aggiornamento è immediato e veloce, appena collegato sono subito state
aggiornate con nuovo software di gennaio 2020 e tra download, installazione e
riavvio hanno richiesto circa 7-8 minuti totali. Si può anche attivare la
funzione che amplifica i rumori ambientali grazie ai microfoni di cui sono
dotati questi auricolari.Il cavo di tipo C fornito in confezione è ottimo perchè
potrete inserirlo nella custodia di ricarica da entrambi i lati senza
controllare il verso, ottimo per questo genere di prodotti.Gli auricolari hanno
una custodia che le carica completamente per ben 4 volte totali, al massimo si
arriva attorno alle 35 ore di ascolto (a seconda del genere di musica e dal
volume di ascolto. Io personalmente non sono mai andato oltre alle 5 ore totali
di riproduzione con singola carica, dubito riescano ad arrivare a 7 ore ogni
ricarica.Collegate a Galaxy Note 10 che ha il bluetooth 5.0 sono fenomenali,
questi auricolari dispongono di bluetooth 5.1 ancora meno energivoro del 5.0 e
con portata sulla carta più elevata.Quando le riponete nella custodia la
riproduzione si stoppa e parte la ricarica, ma per auricolari che costano queste
cifre la mancanza della funzione di stop quando vengono tolte dalle orecchie è
abbastanza grave a mio avviso. Ad ogni modo nella custodia sono stabilissime e
anche se la muovete e la agitate la ricarica continua senza problemi e gli
auricolari non si spostano dalla sede come accade con cuffie di marchio
importante della concorrenza.Astuccio abbastanza retrò nell'estetica in pelle
nera e soggetto ad usura precoce durante l'uso giornaliero, se non altro non
sono il solito plasticone che si vede in giro, custodia molto personale e
riconoscinbile.🟥 🟧 🟨 🟩 🟦 🟪🔹 CONCLUSIONI:🔹🟥 🟧 🟨 🟩 🟦 🟪350 euro tondi tondi ad
inizio marzo 2020 sono un peezzo esorbitante a mio avviso, ma se cercate il
meglio del true wireless a livello sonoro queste non le batte nessuno e vanno
forte anche sulla parte telefonica come auricolari bluetooth per le chiamate,
connubio difficile da trovare con gli auricolari true wireless.Grazie per la
letturaStefano
    💚 Autonomie💚 Qualitée audio💚 Embouts pour toute les tailles.❌ Pas de
réduction active de bruit❌ Ne se met pas en pause quand on l'enlève❌ Pas
d’assistant vocal❌ ApplicationDans une jolie boîte, on trouve les écouteurs, la
boîte de transport, un câble USB-C ainsi que trois tailles d'embouts
supplémentaires et un paire d'embout à mémoire de forme taille M.Le nombre
d’embouts fournis avec est une des grandes qualitées de l'appareil. Les
écouteurs ne tiennent dans l'oreille que par l'embout, ce dernier joue bien
évidemment sur le confort mais aussi sur la qualité du son. Un bon sceau au
niveau de l'oreille évitera au son de fuir, en améliorera la qualitée et
diminuera le bruit ambiant. Avoir un large panel de choix pour trouver l'embout
qui convient à la forme de son oreille est un gros plus pour le consommateur et
participe grandement à l'expérience. Surtout que ces écouteurs n’ont pas de
réduction active de bruit, ce qui dommage surtout pour le prix, donc avoir une
bonne isolation avec l'embout est primordial.La connection se fait tout
simplement : on place les écouteurs quelques secondes dans le boitier avant de
les sortir pour les mettre en marche. Ils apparaissent dans les appareils
bluetooth et il suffit de se connecter à un des deux pour appairer les deux en
même temps. La connection bluetooth est restée solide et la compatibilité aux
dernières normes y est pour beaucoup.La qualitée du son est très bonne, un peu
trop claire par défaut à mon goût, mais présente des basses surprenantes pour la
taille de l’appareil. On peut ajuster le son de manière un peu bancale mais
intuitive via l’application. Il n’y a pas d’égaliseur mais on peut varier le son
selon des réglages pour le rendre plus chaud, clair, relax etc… C’est très
limité mais c'est toujours mieux d'avoir un peu de contrôle sur le son que pas
du tout. Via l'application on peut aussi déterminer la quantité de son que l'on
laisse passer en mode passthrough. Par défaut les écouteurs laissent passer tout
le son ambiant et coupent la musique. Il faut passer par l'application pour
avoir du son ambiant et de la musique en même temps, pour aller courir et
entendre des véhicules par exemple. L'application en générale n'est pas très
terrible et a perdu la connection aux écouteurs à plusieurs reprises alors que
le téléphone était toujours connecté.L’interface tactile est réactive,
fonctionne bien quand on retient les gestes. En revanche, c'est très facile de
faire une fausse manipulation quand on veut simplement réajuster les écouteurs
dans ses oreilles, il faut bien prendre garde à ne pas toucher la zone
tactile.Le son est bon, la connectivité aussi, l'autonomie est excellente.
Cependant il est difficile de recommander ces écouteurs à leur prix de sortie
(350€ prix officiel), non pas pour ce qu'ils font car il le font bien, mais ce
qu'ils ne font pas. On n’a pas de réduction active de bruit, pas de moyen
d'utiliser un assistant vocal, type siri, google assistant ou alexa. Les
écouteurs ne se mettent pas en pause automatiquement quand on les enlèvent. Des
options que l'on voit apparaître sur des écouteurs trois fois moins cher. Le son
lui même ne vaut pas la différence de prix avec la concurrence. Le cuir
véritable de l'étui, en plus de ne pas être dans l'air du temps, n'apporte rien
de plus que de gonfler le prix des écouteurs, au détriment de fonctions
auxquelles on s'attend en 2020.À prendre si on aime l'esthétique, mais pour le
prix il manque trop de choses dans un marché de plus en plus compétitif.
    I usually use headphones as I generally don't find earbuds comfortable but I
really want to find some good earbuds to take travelling with me.Appearance -
the earbuds and the case are minimalist and stylish. I love the subtlety of the
logo. The case is very well designed and compact. It reminds me of a fancy
contact lens case!Fit - I have a terrible time with earbuds and I love that you
get a selection of tips in the box. I found a tip that did generally fit me well
but not perfectly. If you have small ears like me you might still have some
issues with these. They are certainly better than other earbuds I have tried but
I don't think I will be able to wear them for too long. I definitely won't be
throwing away my headphones.Sound - I thought the sound was very good (both
music and voice). I am not sure it is that much better than my headphones but I
listened to a range of genres and was very impressed.Ease of use/connectivity -
they are very easy to set up and I had no issues with them having connection
problems. It definitely does take a while to get to grip with the controls. I
did find myself blindly stabbing at my ears at first but when I got used to the
controls I realised it was such a handy set-up. I found the battery life was
good and it is really useful to be able to recharge from the case.Conclusion - I
do think these are high-quality earbuds and I love how small they are. They are
definitely stylish and practical. The charging case is so handy and fits in your
pocket. I don't think I would pay £299 for this as I don't find the sound that
much better than my £100 headphones. I also don't find them that comfortable but
that is an issue with my ears and not the earbuds.
    Some manufacturers make their offerings sound impressive by over-emphasising
bass levels, but these soon sound tiring.  B&O takes the opposite approach.  The
frequency range is there, but as flat levels, so they are much better for longer
term listening.It's nice that they've decided to do all control via the touch
pads at the top of each earbud, with no side buttons to acciodentally press.
The use of the touchpads is very easy - see picture for interface / effects.
All designed to make ease of use as a prime objective.The bluetooth pairs
easily, and the app is a model of how to do things.  You have a variety of
listening modes (such as commute, workout etc). You can programme the level of
sound isolation, and then tailor the sound in a matrix of warm, excited, relaxed
and bright.The installed pads were slightly too large for my ears, but a swap to
one of the included alternatives soon sorted that out.However, all of the above
would be irrelevant if they didn't sound good - thankfully, they sound glorious,
regardless of the type of music I thew at them.  Add in the power case which
recharges the buds whenever they are placed in it, while the case itself keeps
recharged via the usb lead, and battery life is really no problem - the app even
shows you the level of charge available.  The fit into the case with a
satisfying magnetic click, so you know they are seated correctly, and the
automatically turn on when you take them out.Clearly, quality like this doesn't
comer cheap, and you can save yourself a coup[e of hundred by opting for the
E2's instead, but if you want the best, then these are they.
    These are the most impressive ear buds I have ever tried.  With a brand like
B&O I was expecting quality and they did not disappointThe buds arrive in a
leather case and already charged.  To charge there is a choice between wireless
charging or a cable.  With the buds there are plenty of different tips, both in
plastic and memory foam.  I opted for the memory foam.  All fit then snuggly in
the case.To set them up, you have to download the B&O app - and follow very
simple instructions to pair them with the phone.  It was so easy and quick I was
actually surprised.There are many possibilities to use the buds to control the
sound, pick up a call, listen to ambient noise, etc.  Truly amazing and easy to
remember.These ear buds are not noise cancelling and I had reservations about
them but actually the sound quality is so good and the memory foam tips fit so
snuggly that even when in the tube or near people talking the exterior noise is
lost in the background.  Very impressed.Sound quality is amazing.  Words fail me
to describe what B&O has managed to pack in these tiny earbuds.  Whether
listening to classical music or deep trance, it is all rendered beautifully;
that's all I can say.  Or maybe WOW.Overall this is a superb piece of
craftsmanship in technology
    Über die Klangqualität von Kopfhörern zu streiten, besonders bei Bluetooth
In Ears, ist ein Terrain auf welches ich mich ungern begeben möchte. Jeder
Mensch hört anders!Der Eine schwört auf seine 30 Euro Hörer - der Andere geht
nie ohne Bose aus dem Haus.Ganz klar: Es gibt Unterschiede.Seltsamerweise und in
(nicht representativen) Blindtests lagen diese aber kaum in der
Klangqualität.Denn, richtig eingestellt, kann man ab einer gewissen Preisklasse
die Earbuds kaum voneinander unterscheiden.Menschen ab 35 ohnehin nicht, aber
das ist ein anderes Thema.Im Laufe der letzten Jahre habe ich so einiges an
Earbuds im Ohr gehabt. Sony, Jabra, Jaybird und auch Bose.Von den Beoplay hatte
ich im letzten Jahr nur die H9 im Test. Sind zwar auch Bluetooth Kopfhörer aber
keine In Ears.Nun aber zu den H8 in der dritten Generation.Lieferumfang:Sehr
geschmackvoll in Hartschaum eingelegt erblickt man die beiden Hörer samt
Ladeschale.Entfernt man diese, kommt der Rest der Lieferung zum Vorschein. -
Bedienungsanleitung - USB A an USB C Ladekabel - ein Säckchen mit Ohraufsätzen
unterschiedlichster Größe (dazu gleich mehr)Das war's dann auch schon und mehr
braucht es auch nicht.Kopfhörer:B&O setzt schon seit geraumer Zeit auf das
Touchsystem. Das bedeutet: Druckknöpfe oder Schalter werdetihr nicht vorfinden.
Jabra z.B. setzt eher auf Taster mit einem gewissen Druckpunkt. Finde ich
persönlichbesser, aber da bei den Jabra's auch mehr Funktionen verfügbar sind,
macht das dort auch mehr Sinn.Weiters wurden vier statt der sonst üblichen zwei
Mikrofone verbaut.Wie in der Überschrift erwähnt sind es im vorliegenden Fall
aber Kopfhörer pur.Kein Herzschrittmacher, Pulskontroletti oder Schrittezähler
wurden verbaut. Mit anderen Worten: Meine Kopfhörer!Alles ist auf die nötigsten
Grundfunktionen beschränkt die da wären: - Play/Pause - ein Titel vor oder
zurück - Lauter/Leiser (sinnigerweise mal auf beide Hörer verteilt. Links leise
- rechts lauter) - Telefon: Rufannahme/Auflegen - Stimmenaktivierung -
Transparency  (hier sollte man wissen, dass damit keine Durchschaltefunktion wie
bei eben Jabra oder Sonygemeint ist. Es wird also nicht das Mikrofon
zugeschaltet um die Außengeräusche mit durchzuschleifen. Diese Funktion ist nur
mit der App anpassbar. Im Lieferzustand geht bei Betätigung die Musik nur aus,
läuft im Player aber weiter. Da kann man auch die Play/Pause Taste nutzen. In
der App kann man in vier Stufen die Musik dann hoch oder runter regeln. Dann ist
bei Knopfdruck nur noch der genau voreingestellte Pegel zu hören. Ich finde das
nutzlos. Man könnte auch einfach nur Laut/Leiser drücken. Da hat man auch mehr
als nur vier Stufen)Da ich das durchaus erwähnenswert finde, noch ein Wort zu
den mitgelieferten Ohrstöpseln.Hier liegen nicht nur die üblichen Verdächtigen,
bestehend aus zumeist drei unterschiedlichen Gummimuffen drin.Hier werden gleich
vier unterschiedliche Größen geliefert.Zusätzlich hat B&O aber noch ein weiteres
Paar aus Formschaumstoff mit reingepackt. Ich LIEBE die Dinger.Man kann die
leicht zusammendrücken und im Ohr breiten sie sich hernach wieder aus und
schließen somitabsolut dicht ab. Ein Rausfallen ist damit so gut wie unmöglich
(bei 6 Gramm pro Hörer sowieso).Ich kenne diese Aufsätze noch von meinen ersten
In Ear Kopfhörern von Shure. Ist über 10 Jahre her und war damals noch mit
Kabel. Aus dieser Zeit habe ich noch einen ganzen Sack mit diesen Stöpseln übrig
gehabt.Und der Hammer ist: Die Dinger passen auch an die Beoplay E8!!!Ich trage
jetzt seit fast drei Stunden die B&O mit genau diesen Aufsätzen - Ich merke gar
nicht, dass ich sie trage.Ladeschale:Kommt zum Schluss dran, ist aber nicht
unwichtig.Bisher ist es die kleinste seiner Art die mir untergekommen ist. Jabra
war schon klein, die Beoplay ist besser.Super ist die verbaute magnetische
"Auffangvorrichtung". Die Kopfhörer werden förmlich in die Schale gesaugt.Kein
Gefummel mehr im Dunklen wie mit den Jabra. Damit fallen sie auch nicht
versehentlich beim Öffnen raus.Ist mir mit anderen Hörern mehr als einmal
passiert.Die Ladeschale ist außen mit (Kunst)Leder beschichtet und verfügt über
QI. Somit ist also auch kabelloses Aufladen möglich. Mit voll aufgeladenem Hörer
und der Möglichkeit in der Schale noch dreimal nachzuladen, kommen wir
tatsächlich auf ca. 35h Dauerbeschallung (was durch die Lautstärke natürlich
variieren kann).Fazit:B&O hat mit diesen In Ear Kopfhörern ganze Arbeit
geleistet.Sicher sind kleine Verbesserungen immer möglich (Stichwort
Transparency)Sie klingen weder besser noch schlechter als alle anderen Bluetooth
In Ear Hörer die ich bisher hatte.Nein, auch nicht die von Bose!Man sollte sich
auch mal von einem gewissen Voodoo Gehabe trennen. So nach dem Motto:Die haben
500 Euro gekostet - die müssen besser klingen.Klar gibt es große Unterschiede
zwischen einem 11.99 Euro Teil und solchen Geräten.In dieser Preisklasse
allerdings, sind die Unterschiede im Klang zwischen den Konkurrenten
marginal.Auch ein Oehlbach Kabel "klingt" nicht anders als eins von Amazon
Basics.Man bildet sich den besseren Klang einfach nur ein.Und wie ich eingangs
schon anmerkte: Klang ist sehr subjektiv!PS: Da diese Kopfhörer noch nicht zum
Zeitpunkt der Rezension erhältlich sind (Start Februar 2020), musste ich den UVP
erst erfragen.350,-Euro ist schon eine Hausnummer. Aber bekanntlich regelt sich
der Markt ja von allein.
    Not only do these earphones fit, and stay in my ear, they sound amazing! The
sound quality really does knock the spots off Airpods. I was a little worried
about the lack of noise reduction for my commute, but actually the fit is so
good, I found I didn't miss it. The styling looks great, and although the logo
is a little large for my taste, it's fairly subtle colour-wise. Music sounds
great with these headphones - really rich bass, and incredible clarity on
vocals. The sound quality is so good I've found no need to mess around with the
equalisation settings in the app. The bluetooth connection is flawless and they
are quick to charge. These are expensive (£300 at the time of the review) but
they are beautifully made and really do perform to the standard you would
expect. Definitely a class above Airpods,
    These wireless earphones look and sound great, and have great battery life.
They last 7hours, and the case / charging base will charge them another 4 times.
So you can get a total of 35 hours of use. The sound quality is very good, with
crisp, clear sound, and good amounts of bass.It can take a while to get used to
the touch controls on the earphones, however, after a while this soon becomes
something you can get used to (and it's worth reading the included
instructions). They let you play/pause music, skip tracks, take calls or turn on
the Transparency mode.The earphones look premium, and high-quality, with a
stylish, but serious design. The B&O branding is quite subtle. There are four
sizes for the silicone ear-buds, as well as foam buds in medium size. You can
use the B&O app to adjust the earphones, and update the firmware, but you don't
need to if you don't want to. It took a few attempts before I had a successful
connection, but it works well when connected.The case looks very premium, and
subtle, with a magnetic close to keep your earphones safe. The case is nice and
compact making it easy to take them with you. The base uses a USB Type-C
connection for charging (a cable is provided in the box). It also supports Qi
wireless charging (with an optional wireless charging base).When using the
earbuds, they block out outside noise very well (passive noise cancelling), and
if you want to hear what's going on a round you, then there's a transparency
mode so that you can hear your surroundings. If you're looking for some premium
wireless earphones then these hit the spot, with support for Bluetooth 5.1, AAC
and aptX. The price is quite high, compared to previous versions, and
competitors.
    Bang and Olufsen have raised the bar with this marvellous set of in-ear
phones. These ear-phones are fast pair compatible which also gives a seamless
connection and sound quality.The ear-phones will give you 7 hours of charge
time, but the charging case also grants around a further 28 hours of play time
using a Bang & Olufsen charging arcitecture called Beoplay. Beoplay allows me to
charge the headsets 4 more times when fully the case is fully charged.Between
the ear-phones and the case, I have used this product daily in the last 3 weeks
and only charged the case once and I still have juice left.The case is without
doubt a really nice feature, stylish and compact and are also wireless charging
compaible, so all you need do is place them onto a wireless charging device.The
sound of the ear-phones is simply stunning, beautifully balanced with enough
noice cancellation as well. The ear-phones are also really comfortable, which is
not always the case when using the in ear type of ear phones.Certainly this
product is not cheap, but the price is not without foundation because B&O are a
market leader in audio tech and this another product right from the top shelf
and Bang & Olufsen remain the standard setters for audible products by creating
new features that keep thier products in front of the rest.Recommended.
    I have tried a great many headphones and earphones from all price ranges,
and I am very impressed with these. The sound quality is the best of any in-ear
device that I've tried, easily outperforming AirPods. They can't compete with
the best headphones, but they're not trying to.Because they don't have noise-
cancelling, I was concerned that ambient noise might be a problem, but this was
really a minor issue. With any in-ear phones, it's crucial to get a good fit in
the ear canal, and I was able to achieve this because of the four sizes of
memory-foam earpieces supplied. I had to use the largest set of these (as usual)
but they worked very well and were able to isolate external noise very well
(which is often a problem if the earpieces supplied do not fit).The bass
reproduction was particularly good for such small drivers, and the overall sound
was balanced and articulate, reproducing subtleties which are often lost in
devices of this type. Stereo imaging was excellent.I'd recommend them without
hesitation. For in-ear devices, they're the best that I've ever used.
    Trattasi di auricolari audio Bluetooth del  marchio Bang & Olufsen Beoplay
modello E8 3a Generazione ,azienda che si caratterizza per la
commercializzazione di prodotti di assoluta eccellenza e standard di
qualità,esteticamente ricercati e di tendenza ,questi auricolari si uniscono ad
una stupenda qualità audio che non ha nulla a che invidiare a marchi come Bose o
Sony.Aperta la scatola che le contiene le ho messe subito in funzione ed
ascoltando la musica dello smartphone ho verificato il fatto che hanno una
potenza ed una qualità audio divina,suono perfettamente pulito senza alcuna
distorsione.Il design è ricercato ma semplice ed essenziale allo stesso
tempo,nulla di eccessivamente vistoso o pacchiano.Considerando il prezzo mi
aspettavo un prodotto di fascia altissima e  testandoli mi hanno piacevolmente
sorpreso ,la scatola di ricarica è piccola e compatta ,vi è la presenza di
indicatori led al suo esterni,il rivestimento di questa è completamente in vera
pelle di qualità,il supporto interno è dotato di calamita per gli auricolari,in
modo che durante l’apertura o la chiusura non cadino per terra o chissà dove.Gli
auricolari sono ergonomici e leggeri,non presentano alcun dettaglio esterno che
li caratterizza ,si connettono in pochi secondi non appena avviate la
sincronizzazione,il volume di ascolto è buono e quello di imput vocale lo è
altrettanto,una spia colorata avverte se si stanno scaricando,questa lampeggia
con una colorazione rossa quando accade.Grazie alla tecnologia Bluetooth 5.1 di
cui sono dotati permettono una connessione stabile senza perdita di segnale.La
casa madre dichiara che in conversazione la batteria dell’auricolare duri circa
12 ore,con la scatola di ricarica ci fate ben 3 ricariche complete e quindi fate
conto che ricaricherete la scatolina ogni 4 giorni in media .lo le utilizzo
ovunque per dialogare al telefono o in palestra per ascoltare a musica,più
precisamente in sala attrezzi e cardio dove isolarsi completamente dal mondo
esterno mi permette di allenarmi serenamente ,una volta collegato rapidamente
via Bluetooth con il mio smartphone che ripongo negli armadietti di sicurezza
posti in sala o messo in tasca, giro tranquillamente senza che si
disconnetta,così ascolto le playlist che più mi piacciono,isolandomi così dal
resto del rumore che mi circonda.Qualora si necessario,li si può utilizzare
anche singolarmente,non obbligatoriamente insieme,in casa con mia moglie ne
utilizziamo uno ciascuno associandoli a due smartphone differenti.Non necessita
di installare nessuna applicazione,gli auricolari funzionano tranquillamente con
dispositivi Android che IOS.Considerando la fascia di prezzo la potenza e
qualità audio sono eccelse ed in caso di chiamata si può tranquillamente
rispondere senza perdere la conversazione.Nella confezione sono inclusi il cavo
Usb per la ricarica e 4 gommini per adattare gli auricolari ai vari tipi di
orecchio.In conclusione posso affermare che si tratta di un prodotto di
eccellente che non ha rivali se non di pari livello,di certo non superiori
,dalla trasmissione audio di alto livello ma seppur dal prezzo non molto
abbordabile che ne fa un prodotto best buy dal rapporto qualità prezzo
imbattibile.4 stelle più che meritate e non 5 per via del prezzo non accessibile
a tutti.Nota di merito per queste cuffie è il fatto che hanno la certificazione
IPX4 , ovvero sono resistenti agli spruzzi,sono andato a correre e nel tornare a
casa ha piovuto, funzionano ancora senza alcun problema.Se cercate cuffie di
qualità pazzesca ,dovete spendere cifre simili ma di certo avrete la certezza di
avere un prodotto top di mercatoPersonalmente non sono telefono dipendente e
quindi posso affermare che per me vanno più che bene,parlo e ascolto musica
senza l ingombro di fili e la qualità è la migliore sul mercato.Le consiglio a
chi è esigenti e cerca un prodotto  molto valido senza badare a spese pur di
avere il meglio.
    Terrific sound quality, as you'd probably expect from B&O and I can imagine
why they didn't go with ANC - there is always a price in terms of sound quality
when ANC is on, and if you're kinda obsessed with the sound quality then ANC is
a no-no.And the in-ear fit is such that the lack of ANC doesn't matter. I live
in a town, not a city, and perhaps if I was a London commuter I'd have a
different view.  But also, I'd probably gets mugged for my phone and B&O buds
too.For me, four things matter for true wireless buds: fit, sound, connectivity
and price.  For these buds: very good, terrific, good and probably worth it.When
I say that the connectivity is good, I mean that it can either be good or bad.
There are no further level above good. (OMG! the connectivity is AMAZING!).And
for price - if you are the kind of person that would NEVER be able to justify
£300 on earbuds, then you probably aren't reading this review.  If you are, then
I can recommend these, as long as you don't consider ANC to be essential.
    These aren't my first wireless ear phones, but they are by far and away the
most expensive. The certainly feel like a quality product, arriving nicely
packaged, with the ear phones themselves in a leather effect case/charging dock.
Set up was straight forward, but the B&O app isn't great and tends to hide
features from view to create a 'clean' interface. Once set up you can largely
ignore it.Initially I was pretty happy with the Beoplay E8's, sound was balanced
and clear and they were as comfortable as any other in-ear phones I've tried.
But after a few days the left ear phone dropped out and refused to reconnect.
After having phone forget them/find them a few times in different locations they
finally worked as expected again. I've not had the same level of trouble since,
but it has tarnished my opinion of them somewhat, and I tend to favour my over-
ear Jabra  headphones when possible as a result.Overall, good, but for the money
I'd expect excellent.
    Il y a quelque temps j'avais acheté des écouteurs sans fil en promotion. Je
n'avais pas voulu mettre très cher et je m'étais retrouvé avec un produit à la
qualité sonore très moyenne et à la connexion Bluetooth défaillante. Les E8 de
Bang & Olufsen sont tout le contraire de ces produits chinois bas de gamme qui
pullulent le marché. Si vous voulez des écouteurs compacts, sans fil, mais qui
ne sacrifient pas la qualité sonore c'est le produit qu'il vous faut.Pour la
musique, j'utilisais jusqu'à présent un casque Sony sans fil très satisfaisant
et je ne pensais pas que des écouteurs pouvaient égaler la qualité sonore d'un
vrai casque. Les E8 me donnent pourtant tort. Les basses et les aigus sont bien
réglés et les voix sont parfaitement mises en valeur. Bref B&O tient tout à fait
sa promesse d'un son haut de gamme.Les écouteurs sans fil ne se démarquent en
général pas vraiment par leur design. Que ce soit les airpods très longs ou les
autres marques proposant en général des écouteurs bombés et peu discrets, je
n'avais pas encore trouvé quelque chose qui me plaise. Je suis donc en parfait
accord avec ce que proposent les E8, à savoir des écouteurs discrets, fins et
élégants sans bouton apparent et présentés dans un très beau boitier en cuir.
Enfin, ils tiennent facilement dans l'oreille et sont vendus avec plusieurs
paires d'embouts en silicones ou en mousse en fonction des goûts de chacun.Là où
les choses se gâtent un peu c'est en matière de connectique. J'ai du renvoyé la
première paire de E8 que j'ai eu parce qu'ils étaient inutilisables. Les boutons
tactiles ne marchaient plus et je n'arrivais pas à me connecter en Bluetooth à
mes appareils. Le fait de n'inclure aucun bouton précision fait qu'il était
impossible de résoudre le problème par soit même. J'ai depuis reçu une deuxième
paire qui semble mieux fonctionner mais les problèmes de connexion sont légions.
La technologie Bluetooth est une technologie certes imparfaite mais je n'ai pas
rencontré autant de problèmes de connexion avec mes autres casques et écouteurs
sans fil. Si vous souhaitez investir dans ces E8 soyez donc prévenu que vous
risquez de passer du temps à bien les configurer et les reconfigurer surtout si
comme moi vous souhaitez les utiliser sur plusieurs appareils (téléphone /
pc).Je n'ai pas testé la fonction vocale des écouteurs et je ne saurais donc
commenter la qualité des appels dessus puisque je ne les utilise que pour la
musique. Que ce soit pour une utilisation nomade ou à la maison, ils restent en
tout cas à mon sens à classer dans les meilleurs écouteurs sans fil sur le
marché en terme de son mais la connectivité gagne à être améliorée pour limiter
les bugs.
    The fit is nearly as poor as the previous two versions (hint B&O: it's the
shape, not the size). The sound is sibilant and harsh with lackluster bass (even
with a good seal). Moving them between my iPhone and MacBook Pro has been an
exercise in frustration, requiring multiple resets. Multiple times they would
connect but not play any audio until after another connection attempt. The
Automatic standby setting in the app doesn't stick. They have noticeable
background hiss, the likes of which I typically expect in only much less
expensive headphones. No active noise canceling. No auto pause function. My
devices stayed connected to the headphones even after being returned to the
case. At least they finally have a modern version of Bluetooth and AptX.For a
3rd generation product commanding a whopping $350 premium, this is ridiculous
and not the least bit competitive with what else is out there in this segment. I
gave them a shot because I couldn't get the previous two versions to stay in my
ears and hoped these would finally do the trick. While these are improved in
fit, they still aren't very secure, and I have to use the largest ear tips to
keep them in and get any decent sound out of them.With all the shortcomings, I
can't think of a single compelling reason why one would want these, especially
for $350. You can save a lot of money and get a better product with the
Sennheiser MTW or the Master & Dynamic MW07 Plus, or one of the myriad of other
better and cheaper options out there. These are (maybe) $200 headphones
masquerading as a more premium product.
    Geräte der Firma Bang & Olufsen sind meistens etwas teurer als ähnliche
Geräte anderer Hersteller. Diese Kopfhörer haben eine hervorragende
Klangqualität bei unübertroffenem Design, und natürlich bezahlt man auch für das
Design.Die Kopfhörer werden ein einer stabilen - vom Design her ebenfalls
ansprechenden - Pappschachtel geliefert, in der sich die In-Ear-Kopfhörer, die
Aufbewahrungs- bzw. Ladebox mit Lederüberzug, ein Ladekabel und ein Tütchen mit
acht (also vier Paar) weichen Ohrpolstern zur Anpassung an die Ohren und die
Bedienungsanleitung befindet.Die Kopfhörer werden nach dem Auspacken in die
Ladebox eingesetzt, können aber sofort wieder herausgenommen werden, so dass das
Gerät gleich in Betrieb genommen werden kann. Die Status-LEDs blinken blau, und
die Bluetooth-Kopplung ist dann innerhalb weniger Sekunden erledigt. Das ist
auch für einen Neuling ganz einfach und problemlos.Nach meinen Erfahrungen mit
anderen B&O-Geräte halte ich es für empfehlenswert, die B&O-App herunterzuladen,
obgleich die Kopfhörer auch ohne die App funktionieren. In der App fügt man das
Gerät eventuell anderen bereits vorhandenen B&O-Geräten hinzu. Dem Gerät kann
individuell ein Name verpasst werden, den man sich gut überlegen sollte, doch
kann man das Gerät auch wieder herauslöschen und eine neue Namensgebung
vornehmen.Die Kopfhörer können über die App einfach gesteuert werden. Die App
enthält auch eine Bedienungsanleitung, in der man beispielsweise nachsehen kann,
wie die Lautstärke geregelt wird oder wie zum nächsten Titel gesprungen wird.Bei
kleinen In-Ear-Kopfhörern ist die Bedienung oft ein Problem, da die
Bedienelemente auf engstem Raum untergebracht werden müssen. Viele Geräte dieser
Art haben rechts und links kleine Knöpfchen, deren Handhabung nicht unbedingt
einfach ist. B&O hat dieses Problem mit Touchpads gelöst. Dabei wird rechts bzw.
links jeweils ein- bis dreimal angetippt, um eine bestimmte Funktion abzurufen.
Das ist viel einfacher als mit den kleinen Knöpfchen wie beispielsweise bei In-
Ear-Kopfhörern von OxaOxe.Einmal aus der Ladebox genommen, laufen die Kopfhörer
ca. sieben Stunden. Die Ladebox beinhaltet eine Art Powerbank, so dass die
Kopfhörer dann noch viermal in die Box gesteckt werden können, ohne dass diese
erneut an das Stromnetz angeschlossen werden muss. Insgesamt bedeutet dies eine
Ladekapazität von ca. 35 Stunden.Die Ladebox kann auch ohne direkte
Kabelverbindung aufgeladen werden, allerdings wird dazu ein zusätzliches Teil
benötigt, das nicht zum Lieferumfang gehört. Persönlich finde ich die Aufladung
über das mitgelieferte USB-Kabel jedoch ausreichend.Über die App kann der
Hörmodus dem individuellen Geschmack und in Abhängigkeit von der gerade gehörten
Musik stufenlos angepasst werden.Die Klangqualität ist einzigartig und mit
meinem In-Ear-Kopfhörern von OxaOxe nicht zu vergleichen - insbesondere bei
klassischer Musik. Selbst im Fitness-Studio kann man mit diesem Gerät eine Art
"Konzertsaal-Feeling" erzeugen. Sowohl im Bassbereich als auch bei den Höhen ist
die Klangqualität kaum zu übertreffen.Die mitgelieferten Ohrpolster erlauben die
Anpassung der In-Ear-Kopfhörer an den jeweiligen Gehörgang. Ein Problem bei
Kopfhörern dieser Art ist immer, dass ein Herausfallen nicht mit absoluter
Sicherheit vermieden werden kann. Vor ein paar Wochen sind mir solche Dinger
beim Fensterputzen in ein Gartenbeet gefallen. Da habe ich fast eine Stunde
gesucht. Also Vorsicht - vor allem beim Sport im Freien.Die Trageeigenschaften
sind absolute Spitzenklasse. Mit den weichen Polstern und einem Gewicht von
jeweils sechs bis sieben Gramm, spürt man kaum, dass sich Kopfhörer in den Ohren
befinden.Fazit: Es handelt sich um hochwertige In-Ear-Kopfhörer, die sich
aufgrund integrierter Touchpads leicht bedienen lassen und eine hervorragende
Klangqualität aufweisen. Die Bedienung wird durch die B&O-App vereinfacht, doch
funktionieren die Kopfhörer auch ohne die App.
    Per chi come me è appassionato di elettronica e design i prodotti B&O sono
una tentazione terribile, hanno un fascino tutto loro, va riconosciuto.Ho
testato queste cuffie per qualche giorno, paragonandole alle mie Sony
WF-1000XM3, prodotto di fascia altrettanto alta e quindi a mio parere
comparabile, e alle Bose Soundsport di mio fratello, prodotto più datato ma
sempre validissimo.CONFEZIONE: elegante ed essenziale, sembra sempre di essere
appena usciti dalla gioielleria quando si apre un prodotto B&O. Contiene le
cuffie con il loro case di ricarica, cavetto usb type C, 4 paia di gommini di
ricambio di varie misure oltre a quelli montati, breve libretto di istruzioni
multi lingua.PAIRING: piuttosto semplice e immediato, testato con iPhone XR,
Huawei P20 Pro, Walkman Sony NW-A105. In tutti i casi è stato rapido, nessun
problema.CONNESSIONE: bluetooth 5.1, molto stabile e chiara. Presenta comunque
un certo delay se utilizzate per guardare video e film.AUDIO:  e qua viene il
problema. Non che non sia buono eh, chiariamoci, stiamo parlando di prodotti di
fascia altissima, ma per questo prezzo mi aspettavo almeno lo stesso livello
delle Sony, invece il suono mi convince meno. E' meno pieno, meno rotondo, i
bassi sono meno decisi se pur presenti mentre medi e alti sono ben definiti (di
pari livello alle Sony). Nel complesso a me piace più il suono delle Sony,
magari sono gusti personali, non lo metto in dubbio, ma considerato che costano
quasi il doppio mi aspettavo francamente qualcosa di meglio. Consideriamo che
non hanno il NOISE CANCELLING attivo, contrariamente alle WF-1000XM3, suvvia ...
perché non c'è? Ho provato tutte le 5 paia di gommini in dotazione fino a
trovare quelle che meglio si adattavano al mio orecchio e che mi davano
l'isolamento migliore, ma anche così non arriviamo al livello delle "sorelle
minori" Sony, ma minori solo per prezzo a questo punto.BATTERIA: infinita, in
effetti con appena 20 minuti di ricarica già avete almeno 1 ora di musica, con
una ricarica piena del case arrivate a 35 ore di riproduzione. Le cuffie hanno 7
ore di autonomia, più avete altre 4 ricariche. Non male insomma.COMANDI: touch
sugli auricolari, intuitivi, non mi pare siano personalizzabili via app (mente
lo sono per Sony). Precisi e reattivi, ottima resa.APP: scarna.. non permette di
personalizzare i comandi sugli auricolari, non permette un'equalizzazione
efficace, si può solo scegliere tra 5 modalità pre impostate (ottimale, comune,
clear, workout e podcast) c'è  poi una modalità personalizzabile ma non tramite
equalizzatore, si può scegliere come mixare le componenti caldo-emozionante-
rilassante-chiaro. Tramite app si può impostare il livello di "trasparenza" cioè
di percezione dei suoni ambientali.SUONI AMBIENTALI: con un tap sull'auricolare
si attiva l'effetto trasparenza per sentire i suoni ambientali, ottima
soluzione, funziona perfettamente.DESIGN: curassimo, in piena tradizione B&O, il
case è rivestito di pelle, rifinito alla perfezione, gli alloggi per gli
auricolari sono calamitati (come tutti del resto). Gli auricolari sono discreti,
piccoli, ERGONOMIA perfetta, correttamente posizionati nell'orecchio non si
sentono più, ma nemmeno si muovono...a livello di ergonomia sono sicuramente i
migliori provati finora.Insomma, siamo di fronte ad un prodotto eccellente,
senza dubbio, ma con alcune lacune che, visto il prezzo, non mi permettono di
superare le 3 stelle: mancanza noise cancelling attivo, audio al pari della
concorrenza (di pari fascia ovviamente), versatilità (equalizzazione,
personalizzazione comandi) inferiore alla concorrenza.Vincono a mani basse solo
per ergonomia e design.Alla fine a livello di suono sono assolutamente
paragonabili a Bose e Sony, dove non addirittura inferiori (nel caso di Sony),
ma il prezzo è decisamente più alto. Si paga il design, si paga il nome, si paga
il marketing ed il fascino del prodotto, ma a mio parere  il maggior prezzo non
corrisponde ad un reale incremento di qualità.
    These are well specified and fabulous sounding in ear wireless earphones.
Comfortable to wear, they have stayed in my ear without falling out. The sound
is excellent. Crisp high end with no hint of sibilance or harshness, a detailed
and involving midrange, bringing music and speach to life, and a well
controlled, accurate and non-booming bass adding a thrilling dimension to the
sound. Battery life is first rate. They look cool, feel fab, sound better than I
was expecting. I am really very impressed. At the current price (Feb 2020) these
Bang & Olufsen Beoplay 3rd Generation are a steal.
    Ich bin kein großer Freund von In-Ear Kopfhörern. Mit den Sony WF-1000XM3
komme ich einigermaßen zurecht, in letzter Zeit nutze ich aber wieder vermehrt
Over-Ears. Mit den Beoplay E8 in der dritten Generation könnte sich dies aber
nun endgültig verändern.Geliefert werden die Beoplay E8 in einer Box, die dem
üblichen Bang & Olufsen Design entspricht. Hebt man den Deckel ab, dann blickt
man auf die beiden Earbuds, sowie auf die Ladeschale, welche noch mit einer
Banderole ummantelt ist.Den Test der In-Ears habe ich mit verschiedenen
Klangquellen gemacht, vom Huawei Mate 10 Pro über ein Galaxy S8 und ein
aktuelles Apple i-Pad waren viele Geräte am Start.Vor dem ersten Test habe ich
die entsprechende App von Bang & Olufsen aus dem Appstore geladen. Die
Verbindung mit allen drei Geräten war problemlos. Auch mit dem Mate 10 Pro,
dessen Bluetooth Protokoll sich manchmal etwas zickig anstellt.Nach der
Installation und der Verbindung mit einer Soundquelle geht natürlich der Test
der Klangeigenschaften los. Um einen guten Klang zu generieren ist es wichtig,
die richtigen Gummipolster auszuwählen. Der Hersteller legt eine Auswahl bei,
und diesmal habe ich endlich ein Polster gefunden, welches wirklich guten Sitz
garantiert. Dies ist mit bei In-Ears so nun zum ersten Mal passiert.Die Beoplay
E8 besitzen Touch-Oberflächen, die Bedienung der In-Ears ist zunächst sehr
komplex und hat bei mir in den ersten Stunden der Nutzungen zu einigen
Fehlbedienungen geführt. Aber dies hat sich nach einiger Übung und Nutzung der
In-Ears gelegt und funktioniert nun sehr gut.In der Grundeinstellung klingen die
Beoplay E8 sehr neutral, diese Grundeinstellung zu wählen finde ich sehr gut,
denn so kann man sich langsam an seinem persönlichen Klang ranarbeiten. Die
Möglichkeiten dazu bietet die umfangreiche aber einfach zu bedienende App des
Herstellers.Erstaunlich ist, die Beoplay E8 habe fast kein Eigenrauschen,
jedenfalls keines was ich in irgendeiner Art und Weise als störend empfinde
kann. Das habe ich so auch bei noch keinem modernen Kopfhörer erlebt. Trägt man
die Beoplay E8 im öffentlichen Raum, kann man den Transparecy Modus aktivieren,
so kann man Umgebungsgeräusche noch wahrnehmen.Die Klangtests habe ich mit den
Alben „Brothers In Arms“ von den Dire Straits und „Images and Words“ von Dream
Theater durchgeführt. Besonders der Anfang des Song Metropolis Part 1 ist mit
all seinen kleinen Elementen sehr vielschichtig. Die Wiedergabe des Liedes mit
meiner persönlichen Einstellung ist wunderbar. Deutlich besser als bei den Sony
In-Ears.Die Akkuleistung ist gut. Die vom Hersteller angegebenen 35 Stunden habe
ich nicht ganz erreicht. Aber mit den erreichten 35 Stunden, mit Hilfe des
Ladecases, bin ich sehr zufriefen!Fazit: Die Beoplay E8 (3te Generation) sind
bisher die besten In-Ears, welche ich testen konnte. Der Klang ist super, die
Passform für mich perfekt!
    The E8 are truly wireless earphones. I loved the build quality and ease of
use.  The quality of the sound is impressive. Deep bass sounds & a wide
soundstage make these a step above what we’ve come to expect from in ear
wireless headphones. The best part is that after I have started using the E8, I
totally forget that I have them plugged in the ears. They are so comfortable and
fit very well. The charging box is well designed and very small to be carried
easily. The battery life is also great.
    Also ich kann das Lob für diese Bluetooth In-Ear-Kopfhörer leider überhaupt
nicht nachvollziehen.Ich habe bereits On-Ear-Kopfhörer von Beats by Dr. Dre und
Sennheiser, sowie die In-Ear-Kopfhörer Beats X von Beats by Dr. Dre benutzt. Was
mich bei den letztgenannten immer gestört hat, war der Umstand, dass diese genau
im Ohr platziert werden mussten, um einen satten Bass zu generieren. Außerdem
störte das Band im Nacken. Aus diesem Grund bin ich Mitte letzten Jahres, auf
Empfehlung meines Sohnes, bei den AirPods von Apple gelandet. Diese Entscheidung
habe ich bisher nicht bereut. Die Inbetriebnahme und Nutzung der AirPods ist
selbsterklärend und kinderleicht. Die Soundqualität herausragend.All dies sind
die E8 von Bang & Olufsen nicht. Es beginnt schon bei der langweiligen
Verpackung, in welcher das angebliche Premium-Produkt dargeboten wird. Die
Inbetriebnahme nimmt eine längere Zeit in Anspruch, wo bei das Laden der
notwendigen App noch relativ schnell geht. Es wurde versucht, die Kopfhörer
mittels Bluetooth mit einem Apple iPhone XR zu koppeln. Hierfür waren mehrere
Versuche notwendig. Weitere Zeit verschwendet man bei der Auswahl der passenden
Adapter für die Ohren. Bei mir wollte sich, trotz Nutzung unterschiedlicher
Adapter, kein Klangerlebnis einstellen. Darüber hinaus braucht man ewig Zeit,
bis man die Kopfhörer so in die Ohren gedreht hat, dass diese halbwegs halten.
Der Bass ist quasi nicht vorhanden, selbst bei höchster Lautstärke nicht. Die
Einstellmöglichkeiten in der App sind ein absoluter Witz. Die unterschiedlichen
Möglichkeiten zur Klangauswahl sind nicht der Rede wert. Das einzige, was sich
bei Reduzierung der Außengeräusche ändert, ist die Lautstärke der Kopfhörer.
Weitere Einstellungen in der App vermitteln lediglich auf die Homepage oder
Lernvideos. Abbrüche in der Musikwiedergabe sind an der Tagesordnung. Die
Bedienung am linken oder rechten Ohrhörer reagiert nur zufällig.Fazit: Absolut
überteuerte In-Ear-Kopfhörer, die sich lediglich dem Namen nach Premium
schimpfen dürfen. Alternativen zum halben Preis gibt es massenhaft.
    Conosco e apprezzo i prodotti B&O da anni ormai e la curiosità di provare la
terza generazione delle E8 era tanta. Il risultato è stato agrodolce per motivi
per spiegherò a breve.Comincio a parlare dei “pro” di questi auricolari perché,
di fatto, sono in numero maggiore ai “contro”, sebbene non abbiano a conti fatti
la stessa valenza:1) qualità generale di packaging e materiali: eccellente. E’
un prodotto di pregio, lo si nota dalla confezione curatissima, dalla custodia
con effetto pelle, dalla qualità degli auricolari stessi che è molto alta.2)
accessori: cavo usb(-c) a parte per la ricarica, sono incluse varie coppie di
gommini in silicone e memory foam tra cui scegliere per inserire gli auricolari
nel proprio canale auricolare. Attenzione: questa è un’operazione non importante
ma FONDAMENTALE...non solo per una questione di comodità (se troppo grandi fanno
male, come nel caso mio con quelli premontati) quanto di performance degli
auricolari stessi. Usando la misura sbagliata vi sembrerà di ascoltare un
grammafono (misura troppo piccola) a causa della bassa qualità del suono oppure
di stare dentro il portabagagli di un’auto (misura troppo grande).3) batteria:
dura fino a 35 ore, considerando quella interna degli auricolari più le
ricariche complete che la custodia è in grado di garantire anche in mobilità. In
pratica, come avviene ormai di consueto, essa è dotata di batteria interna, la
cui carica viene ceduta agli auricolari quando vengono inseriti al suo interno,
accolti magneticamente così da evitare il distacco accidentale durante il
trasporto. Sistema collaudato e comodissimo.4) controlli touch: un po’ croce e
delizia devo dire, perché se è vero che rispondono bene al tocco e ci si prende
la mano in cinque minuti, è anche vero che se devi toglierti un attimo un
auricolare succede di tutto, perché alla fine lo vai a toccare e...o mi cade la
chiamata che sto facendo, oppure mi sballa la musica...Intelligente il discorso
di fare operazioni opposte con l’auricolare di sinistra (es. tenere premuto per
abbassare il volume) e quello di destra (tenere premuto per alzare il volume).5)
stabilità del collegamento: il bluetooth 5.1 funziona alla grande e ha una
stabilità di connessione che supera le due stanze, con tanto di muri in mezzo.
Chiaro che l’ho portato all’estremo e ogni tanto saltava, però mi ha sorpreso.
Inoltre - applausi per questo - non è mai capitato che si sentisse solo uno dei
due auricolari, visto che nascono a coppia e funzionano a coppia, stabilendo una
connessione reciproca che, se è stata mantenuta come credo la tecnologia delle
generazioni precedenti, sfrutta quella NFC.6) la funzione trasparenza (in grado
di smettere di isolare dall’ambiente, pur continuando a sentire la musica,
impostazione su tre livelli differenti in base al rumore esterno) è comodissima,
sia durante l’ascolto di musica che per le telefonate (a proposito,
l’interlocutore sente e si sente bene).Il problema di fondo in realtà è
tripartito ma, di fatto, converge tutto in una considerazione che allo stato
attuale non mi può portare oltre le tre stelle...e la cosa mi dispiace, visto
quanto sopra.A fronte infatti di una spesa importante (le precedenti arrivarono
a costare 350 euro e dubito queste scenderanno di molto...purtroppo ad oggi non
mi è ancora noto perché non è stato ufficializzato il prezzo) il suono non è
così eccellente quanto sarebbe lecito aspettarsi...e l’app non aiuta a
migliorare la situazione, visto che l’equalizzazione è veramente troppo troppo
troppo limitata per un prodotto del genere. In pratica si sposta un selettore su
zone come “emozionante”, “caldo”, “rilassante”, “chiaro” osservando come il
suono cambi - sì - ma in maniera molto piatta, con gli alti sparati a palla su
“chiaro” ma senza bassi adeguati su “caldo”. Si fa di tutta l’erba un fascio in
pratica...e pure un ascoltatore medio come me se ne accorge.Tengo a precisare
che la prova è stata fatta con Spotify, Prime Music e affini, visto che
difficilmente l’utente medio porta FLAC in giro, però è stata indicativa perché
a livello di sonoro c’è tutto (gli strumenti si distinguono come poche altre
volte, per intenderci) ma non raggiunge quelle vette massime che una nuova
generazione e un prezzo di fascia alta farebbe dare per scontato. O magari sono
male abituato io, attenzione. E’ altamente probabile che senza metri di
paragone, comincerete a venerare questi auricolari. Tuttavia devo essere onesto
e scrivere tutte le mie impressioni del caso.
    Die Beoplay E8 3. Generation von Bang & Olufsen sitzen trotz ihrer etwas
größeren Ausführung (im Vergleich mit anderen mir bekannten In Ear- Kopfhörern)
komfortabel in der Ohrmuschel. Sie drücken nicht und fallen nicht heraus. Um die
Earbuds individuell an das eigene Ohr anzupassen, hat man 4 verschiedene
Silikon- Ohr- Adapter- Paare zur Verfügung (XS, S, M, L) und ein Paar
Schaumstoff- Ohr- Adapter (Comply Foam, M), die sich zusammendrücken lassen und
im Ohr dann wieder entfalten und besonders gut abdichten. Die Beoplays verfügen
über kein Active Noise Cancelling, also keine aktive Geräuschunterdrückung,
jedoch kann man durch die Verwendung der Schaumstoff- Ohr- Adapter die
Außengeräusche stark minimieren. Auch die Wahl des am besten passenden Silikon-
Ohr- Adapter- Paares dämpft die Außengeräusche. Bang & Olufsen nennt das dann
Passive Noise Cancelling.Die Beoplays haben eine sehr lange Akkulaufzeit, die
Kopfhörer bieten 7 Stunden währenden Musikgenuss, die hübsche aus Leder
gefertigte Ladeschale dient auch als Powerbank, ohne nochmal aufgeladen werden
zu müssen, sorgt sie für weitere vier Aufladungen. So hat man 35 Stunden
Hörgenuss zur Verfügung. Es besteht die Möglichkeit die Qi- Ladeschale induktiv,
also kabellos zu laden, jedoch benötigt man dazu ein Qi- Ladegerät. Enthalten
ist ein USB- C- Kabel mit dem die Ladeschale geladen wird.Es empfiehlt sich die
Bang & Olufsen- App herunterzuladen, da man mit dieser App individuelle
Klangeinstellungen vornehmen kann. Zudem ist die Software so immer auf dem
neusten Stand und man profitiert von Firmen- Updates. Innerhalb der App gibt es
5 ToneTouch- Voreinstellungen zur Auswahl: Optimal, Commute, Clear, Workout und
Podcast und ein Klangprofil zur eigenen, freien Gestaltung, das man selbst
kreieren und abspeichern kann. Hintergrundgeräusche können per App oder auch
über die Touch- Oberfläche am Earbud zugelassen werden (Transparenzmodus). So
kann die Durchlässigkeit in drei Stufen erhöht werden oder ganz ausgeschalten.
Wobei das Zufügen der Hintergrundgeräusche den Klang schon sehr beeinträchtigt,
zwar ist kein Rauschen zu hören, aber alles klingt eben viel leiser und dumpfer.
Außerdem kann ein automatisches Standby in der App aktiviert werden. Ohne aktive
Quelle wechseln die Kopfhörer dann nach 15 Minuten automatisch in den Standby-
Modus.Die Beoplay E8 3. Generation haben eine Bluetooth 5.1- Verbindung, diese
ist stabil. Verbindungsabbrüche konnte ich keine wahrnehmen. Die Verbindung
blieb selbst bei einem Raumwechsel, ohne Mitnahme des als Musikquelle dienenden
Gerätes, bestehen, ohne Rauschen. Die Beoplays lassen sich auch schnell koppeln
und wurden von unterschiedlichen Geräten schnell erkannt.Bedienen lassen sich
die Beoplays durch eine Touchscreen- Benutzeroberfläche an den Earbuds, sie
reagieren einwandfrei auf die verschiedenen Gesten (unterschiedlich häufig
Antippen, Halten...). Man kann so die Geräuschdurchlässigkeit variieren, die
Lautstärke verstellen, Songs pausieren, vor- und zurückschalten, ...). Ich mag
diese Art der Bedienung dennoch nicht so wirklich und bevorzuge einen festen
Druckpunkt, aber das ist mein persönliches Empfinden.Zum Telefonieren wurden
vier Mikrofone verbaut. Die Telefongesprächannahme und das Ablehnen von Anrufen
ist ebenfalls über die Touch- Oberfläche möglich.Nachdem ich mich nun mehrere
Tage, stundenlang durch meine Musiksammlung gehört habe, kann ich sagen, dass
ich den Klang recht beeindruckend finde, sehr klar und differenziert. Ich
empfinde den Klang als sehr detailliert, ich höre feinere Nuancen bei den
einzelnen Songs, im Vergleich mit anderen In- Ear- Kopfhörern, heraus.Preislich
spielen die Beoplays in der Oberklasse mit, akustisch aber auch!
    Die Beo E8 Kopfhörer sind edlen und formschönen verpackt. Genug Platz, damit
keine der Teile, sollte man alles wieder zurücklegen wollen, gequetscht werden
muss.Es ist alles inkl. Aufladekabel für die Aufbewahrungsbox (mit USB C
Stecker) enthalten.Auch Formstücke für alle möglichen Ohrgrößen von winzig bis
riesig sind dabei.Die Pods müssen vor der ersten Benutzung in der Ladebox
aufgeladen werden und passen perfekt hinein. Sie werden durch Magnete
festgehalten, dass es insgesamt richtig Spass macht die Pods in die Box zu
legen.Eine dezente aber gut sichtbare LED an der Box zeigt den Ladestatus an.Die
kurze aber prägnante Beschreibung reicht vollkommen aus, einzig blieb mir
unklar, wie oder ob die LED auch den Aufladezustand des in der Aufbewahrungsbox
verbautem Akkus anzeigt bzw. wann dieser voll ist. Die LED kann rot leuchten
(laden der Pods mit angeschlossenem Netzteil?), rot blinken (laden der Pods über
Boxakku?) und grün leuchten (Pods geladen).Für den Betrieb muss nichts
eingestellt werden, die Basisfunktionen inkl. Headsetfunktionen fürs
Telefonieren sind bereits fest eingestellt (Titel vor/zurück, Play, Stop,
Lautstärkesteuerung, Anrufsteuerung etc.) und sind per Fingertipp an den Pods
verfügbar. Die Steuerung erfolgt wie in der Beschreibung erläutert durch Tipp,
Doppeltipp und Halten am linken bzw. rechten Pod.Wer besondere Funktionen
einstellen will, z.B. Anzeige des Podakku-Ladezustandes, automatischen Standby
aktivieren, Klangfarben einstellen, Einstellung des Grades der auf Fingertipp am
linken Pod einblendbaren Umgebugsgeräusche etc.) kann dies mit der im Playstore
herunterladbaren APP von B&O problemlos machen, allerdings ist dafür eine
Registrierung notwendig.Die APP funktionierte bei meinem S10e mit Android 10
perfekt.Die Bluetothverbindung der Pods mit meinem S10e klappte auf Anhieb
perfekt, bein Herausnehmen aus der Ladebox waren die Pods bereits im Pairing-
Mode. Dieser kann bei Bedarf auch manuell über Fingertipp erneut gestartet
werden.Der Klang ist kristallklar und die Reichweite im Haus ca. 10m diagonal
vom EG zum ersten Stock durch eine Stahlbetondecke.Im Vergleich zu einem
geschlossenen oder over Ear Kopfhörer fehlt wie bei allen mir bekannten in Ear
Kopfhörern evtl. etwas Volumen, allerdings ist dies sicherlich auch davon
abhängig wie tief man den Pod ins Ohr schiebt.Da ich einen zu festen Sitz von in
Ears nicht mag, kann es aber auch daran liegen.Der Sitz im Ohr ist auch beim,
wie gerade erwähnt nicht tief eingeschobenen Pod ausreichend, dass er bei
Kopfbewegungen nicht ungewollt herausfällt.Wie lange der Akku hält kann ich
nicht sagen, da ich die Pods maximal 1 Stunde trage, bevor sie wieder in die
Aufladebox wandern...und das schaffen sie locker.Insgesamt also ein gelungenes
und empfehlenswertes Produkt.
    Ich bin wirklich mehr der Fan von den Over-Ear Kopfhörern war einfach daran
liegt ich bin sehr empfindlich an den Ohren und durch eine Nervenentzündung in
dem Bereich noch empfindlicher wie sonst.Da ich aber mit B&O bis jetzt nur gute
Erfahrungen gemacht habe wurden sie jetzt einfach mal bestellt und
ausprobiert.Schon beim auspacken hat man bemerkt wie hochwertig die Box wo die
Earbuds verstaut werden können wenn man sie nicht benötigt bzw. zum Laden ist
mit Leder verkleidet und liegt so wirklich sehr gut in der Hand.Die Buds an sich
sind auch sehr gut verarbeitet und da es mehrere Aufsätze gibt findet man
bestimmt den richtigen damit die Buds gut sitzen aber während des Tragens auch
nicht drücken.Mit dem Ladekabel welches mitgeliefert wurde kann man die Box gut
laden und ja man benötigt nur einen Netzstecker den man ja sowieso immer zuhause
hat.Die Koppelung mit Bluetooth hat an meinem Handy sehr gut funktioniert nur
der MP3-Player hat etwas gezickt aber letztendlich hat es dann doch geklappt, es
lag aber wirklich am Player und nicht an den In-Ears.Der Klang ist sehr gut und
durch die Tonunterdrückung von der Umwelt kann man wirklich komplett in seine
Musik eintauchen und obwohl ich wirklich extra längere Zeit gehört habe hatte
ich keinerlei Probleme mit den Stöpseln.Die Akkuleistung ist sehr gut und auch
die Box hat auch eine sehr gute Leistung ich bin wirklich mehr als positiv
überrascht.Die Handhabung an sich ist einfach und hat man schonmal Buds benutzt
funktioniert dies auch Intuitiv.Das einzige was ich mir gewünscht hätte wäre
eine Anleitung auf Papier gewesen, denn ich möchte mir nicht für alles was ich
benutze eine App herunterladen.Alles in allem wirklich tolle Earbuds die mich
vollständig überzeugt haben und deshalb vergebe ich wirklich sehr gerne alle
fünf Sterne.
    Der Name Bang und Olufsen macht ja schon mal was her und ich wollte mich
überzeugen, was dran ist.Die Box, in der die Kopfhörer geliefert wurden, sieht
edel aus. Die verschiedenen Aufsätze in ein Plastiktütchen geworfen wirken
billig. Das macht es auch schwieriger, zwei zusammengehörige Größen zu finden.
Ein USB-C Ladekabel ist dabei, die Kopfhörer können aber auch wireless geladen
werden.Verabeitung:Die Ladebox aus Leder macht wirklich was her. Die Kopfhörer
sehen gut aus und sind gut verarbeitet. Das Material und die Farbe bedingt
allerdings, dass man Fettflecken von Fingern oder Ohren darauf sieht (lässt sich
aber wegwischen).Pairing:Das Pairing mit meinem iPhone hat ganz hervorragend
geklappt. Allerdings war es dann kniffelig, sie auch mal mit dem iPhone meines
Mannes zu verbinden. Hierfür war die manuelle Kopplung (beide Touchfelder auf
den Kopfhörern gedrückt halten, bis es blau blinkt) notwendig. Die BT-Verbindung
war immer stabil.Sitz:Es werden 5 verschiedene Aufsätze mitgeliefert und ich
habe alle durchprobiert. Mit keinem der Aufsätze haben die Kopfhörer wirklich
gut in meine Ohren gepasst. Als ich dachte, ich hätte es, haben sie doch nach 2
Stunden im Ohr gedrückt. Sobald ich gesprochen oder gekaut, also meinen Kiefer
bewegt habe, saßen die Kopfhörer wieder locker in meinen Ohren. Die Kopfhörer an
sich sind auch schon recht groß. Sie sind von der Größe überhaupt nicht mit
denen z.B. von Apple vergleichbar. Auch das gab mir ständig das Gefühl, sie
würden falsch sitzen und halb rausfallen. Im Produktvideo habe ich gesehen, wie
sie zu sitzen haben: Das Emblem soll gerade sitzen, quasi parallel zum Erdboden.
Ich habe andauernd mit dem Handy den Sitz geprüft und korrigiert. Mit einfach
Einsetzen war es nie getan, ich hab mehrfach gedreht und
gedrückt.Klang:Entscheidend für den Klang ist der richtige Sitz. Hatte ich sie
mal fest im Ohr war der Klang bei Musik tatsächlich phänomenal…nichts breiig,
alles knackscharf, aber dennoch weich wo es angebracht war. Sehr hilfreich ist
übrigens auch die B&O App, hier hat man einige Einstellmöglichkeiten und es ist
faszinierend zu hören, wie sich die Akustik verändert, wenn man die Regler
verschiebt.Der Klang beim Telefonieren war eher mittelmäßig, meine
Gesprächspartner waren viel zu leise, auch wenn ich die Lautstärke deutlich
erhöhte wurde es nicht besser.Die Kopfhörer bieten zwar kein aktives
Noisecancelling an, was in der Preisklasse echt schon schade ist, allerdings
schirmen sie trotzdem Umgebungsgeräusche, vor allem in Bahn und Flugzeug, gut
ab. Das merkt man, wenn man die App benutzt und zwischen den einzelnen Stufen
der Umgebungsgeräusche hin und her klickt. Dazwischen knistert es im Kopfhörer,
das klang nicht so gut.Steuerung:Da der richtige Sitz bei mir schon ein
Rumgewürge war, hab ich natürlich auch häufig versehentlich die Steuerung
bedient - das ist ganz schön nervig, zumal ich mir die Steuerungsgeste für die
Umgebungsgeräusche nicht merken kann, sie aber permanent ausgelöst habe. Ich
musste also andauernd in die App, um das wieder umzustellen.Die für mich
wichtigsten Gesten waren Pause/Play und laut/leise. Die Reaktion auf Pause/Play
finde ich sehr verzögert, zu verzögert, sodass ungeduldige Zeitgenossen durchaus
mehrfach drücken.Akku-Laufzeit:Die Laufzeit ist tadellos, das Laden in der Box
wirklich bequem. Gibt es allerdings bei anderen Herstellern auch.Fazit: Der Name
beeindruckt zwar zuerst, aber das Ergebnis fand ich dann doch leider
enttäuschend. Mich haben sich nicht richtig überzeugt. Drei Sterne habe ich
vergeben, weil es ja vielleicht doch auch an meinen Ohren liegen kann.
    ...quelque manques.Pour des oreillettes intra auriculaire, B&O y a misé tout
son savoir-faire.Ici nous ne sommes pas dans la simple oreillette mais dans une
véritable immersion sonore.Points positifs :► Excellence du son : Le son est
excellent. Détaillé, équilibré et une image sonore incroyable.► Soin de
fabrication de B&O : Cela se ressent dans les moindres détails notamment la
station de charge recouverte de cuir véritable est d'une très belle finition...►
Confort : Oreillettes confortables adaptables au mieux grâce à une multitude
d'embout.  Note qu'il est important que les embouts utilisés soient bien adaptés
à votre morphologie, car le rendu sonore en dépendra largement (notamment dans
les basses).  Note 2 : Si trop enfoncées, les oreillettes vont vous faire un
effet boule Quies► Autonomie et étanchéité : Non testé mais c'est un gage de
fiabilité.► Recharge possible de la station par induction. A ce sujet, inutile
de mettre une fortune dans le chargeur optionnel proposé par B&O, n'importe quel
chargeur fera l'affaire et notamment le chargeur sans fil Energizer
(https://www.amazon.fr/gp/product/B07VC9G19G) à ~40€ qui fonctionne très
bien.Points négatifs :► Aucune réduction de bruit dynamique (ANC Active Noise
Control), d'aucuns diront que cela altère le rendu sonore, ce qui est possible
mais si l'écoute se passe dans un environnement bruyant, le rendu sera d'autant
parasité ! A ce prix, c'est peu compréhensible.► Appairage : Pour ma part, je
n'ai pas réussi facilement. En effet lors de la mise en route,  je ne savais pas
si les écouteurs étaient chargés ou pas et j'ai tenté l'appairage aussitôt.
Constatant que cela ne fonctionnait pas, je les ai repositionnés dans le boîtier
de charge afin d'être assuré que cela n'en soit pas la cause. Après la charge,
de nombreuses autres tentatives d'appairage on été réalisées sans succès. Je
n'avais auparavant réussi à obtenir que le voyant en mode "rouge" ou mode
"blanc" de façon furtive (et j'étais sûr que le voyant presque "blanc" était à
considérer comme le "bleu" de la notice peu explicite sur les différents modes
du voyant). mais avec de la persévérance (1/2 heure!) et de la "chance", j'ai
réussi à passer l'étape pour l'association...► Pas d'assistance vocale► Tactile
Peu intuitif et complexe à retenir et utiliser toutes les actions (augmenter /
baisser volume,  changer de plage, pause/play, répondre à un appel, etc. cela
dépendant uniquement de la durée et du nombre de "clics" sur l'une ou l'autre
des oreillettes !!), bref de quoi vite se tromper...► Prix 350€  !!! Mais si la
qualité est indéniable, attendez 6 mois le prix sera plus sûrement plus
doux...Conclusion : Excellent qualité d'écoute et de confort mais reste que le
manque d'ANC est pour ce prix et cette 3ème génération peut compréhensible.
    Good quality classy looking buds...Connected to Bluetooth no problem and
sound is crystal clear!Perfect for on the go as the charging case fits perfectly
in your pocket!Stayed in my ears no problem and been out and about with them in!
    Absolutely love these B&O wireless headphones (Bang & Olufsen Beoplay E8 3rd
Generation)! They are like nothing else I've tried - they are head and shoulders
above any other wireless headphones I've used to date (and I've tried a fair few
- some from Sony, Bose and other smaller brands - and also my beloved AirPods
(not the Pro).Unlike with the wireless over-ear cans that B&O has made, the
touch surface on these in-ear headphones is intuitive and appropriately
reactive. The fit is really comfy in the ear once I figured out you need to
ensure the 'main part' of the round headphone is meant to be tucked inside /
nestle inside your "ear crook". B&O includes a variety of tips, including one of
the more cushy "ear-plug" like ones. After some testing for fit, I actually
chose different tips for each ear (I must be somewhat asymmetrical / lopsided).
:)Now - the most important thing - the sound. Wow. I listened to some old
favourite musical pieces and they brought tears to my eyes - I listened to an
old recording of a beloved, now-deceased singer and I could hear his voice in
parts of the song I hadn't heard before - not to over-state this, but the
discovery was incredible. These headphones are equally good listening to pure
spoken word. What could be improved, however, is the option for more bass - it's
a little underwhelming here. But since I don't often listen to the type of music
that this would resonate the most with, it's not missed all that much - but you
should keep this in mind if that is something that might bother you.In typical
B&O quality - the carrying case is luxurious and I love how it snaps closed.
It's a great size for travel or to pop into a bag. It doubles as a recharging
bank for the headphones, so you end up with a ridiculously long battery life out
of these. Really impressive.For drawbacks, I cannot come up with any actually.
However, I did have some difficulty re-pairing them with my iPhone XS - I need
to do some more troubleshooting here. Until then, I'll keep using my trusty
beloved Airpods.In sum, you cannot go wrong with these headphones. Are they
expensive? No doubt. But are they worth it? Absolutely, yes. They are simply
fantastic in terms of overall sound quality (if a little light on the bass),
battery life, portability, comfort, style, and connection reliability. Well
done, B&O! And enjoy, if you do decide to take the plunge!
    Pro:👍 alta autonomia👍 ottimi controlli touch👍 pass-through egregio👍 comodi e
aderenti all'orecchio👍 ricarica abbastanza veloce👍 ottimi materiali
utilizzatiContro:👎 prezzo fuori mercato per quello che offre👎 mancanza ANC👎
presenza marcata degli alti👎 microfono pessimoVoto finale e cosndiglio
d'acquisto:3 - purtroppo il prezzo ed i numerosi difetti non mi portano che a
sconsigliarne l'acquisto, soprattutto per il fatto che con un ordine di
grandezza di prezzo in meno trovate roba decentissima e valida con le stesse
caratteristiche.Il package contiene la costruzione Lego Technic Truck e Moto
dello Stunt Show con:- coppia auricolari Beoplay E8 3rd Gen- custodia ricarica-
4 coppie di inserti in silicone (XS, S, M, L)- inserti in gommapiuma Comply
(taglia M)- cavo ricarica USB-C- istruzioniSpecifiche reali prodotto
rilevate:Prodotto : Auricolari in-ear TWSMarca : Bang & OlufsenFrequenza : 20 –
20.000 HzMicrofono : Omnidirezionale, MEMSIsolamento acustico : Passive Noise
CancellingDimensioni driver : Elettrodinamico, diametro 5,7 mmSensibilità driver
: 107 dB ±3 dBImpedenza : 16 OhmCodec audio : SBC, AAC codec, AptxAdaptive Sound
: Personalizzabile tramite la Bang & Olufsen AppBluetooth : Bluetooth 5.1Bang
and Olufsen App : Beosonic (tonetouch), Impostazioni EQ, per es. per Podcast
Regolazione della Transparency Mode, Aggiornamenti softwareIngressi e uscite :
Qi Wireless, USB-CComandi sul dispositivo : Interfaccia touchRiproduzione
musicale e tempo di conversazione : Fino a 7 h/35 h con custodia (volume
moderato)Tempo di ricarica* Auricolari : circa 2 h* Custodia per la ricarica
(USB-C): 2 h* Custodia di ricarica (Qi Wireless): 2,5 hRicarica rapida : 20
minuti nella custodia forniscono 1,5 ore di riproduzioneAlimentazione a
batteria* Auricolare Destro (Primario) : 60 mAh* Auricolare Sinistro
(Secondario) : 60 mAh* Custodia per la ricarica : 800 mAhColore : NeroMateriali
: Pelle, Alluminio, Polimero, SiliconeLivello di impermeabilità : IP54
(resistente a polvere e spruzzi/sudore)Peso* Auricolare Destro (Primario) : 5,8
g* Auricolare Sinistro (Secondario) : 5,8 g* Custodia per la ricarica: 55 g
(senza auricolari)Dimensioni* Auricolari: 2,5x1,9x2,6cm* Custodia per la
ricarica: 7,05x4,6x3,45cmRecensione:Il marchio B&O è sempre stato rinomanto per
la qualità dei prodotti, ma anche per la longevità di produzione, essendo
partito tantissimi anni fa.Sinceramente mi aspettavo un prodotto all'altezza,
ben speranzoso dato l'ottimo passo fatto con la generazione E8 precedente (la
2.0) e che si sarebbe sicuramente migliorato con questa nuova generazione.La
presentazione e la scatola che contiene il prodotto sono sicuramente di alto
livello, ma al primissimo uso ho constatato un passo indietro pazzesco. Mi
spiego meglio: ho provato immediatamente a fare pairing senza utilizzo dell'app
proprietaria ed effettivamente ho notato una strana bassa qualità nella
riproduzione, ma ho pensato si trattasse esclusivamente di un fattore di
configurazione. Allora ho scaricato l'app, creato l'account (cosa che odio e che
praticamente pare essere necessaria per qualsiasi device hi-tech al giorno
d'oggi) e accoppiato nuovamente le cuffiette.L'app ha la possibilità di settare
l'equalizzazione personale o di utilizzare dei pre-settaggi, oltre ad altre
opzioni (spegnimento cuffie,pausa automatica, pass-through, ecc.). Il fatto che
mi ha colpito negativamente è che tutti i pre-set suonano esattamente uguali,
tranne uno, vale a dire il settaggio "warm" (caldo) che tende ad addolcire gli
alti, ma che comunque non dona un avvolgimento e nitidezza totale del suono.La
qualità che ne esce direi che è tagliente, abbastanza affaticante per le
orecchie se non si ascoltano i brani giusti e se si ascoltano brani con
esclusivo risalto della voce, ne esce davvero un'esperienza negativa (pur
impostando a dovere il pre-set warm). Considero invece come riuscita la prova di
ascolto con generi dove i bassi la fanno da padrona, dunque se amate
l'elettronica con bassi belli corposi queste sono sicuramente le TWS fatte per
voi.I controlli touch sono il fiore all'occhiello di queste cuffie, non solo
perchè reattivi e ben progettati, ma anche perchè è possibile praticamente fare
di tutto.Il controllo più utile è sicuramente il pass-through che consente con
un solo gesto di ascoltare anche l'ambiente esterno senza dover intervenire in
alcun modo su ciò che si stava facendo (ascoltare musica o chiamate).Purtroppo
come accennato anche in altre recensioni, il vero disastro di queste cuffie è il
microfono in quanto durante le chiamate chi parlava con me aveva la sensazione
di essere all'interno di una grande chiesa con difficoltà enormi di
comprensione, cosa che non mi è mai successa anche con TWS da soli 30€, davvero,
come già detto, un disastro.Aggiungiamoci che per un prezzo così alto non
abbiamo neanche la riduzione o cancellazione del rumore e potete capire quanto
mi abbiano deluso.In definitiva potete trovare delle TWS con gli stessi pregi e
difetti pagandoli circa 20/30€ e fate un vero e proprio affare.Che la 4a
generazione sarà finalmente il top di questo marchio? staremo a vedere!!Prezzo
su Amazon al momento della recensione: 350,00€
    Diese Earbuds sind die Besten die ich jemals in den Ohren - nicht auf den
Ohren - hatte.Ich bin absolut begeistert und ich habe etliche Kopfhörer Over-
Ears und In-Ears. Darunter sind auch wirklich gute Modelle von AKG Sennheiser
Bose Klipsch KEF und JBL. Man könnte fast sagen ich sammle die Teile.Auch wenn
es immer mal passiert dass In-Ears dem einen oder anderen nicht gut passen. Ich
habe scheinbar ziemliche Durchschnittsohren. In der Regel gibt es mit der
Passform keine Probleme. Ausnahmslos alle In-Ears die ich habe sitzen bei mir
mit den mittleren Polstern gut im Ohr. Nur Ohrstöpsel ohne Polster sind nichts
für mich.So passen mir auch diese E8 erwartungsgemäß gut und auf Anhieb. Sie
fallen mir bei allen alltäglichen Verrichtungen inklusive Gartenarbeit nicht aus
dem Ohr.Kopplung mit diversen BT Quellen gelingt problemlos. Die App ist für die
Kopplung mit dem Smartphone nicht notwendig und gelingt ebenfalls ohne Probleme
(Samsung S10) Das ist Prima. Noch eine App brauche ich wie der Hase den Jäger.
Wer allerdings die Klangeigenschaften der E8 bearbeiten möchte, kann dies via
Equalizer in der App ganz nach Lust und Laune erledigen.Der Lieferumfang ist wie
man es bei einem so hochpreisigen Produkt erwarten darf ebenfalls hochwertig.Die
noble lederne Ladeschale fungiert zugleich als Powerbank und schafft es die
Phones etwa vier Mal aufzuladen bevor sie selber an die Zapfsäule muss.  So
kommt die Gesamtlaufzeit von 35 Stunden die B&O angibt zustande.Sind die Earbuds
leer legt man sie in die Ladeschale und nach 10 Minuten wird der Ladestand
bereits wieder mit 50% angegeben. Nach 30 Minuten sind die Earbuds wieder ganz
voll. Das ist mehr als akzeptabel.Ersatzpolster in verschiedenen Größen sind
Standard und liegen natürlich auch hier bei.Die beiliegende Anleitung ist knapp
aber ausreichend.Um die E8 in den BT Kopplungsmodus zu versetzen müssen beide
Sensorflächen gleichzeitig für einige Sekunden gedrückt werden. Das sieht
ziemlich doof aus, funktioniert aber zuverlässig und wird wohl niemals
unbeabsichtigt oder zufällig ausgelöst werden.Die Bedienung über die beiden
einzigen Sensor Bedienfelder ist komplex. Es dauert etwas bis man verinnerlicht
hat wann man rechts oder links ein - zwei - oder dreimal zu tippen hat.
Insgesamt ist die Bedienung nach kurzer Eingewöhnungsphase aber logisch und
intuitiv.Die E8 beherrschen SBC, ACC- und aptX-Codecs. Das sorgt für einen sehr
reinen und vor allem rauschfreien Sound. BT 5.1 schont die Akkus.Passive Noise
Cancelling nennt B&O seine Version von Fremdgeräuschunterdrückung. Die
wichtigste Maßnahme hier ist wohl die Verwendung der beiliegenden Schaum
Ohrstöpsel.  Oh ich wünsche mir sehr dass es diese Dinger für kleines Geld
nachzukaufen gibt. Ewig lange werden die wohl nicht halten, aber mit Ihnen ist
man besser gegen die Außenwelt abgeschirmt als bei den allermeisten Over Ear
KopfhörernIch kann niemandem empfehlen sich so im Straßenverkehr zu bewegen.
Noise Isolation nennt sich das bei B&O und das trifft es sehr gut.B&O hat dem E8
3rd gen offenbar vier Mikrofone verpasst. Da der wohl größte Kritikpunkt beim
Vorgängermodell der mangelnden Sprachqualität beim Telefonieren galt.  Ich kann
das nicht beurteilen, ich kenne die Gen2 Earbuds nicht.Bei diesen hier ist die
Qualität makellos und auch die Gegenstelle versteht einen selbst im Freien bei
normalem Wind und Straßenverkehr gut.Erwähnenswert ist auch noch dass es eine Qi
zertifiziertes kabelloses Ladegerät von B&O geben soll das so bei 125€ liegen
soll. Die gute Nachricht?  Braucht man nicht. Mein 20 € QI Ladegerät von UMI
lädt die B&O Ladeschalenpowerbank völlig problemlos.Die E8 haben einen
Transparancy Mode - durch einen Fingertip werden die Earbuds so geschaltet dass
man die Umgebung dann doch wieder wahrnimmt und sich sogar gut unterhalten kann.
Ernsthaft, dies ist der einzige Modus in dem die E8 Straßenverkehrstauglich
sind.Eine einzige winzige Kleinigkeit würde ich mir von B&O dann doch noch
wünschen. Spendiert der 4th Gen Version doch bitte zwei winzige Löcher durch die
man einen Nylonfaden ziehen kann.  Dann würde ich sie sogar auf der Radtour
benutzen und müsste keine Angst haben einen oder sogar beide Earbuds zu
verlieren. Das wäre dann doch ein zu teurer Spaß.Und nun - zum Schluß - das
Wichtigste: Der Klang.Zuerst - es gibt kein Eigenrauschen - bzw - ICH höre keins
- nicht das Geringste - gar nichts - nada.Der Klang ist ungeheuer transparent
und klar. Brilliant und natürlich.Dagegen klingen z.B. die Apfel  Earpods Pro
als ob eine Wolldecke um diese herumgewickelt wäre.Sonys WF-1000XM3 klingen im
Vergleich dünner und kraftlosMeine "Radkopfhörer" JBL Response bekommen Tränen
in die Ohren und hören sich auf einmal nach 20 € an.... und selbst meine bisher
liebsten In Ears von Sennheiser verlieren ihr Momentum völlig.Ich höre bevorzugt
Rock Progrock und Independent, gelegentlich Klassik, seltener JazzDas braucht
Volumen und klare kräftige Bässe. Das liefern die E8 beeindruckend abMeine
Killertests sind nach all den Jahren immer noch DIRE STRAITS  - Alben:  Dire
Straits und Brothers in Armsaber auch Vladimir Horowitz live in Moskau und
Charlie ParkerDie Gitarrenriffs von Martk K. fliegen mit ungeahnter Leichtigkeit
durch den Raum. Bei Brothers in Arms bekommt meine Gänsehaut eine eigene
Gänsehaut und bei Charlie Parker hört man raus von welcher Seite dessen
Saxophone das Micro angeblasen hat. Bei Horowitz live in Moskau höre ich raus ob
die Zuhörer in der ersten oder dritten Reihe applaudieren.  Das ist
ungeheuer.Das ist nah an meinem Star (AKG K872)  der dann aber doch noch ein
wenig mehr Ortbarkeit, Druck und Dynamik bietet (aber auch knapp das dreifache
gekostet hat)B&O -  ich bin tief beeindruckt.
    Kurze Bemerkung vorweg: Ich bin einfacher Musik-Konsument und kein
Musikkritiker oder jemand der auf einer Live Aufnahme jeden einzelnen
Instrumentalisten identifizieren kann. Daher wird dies keine höchst-technische
Rezension, sondern einfach ein persönliches Meinungsbild. Daher versuche ich die
Schwerpunkte auf andere Kriterien zu legen.Zur Handhabung muss ich weiterhin
folgendes voranschicken. Ich bin ein Handbuchverweigerer. D.h. ein technisches
Gerät muss bei mir intuitiv bedienbar sein, denn ich möchte ja nicht jedes Mal
wenn ich das Gerät wieder verwende die Anleitung lesen. Nun aber die eigentliche
Rezension:Ein wenig Bedenken habe ich grundsätzlich bei In-Ears, denn zum einen
habe ich immer Angst sie aus den Ohren zu verlieren und zum anderen ist gerade
hier bei den Beoplay E8 die (Lade-)Hülle so klein, dass ich immer aufpassen muss
wohin ich sie stecke (ich möchte ja nicht, dass sie versehentlich in der
Waschmaschine o.ä. landet!) Daher nutze ich diese doch durchaus höherpreisigen
In-Ears vorwiegend zuhause.Wie schon gesagt, werden die Beoplay E8 in einer
kleinen Hülle geliefert. Diese ist schlicht aber dennoch sehr elegant gestaltet
und dient gleichzeitig als Ladeschale. Das magnetische „Einsaugen“ der Earbuds
finde ich definitv gelungen!Die verschiedenen Gumminöppel bieten für fast jedes
Ohr die passende Auswahl. Leider werden sie in einem unscheinbaren
Plastikbeutelchen geliefert. Das könnte leicht verloren werden zumal es nicht in
der Lade-Box untergebracht werden kann, sondern am besten in der Umverpackung
verbleibt. Am meisten hat es mir der „Ohrnöppel“ angetan, der sich wie ein
Ohropax anfühlt. Hier habe ich auch das Gefühl, dass der In-Ear im Ohr
bleibt.Das Koppeln mit einem Samsung A40 hat nicht ganz so problemlos geklappt
(im 2. Anlauf klappt es aber prima). Die Software ließ sich anstandslos
installieren. In der App lässt sich der ohnehin schon sehr gute Klang dann noch
ein wenig anpassen. Dafür sollte man tatsächlich ein wenig Zeit zum Herumspielen
und Ausprobieren einplanen - es lohnt sich!Die Touch-Oberflächen der Beoplay E8
sind eigentlich super, nur leider gehöre ich zu den Menschen, die schon allein
aufgrund meiner langen (wilden!) Haare, sich durchaus einmal mit der Hand
reflexartig ans Ohr packen – unter anderem um den Sitz der In-Ears zu
überprüfen. Dabei kann man leicht aus Versehen die Lautstärke ändern oder die In
Ears ausschalten – oder im schlimmsten Fall die In-Ears aus den Ohren hauen.
Aber man gewöhnt sich schon irgendwann daran.Den Transparency Mode finde ich
nicht ganz so einfach zu kontrollieren. Das Leiserstellen funktioniert zwar
tadellos, aber es wieder auf die ursprüngliche Lautstärke zu bekommen klappt
momentan bei mir noch nicht richtig. Da muss ich dann doch das Handy zur Hand
nehmen.Dafür kam es bei mir aber bislang (bei normaler Nutzung) noch nicht zu
Verbindungsabbrüchen. Das klappt wirklich gut. Telefonieren funktioniert auch
(bedingt) gut. Das Annehmen des Gesprächs ist intuitiv. Die Soundqualität (vor
allem auch die Verständlichkeit am anderen Ende) ist definitiv gegeben. Und wenn
der Anrufer selbst auflegt ist alles prima, dann geht die Musik weiter. Wenn der
Anrufer dies jedoch nicht tut, dann muss ich momentan wieder das Handy zur Hand
nehmen, da das dann wohl nicht so intuitiv ist.Mit der Akkuleistung bin ich
soweit zufrieden. Aufgrund des Lade-Case kann man ja mehrfach nachladen, so dass
man auch eine längere Reise durchaus gut überstehen kann.Somit kann ich also
sagen, dass ich die Beoplay wirklich hervorragend finde. Es gibt nur wenige
kleine (meist anwenderbedingte) Kritikpunkte, die aber nicht wirklich zum Abzug
führen. Wichtig ist aber, dass mit dem grandiosen "Ohropax-Ohrnöppel" die
Beoplay E8 die ersten In-Ears sind, bei denen ich mir ein "rhytmisches Hin- und
Herwackeln" des Kopfes ohne Verlustängste zutraue!
    There are so many different ear pieces, easy to get a perfect fit. They feel
very secure once in place, I haven’t had any problems with them falling
out.Battery life if awesome, lasts very long. You don’t need to worry about
toting around a cord to charge these if you’re out for the day. I love the
little carrying/charging case. The earbuds are fully inclosed so they won’t get
mixed up with other things if they’re tossed in a purse or backpack.My biggest
pet peeve is that the left earbud can’t be used independently. If the right one
goes onto the charger it automatically turns off the left. I almost exclusively
use one earbud at a time. I need to be able to hear what’s going on around me.
It hasn’t really been a problem, seeing as the battery life is so long. So I use
the right one a lot.The sound is so, so great! Really great! Also, using to make
calls is simple and very clear for the other person. There’s been no problems
with that at all.There’s a handy app that will pair up with the earbuds and you
can play with the settings to really customize to your needs. Also, a function
guide, which I found useful especially when these were new.All in all, I would
recommend for sure!
    Als Benchmark für die Beoplay E8 der 3.Generation dienen die derzeit von mir
verwendeten Sennheiser Momentum. Im Vergleich zu diesen sind die Beoplay
geringfügig leichter, sie wiegen einzeln etwa 6 Gramm und sind im Ohr getragen
unaufdringlich und bequem. Dagegen bringen die Sennheiser jeweils 7 Gramm auf
die Waage, den Tragekomfort empfinde ich dennoch als gleichwertig.Die Verbindung
mit dem Handy via Bluetooth ist bei den Beoplay wie bei den Sennheiser denkbar
einfach und funktioniert auch problemlos. Ebenso funktioniert die Bedienung
durch Berühren der Touchpads bei beiden Geräten einwandfrei. Die notwendige
Abfolge der Berührungen und die entsprechenden Funktionen hat man schnell
verinnerlicht. Zusätzlich zu den Touchspads können beide Ohrhörer auch über eine
Smartphone-App gesteuert werden. Hier findet man jeweils einen Equalizer für
eine erweiterte Klangregelung. Praktisch sind zudem die kleine Transportboxen,
die auch als Ladestation und Powerbank für die Ohrhörer genutzt werden. Die
Beoplay-Box ist zudem mit Leder überzogen und kann kabellos geladen werden.Die
Beoplay E8 können aber nicht nur optisch und technisch überzeugen, auch die
Klangqualität stimmt. Der Sound kommt mit relativ viel Volumen und ist dabei
klar und detailreich, auch feine Nuancen und einzelne Instrumente sind hörbar.
Dazu kommen schnelle, knackige und druckvolle Bässe, die weder dröhnen noch
brummen. Die Beoplay E8 eigenen sich praktisch für alle Musikstile, ich fand ihn
bei Rock und Pop genauso überzeugend wie bei Klassik. Ebenso sind
Telefongespräche kein Problem, die Sprachübertragung ist in beiden Richtungen
ist sehr klar und deutlich. Im Vergleich zu den Sennheiser Momentum kann ich
keinen signifikanten Unterschied in der Klangqualität heraushören, beide
Ohrhörer können hier voll überzeugen.Insgesamt sind die Beoplay E8 genauso
empfehlenswert wie die Sennheiser Momentum. Die Beoplay sind bei gleichwertiger
Klangqualität und Funktionalität geringfügig kleiner und leichter, Die Material-
und Verarbeitungsqualität sowohl der Ohrhörer, als auch des mitgelieferten
Zubehörs hinterlässt einen sehr hochwertigen Eindruck. Die Bedienung mittels
Touchpads ist praktisch und funktionell, der Klang ist für kleine In-Ear
Ohrhörer sehr gut.
    Ich durfte die 3. Generation des E8 testen. Einerseits bin ich B&O Fan,
andererseits hatten mich die vielen, doch sehr schlechten Rezensionen schon
aufgeschreckt und ich war ganz gespannt, als ich das Paket in er Hand
hatte.Äußerlich scheint sich nichts geändert zu haben, die Box sieht edel aus,
die Kopfhörer sind sehr leicht und passen bei mir mit den Default Silikon
Aufsätzen hervorragend. Auch nach langer Zeit, ist das nicht unangenehm.In
einigen Rezensionen wurde der magere Sound bemängelt, den die Kopfhörer abgeben.
Das konnte ich nach dem ersten Einstöpseln und der problemlosen Bluetooth
Verbindung eindeutig nachvollziehen und war richtig erschrocken.Dann habe ich
aber die B&O App auf meinem IOS Phone installiert und mit einmal war der Sound
hervorragend.Es gab auch keinerlei Probleme mit der Verbindung. Weder Bluetooth
noch der Verbindung zur App.Die Software auf den E8 ist aktuell die 5.0.0. Die
scheint wohl mit der aktuellen Generation ausgereift zu sein.Was ein bisschen
nervig ist, ist die Bedienung der Kopfhörer mit den unterschiedlichen Gesten.
Knöpfe sind mir nach wie vor lieber. Problematisch ist das vor allem bei langen
Haaren.Aber eigentlich braucht man nur den Tip rechts - Verbindung mit dem
Smartphone und Tip links - Noise reduction an/aus.Und das klappt prima.Der Sound
ist, wie oben schon erwähnt tadellos. Weder die Höhen noch die Tiefen
dominieren. Auch die Noise Reduction ist fantastisch. Wenn die eingeschaltet
ist, nimmt man nicht mehr viel von der Umgebung wahr. Also Vorsicht beim Fahrrad
fahren! Auch die leidigen Wind Geräusche fallen durch die in ears weg.Den Sound
kann man aber über die App auch seinen individuellen Vorlieben anpassen und
diese Konfigruration dann speichern.Die App ist einfach und intuitiv. Nicht
überladen aber alles, was wichtig ist, ist schnell im Zugriff.B&O scheint sich
vieler Kritik angenommen zu haben und hat scheinbar sehr viel in die Optimierung
gesteckt und das ist gelungen.Über den Preis bei B&O zu reden ins müßig, aber
wenn man bereit ist das Geld auszugeben, erwartet einen keine Enttäuschung.
    These Bang and Oulfsen Beoplay E8 Headphones are hands down the best In-Ear
Wireless Ear Buds that I have ever tried! They have amazing sound quality, are
extremely comfortable to wear, have some really unique features and the battery
life is just outstanding.I use these ear buds to listen to both music and
podcasts and they make everything sound fantastic. The sound is very clean,
sharp and undistorted and the bass isn’t at all overpowering. There is also an
app that allows you to adjust the sound settings (such as bass and treble) to
your own personal taste.The microphone is also worth mentioning because it does
a great job at isolating my voice and blocking out background noise. I use my
phone a lot for work and I usually find the microphones on earbuds to be awful,
so I really appreciate the quality.One of my favourite parts about these ear
buds are the fit. I have really small ears and I struggle to find earpieces that
actually stay in and don’t hurt my ears. I like that they come with different
sized silicone and foam inserts which allow you to get the best fit possible.
This new compact version has been designed to fit more ear shapes and sizes too
which is just perfect for those with smaller and larger ears.They also have a
super neat feature called “Transparency Mode” which allows you to hear what's
going on around you with great clarity without having to take out the buds. I
used to wear only one ear bud so I could be more aware of my surroundings but
this unique feature means I can keep both buds in.The charging case is amazing
and is such a handy thing to have because I can just pop them in and charge them
when I am on the go. It takes them back up to full charge up to 4 times which is
more than any charging case I have tried.Overall, I am absolutely thrilled with
these ear buds and can’t praise them enough. The quality is outstanding as is
the battery life and neat (and unique) features. They are obviously quite
expensive but they are definitely worth it. I HIGHLY recommend them!
    Auricolari wireless di una delle principali marche audio. Credo che chiunque
abbia sentito nominare almeno una volta la Bang Olufsen: questa società è uno
dei maggiori produttori di periferiche audio. Spesso collabora con altri marchi
dall'IT proprio perchè fornisce la parte audio in tanti device, come pc,
autoradio, stereo ecc. In questo caso ha prodotto in proprio degli auricolari
wireless posizionandosi nella fascia alta del mercato.Le caratteristiche
principali di questi auricolari sono: le dimensioni contenute che fanno si che
gli auricolari siano inseriti nell'orecchio e non sporgano molto. La potenza dei
bassi, cosa che non poteva mancare in un prodotto della Bang Olufsen, che
contraddistinguono questi auricolari dai concorrenti. La cura usata anche nella
custodia che è di pelle, bella da vedere ma anche notevole al tatto.Cose che
invece non mi hanno convinto: non hanno la cancellazione del rumore. Per degli
auricolari venduti a questo prezzo mi sembra un grosso limite.Non c'è un'app
dedicata: forse può sembrare una banalità visto che in questo basta attivare il
bluetooth sul nostro device e gli auricolari si connettono. Ma la mancanza di
un'app dedicata non permette per esempio di avere un equalizzatore sul quale
intervenire.L' audio sicuramente buono per musica ma un pò meno in
chiamata.Giudizio finale: sicuramente un ottimo prodotto, realizzato con
materiali molto validi e di pregio, che però viene venduto ad un prezzo
veramente elevato, superiore ai concorrenti diretti che offrono effettivamente
caratteristiche migliori su tanti aspetti.
    ☆ Das Produkt ☆Ich durfte die schwarzen Beoplay E8 Earbuds samt Ladeschale
von BANG & OLUFSEN testen. Diese Kopfhörer sind bereits die dritte Generation
ihrer Reihe und sollen durch technisch verbesserte Leistung, einen einmaligen
Klang, lange Nutzungsdauer, wie auch eine besonders angenehme Bedienung
überzeugen.Besonders gut gefällt mir:👍 Der Sound👍 Die ErgonomieEher weniger
gefällt mir:👎 Leichte Probleme beim Bluetooth👎 Kleinere Probleme unterwegs durch
Funkstörungen☆ Klangerlebnis ☆Die kleinen Soundwunder bieten ein sauberes
Klangerlebnis. Die Höhen und Tiefen sind erstaunlich klar, die Bässe stark und
kraftvoll, ohne zu schnarren. Der Sound ist erstaunlich rund - Und einmal
eingesteckt dämpfen sie den Sound gut aus, sodass man auch mal lauter machen
kann, ohne seine Mitmenschen zu stören. Genauso blenden sie zuverlässig die
Umgebung aus. Es handelt sich also um geschlossene Kopfhörer. Dies sollte
unbedingt im Straßenverkehr bedacht werden!☆ Tragekomfort und Ergonomie ☆Die
Passform ist ebenfalls sehr gut. Man würde denken, dass die kleinen Kopfhörer
aus dem Ohr herausfallen, dass ist mir aber tatsächlich nur einmal passiert und
lag daran, dass ich sie nicht richtig fest eingesteckt hatte. Man bekommt im Set
zwei zusätzliche Ohrstöpselgrößen, damit jedes Ohr individuell bestückt werden
kann. Die In-Ear Kopfhörer werden ohne Kabel genutzt und bieten eine
ergonomische Bedienung durch simples Tippen. So werden sie am linken Kopfhörer
durch ein Wischen aus- oder angestellt, durch ein gedrückt halten leiser
gestellt und durch ein tippen geht man ein Lied zurück. Der rechte Kopfhörer
wiederum ist für das lauter machen, als Pauseoption mit einem einmaligen Tippen
und als Vorwärtsoption konzipiert. Sie sind sehr sensibel bei Berührungen, was
manchmal dazu führt, dass man nur bei einem leichten Dagegenkommen ausschaltet,
ein Lied weiter springt oder zurück. Das ist ein wenig nervig, aber Meckern auf
hohem Niveau.☆ Akkuladung und Ladeschale ☆Die Ladeschale ist ziemlich schnell
aufzuladen und zeigt durch eine rote und grüne Kontrollleuchte an, wann die
Schale bereit ist und ob sie wieder aufgeladen werden muss. Auch die Kopfhörer
haben Kontrolleuchten, die bei Verbindung Blau aufleuchten und bei
Verbindungssuche ein weißes Blinksignal aufzeigen. Die Kopfhörer werden jedes
Mal, wenn man sie wieder in die Ladeschale zurücklegt, geladen. Das ist
natürlich immer nach Nutzung der Fall, denn hier werden sie auch sicher
aufbewahrt und sollten auch nur darin herumgetragen werden, um sie vor
Außenwirkung zu schützen. Die Ladeschale ist sehr stabil und verträgt einiges an
Kraft oder Aufprall. Hinten an der Schale befindet sich der Eingang für das
Ladekabel, welches an einem PC über USB angeschlossen werden kann. Natürlich
kann man sich auch einen Steckdosenadapter besorgen und die Schale dann an der
Steckdose laden, wenn gewünscht.☆ Bluetoothverbindung ☆Die Bluetoothverbindung
ist sehr zuverlässig, wenn die Kopfhörer einmal verbunden wurden. Dennoch hatte
ich jedes Mal, bei jedem neuen Verbinden das Problem, dass mein Handy sie zwar
sofort anzeigte, sie aber noch nicht ganz angeschlossen waren, obwohl sie die
Signaltöne wiedergaben, die sie wiedergeben, wenn sie angeschlossen sind. Was
hier half war simpel sie wieder in die Schale zu legen, die Schale zu schließen,
wieder zu öffnen und sie herauszuholen und alles nochmal zu probieren. Beim
zweiten Mal klappte es dann immer, keine Ahnung, warum. Auch ist es
zwischendurch in der Stadt zu Störsignalen gekommen, zwischendurch wurde die
Musik dann mal abgehackt oder auf dem linken Stöpsel hörte man ein minimales
Rauschen. Das bleibt aber zum Glück sehr gering und im Vergleich zum Sound wenig
belastend, wenn man in der Preisklasse auch Makellosigkeit erwarten kann.☆
Telefonie ☆Für die Telefonie sind sie durchaus geeignet, ihren Hauptwert sehe
ich aber im Musik hören. Man spricht automatisch lauter, wenn man sie drin hat,
weil sie eben ähnlich wie Ohrstöpsel funktionieren. Das kann für Umstehende
störend sein und auch für den Gesprächsteilnehmer, der mich zwar recht gut
verstehen konnte, aber das Gespräch eher als anstrengender empfand.☆ Die App
☆Die App lässt sich schnell installieren, ist aber in der Ausführung sehr
holprig. Meine App erkannte die Kopfhörer simpel nicht, auch nach mehrmaligen
Versuchen, an- und ausschalten etc. nicht. Daher habe ich die App irgendwann
deinstalliert, weil ich sie eben so nicht nutzen konnte.Vergleich: Jabra Elite
75tDie Beoplays haben einen klareren Sound im Vergleich zu den Jabra und auch
weniger Störgeräusche, werden aber dann doch im Punkt Produktpräsentation
geschlagen, sowie Preisintensität. Die Jabra kosten die Hälfte und sind in der
Leistung annähernd vergleichbar, sowie in der Verpackung sehr schön präsentiert,
wenn ich auch die Beoplays präferiere, weil das Sounderlebnis einfach um Längen
besser ist, aus meiner Sicht. Trotzdem, für Erstnutzer lohnt sich die Überlegung
erst einmal ein günstigeres Modell auszuprobieren. Die Jabra sind im Vergleich
sehr schnell und immer gut mit dem Bluetooth verbunden, der Sound ist auch gut,
aber nicht ganz so ausgewogen, wie bei den Beoplays. Wer sich etwas gönnen will
macht hier eine richtige Entscheidung, wer noch mit sich hadert, der kann sich
auch guten Gewissens für die Jabras entscheiden.☆ Fazit ☆Die Beoplays der neuen
Generation sind tadellos im Sound und tragen sich äußerst angenehm. Besonders
der Bass hat mich enorm beeindruckt, sowie die kleinen Feinheiten, die man bei
besonders aufwendiger Musik genau heraushört. Die Beoplays bieten ein
Surrounderlebnis und sehen sportlich aus, auch haben sie eine gute Passform für
verschiedene Ohrgrößen. Zu bemängeln gibt es hier wenig, aber dennoch
Entscheidendes: Die Bluetoothkonnektivität ist manchmal sehr knifflig und kann
auch mal zwei Anläufe dauern, was besonders unterwegs einfach sehr zeitraubend
ist, weil man sich schon dabei konzentrieren muss, wenn man die kleinen Stöpsel
herausholt und alle Einstellungen erneut durchführen muss. Auch muss ich einen
kleinen Abzug geben, was die Störanfälligkeit betrifft. Hier kann es
zwischendurch mal zu Musikstörungen und Unterbrechungen kommen, was selten
bleibt, aber eben bei einem hochpreisigen Produkt dieser Klasse etwas ärgerlich
ist.Da mich der Klang einfach umhaut gebe ich gerne 4,3 Sterne für diese sehr
gut konzipierten In-Ears. Wer was richtig soundgewaltiges sucht mit feinen
Nuancen der wird hier überrascht sein, wie gut die kleinen Teile arbeiten und
das sie einem hochwertigen Vollkopfhörer da in nichts nachstehen. Wenn man
kleinere Abzüge beim Bluetoothsignal verschmerzen kann und etwas Geduld
mitbringt, dann wird man hier lange seine Freude haben und so schnell auch keine
neuen Kopfhörer brauchen, da sie sehr gut und äußerst qualitativ verbaut
sind.Aktualisierung:Nachdem ich die Kopfhörer nun zwei Tage in nicht nutzte und
heute wieder nutzen wollte erkennt mein Handy sie nicht mehr. Egal, was ich
anstelle: Mir wird immer angezeigt, dass "der Pin falsch" sei. Da es leider auch
keine sehr genaue Anleitung mit Fehlermeldungen oder evtl. einer Behebung
gängiger Errors gibt bin ich hier gerade noch überfragt. Ich werde nun einmal
versuchen, die Ear Buds über Nacht mit Stromanschluss aufzuladen, dann morgen
noch einmal versuchen, sie zu connecten. Übrigens konnten sie auch bei anderen
jetzt nicht mehr erkannt werden. Statt der vorigen Anzeige und automatischen
Verbindung wird nun zweimal "Beoplay E8" angezeigt, beides ist mit einem Klick
nicht zu aktivieren. Sollte ich das Problem beheben können, so werde ich die
Lösung hier niederschreiben. Sonst werde ich den Verkäufer kontaktieren und um
Hilfe bitten. Findet sich allerdings hierfür keine Lösung, dann werde ich meine
Bewertung anpassen müssen.
    Rilassatevi, la recensione sarà lunga!+++ CONFEZIONE +++Auricolari Beoplay
E8 3a GenCustodia di ricarica (predisposta per la ricarica wireless)Cavo da
USB-C a USB-A4 inserti in silicone (XS, S, M e L)1 inserto in schiuma comply
(M)Istruzioni brevi+++ MATERIALI, DESIGN e COMFORT +++Gli auricolari hanno un
design moderno, pulito e lineare. Sicuramente serioso ed elegante. I materiali
sono piacevoli al tatto e il feeling del touch è ottimale.L'inserimento nel
canale uditivo è semplice e non necessita di spiegazioni, come mi è capitato con
altri auricolari, anche di fascia alta, come questi. Restano per bene al loro
posto, caratteristica imprescindibile.La custodia mi pare in vera pelle,
soprattutto dall'odore. Ciò può far storcere il naso a chi non vede oggigiorno
più necessario sacrificarli a questi scopi non proprio fondamentali.Gli
auricolari sono dichiarati IP54, quindi protetti da polvere e spruzzi d'acqua e
sudore.+++ CARATTERISTICHE TECNICHE +++Dimensioni: * auricolari: 2,5 x 1,9 x 2,6
cm * custodia: 7,05 x 4,6 x 3,45 cmPeso: * auricolari: 5,8 g ciascuno *
custodia: 55 g (senza auricolari)Frequenza: 20 – 20.000 HzMicrofono: MEMS
omnidirezionale, 4 microfoniSpeaker: driver elettrodinamico, diametro 5,7
mmSensibilità: 107 ± 3 db/mW a 1kHzImpedenza: 16 OhmBluetooth: 5.1Codec: SBC,
AA, Aptx+++ AUDIO +++L'audio mi pare molto buono.Nel complesso il suono mi pare
ben bilanciato. Tramite l'app (di cui parlerò in seguito) è possibile modificare
l'esperienza utilizzando una sorta di equalizzatore.Per motivi ignoti, come
avevo anche notato per le cuffie   Cuffie wireless over-ear Bang & Olufsen
Beoplay H4 2a Generazione    , neanche per questi auricolari hanno pensato di
aggiungere la cancellazione attiva dei rumori, caratteristica ormai
imprescindibile per prodotti di questa fascia alta.Per quanto non vi sia una
cancellazione attiva del rumore, che comunque per me è decisamente grave per
questa fascia di prezzo, l'isolamento passivo delle cuffie è abbastanza
buono.L'audio catturato dai microfoni è molto buono e ho avuto modo di testarlo
in più chiamate e gli interlocutori non hanno avuto problemi a sentirmi.+++
COMANDI +++L'interazione con gli auricolari avviene tramite un'interfaccia touch
presente su entrambi gli auricolari.Descrivere ogni singola funzione ha poco
senso, poiché un'immagine vale molto più di mille parole e pertanto vi invito a
cercarla tra le mie allegate alla recensione.Il mapping, almeno per me, è
risultato estremamente naturale.Mi soffermo su una funzionalità tipica per
auricolari e cuffie di questa fascia, chiamata in modi diversi da ogni
produttore, che qui è – rullo di tamburi – il "Transparency Mode". Consente (con
un singolo tap sull'auricolare sinistro) di sentire i suoni ambientali senza
dover rimuovere gli auricolari stessi. Semplicemente, grazie ai microfoni
presenti, i suoni esterni vengono riproposti all'interno delle cuffie. Tramite
l'app è possibile scegliere quanto sentire dei suoni esterni.+++ APP +++L'app
consigliata da installare immediatamente, ma proprio subito subito secondo la
guida, è "Bang & Olufsen", disponibile per Android a partire dalla versione 6.0
e iOS dalla versione 10.0. Beh, in realtà non serve assolutamente nell'utilizzo
normale delle cuffie! Non sentitevi assolutamente in obbligo di farlo.Richiede
naturalmente la creazione di un account, il che può far infastidire gli utenti.
Certo che li può infastidire! Sostanzialmente non serve a nulla: ha solo una
sottospecie di equalizzatore che non spiega in alcun modo cosa si stia
modificando del suono.Sì, l'app serve ad aggiornare il firmware e ad impostare
il livello di "Transparency Mode", ovvero quanto avvertire dei suoni ambientali,
ma mi dà più l'idea che lo scopo sia avere i dati dell'utente tramite la
creazione dell'account!+++ BATTERIA +++L'autonomia dichiarata (con un volume
medio) è di 7 ore e si può arrivare sino a 35 ore con la ricarica fornita dalla
custodia. Si parla di un incremento notevole rispetto al modello 2.0, che
duravano al massimo 4 ore e 16 con la custodia.I tempi di ricarica sono:*
auricolari: 2 ore* custodia con USB-C: 2 ore* custodia con ricarica wirelesse:
2,5 oreLa ricarica rapida consente di avere 1,5 ore di utilizzo riponendo per
soli 20 minuti gli auricolari nella custodia.+++ CONCLUSIONI +++Cuffie dal
design assolutamente piacevole, comode da indossare e con una durata di batteria
molto buona. L'app è quasi inutile.Mi stupisco del fatto che non abbiano un
benché minimo di cancellazione attiva del rumore, quando concorrenti che offrono
prodotti di qualità analoga a prezzi anche inferiori la implementano.Al momento
in cui scrivo questa recensione (29 gennaio 2020) non è presente il prezzo, ma
andando sul sito ufficiale mi sono spaventato: si parla di 350€. È tanto,
troppo, soprattutto rispetto a modelli concorrenti con caratteristiche che
reputo superiori. Se il prezzo a cui saranno venduti questi auricolari sarà più
accettabile, aggiungerò una stella alla recensione.
Cuffie wireless over-ear Bang & Olufsen Beoplay H4 2a Generazione
    These B&O Beoplay in-ear earphones produce very clear music.  Vocals are
crisp and clear as are the instruments.  I found bass is a little on the weak
side for me, but still good.  You can adjust the sound settings such as bass and
treble through your device's app if it has the feature.  Controlling playback is
done through tapping either the right or left depending on what you want done.
For example to increase the volume, you would press on the right earphone and
keep it pressed.  To lower you would do the same but with the left earphone.
Tap once to pause and again to play.Phone call quality was very good.  The
person at the other end could hear me clearly as I could them.To pair you place
them close to each other and press on both of the earphones back simultaneously
till you see the lights change to flashing blue.  Go to your device, scan and
pair.  That easy.  I successfully paired it to the S9+, TabA and Alexa (Echo
show).  For Alexa echo devices, you will need to use the Alexa settings for the
device that you wish to pair it to.To turn the earphones off, place them back
into their very convenient charging case.  Ensure that you keep the charging
case charged for longevity.  Lithium ion batteries do not last long if allowed
to completely discharge.These earphones are great when you are out and about
such as at the gym.  The small case makes them easy to bring anywhere.  While I
generally like over the ear headsets, these Beoplay earphones are comfortable
and weigh next to nothing.  I find that their earpieces are comfortable and non-
irritating to the ear.  The Beoplay earphones are of high quality stowed in a
very small easy to carry package that charges on the go.  This is the second set
that I have owned and enjoyed.  Easy to pair, to use and to listen to your
favourite music.
    Oh. So disappointed. I really wanted to LOVE the Bang & Olufsen Beoplay E8
3rd Generation True Wireless in-Ear Bluetooth Earphones, Qi Charging 35 Hours of
Playtime, Black and give them a 5 star review, but I just can't.  I suspect that
my set has some bad wiring in the right earbud that is marring the sound quality
- creating a hiss, echo and almost a static sound.There are a LOT of really nice
features to these earbuds if you get a good set.1.  They are really simple to
use.2. They fit in your ears well, and stay in. They are provided with different
sizes and one of them will work.3.  The sound quality for bass is excellent.4.
The app allows you to adjust the sound/tone for different situations with pre-
sets, and allows you to customize those.5. They last a long time - mine did a
good 30 hours before they really needed charging (ie, the earbuds lasted about
6.5 hours and then there were supposed to be 4 charges in the case)6. The Qi
charge capability is handy, but a wired option also exists.7. They paired easily
with my Dell computer and my iPhone. Bluetooth works well.8.  The app allows for
music setting to allow talk-through at different levels.  Very convenient.
Doesn't change the volume of the music, but does allow you to hear through or
past the music.Some bad things, besides the sound issue already mentioned.1. The
app won't save my preferences and settings/customizations, so each time I open
it, I have to start from scratch.2.  The case flashes "red" even when I know the
buds are charged fullyTake home - if I had purchased this set, they would be
returned/exchanged to try another set because of the issue with the right
earbud. I am curious to see if anyone else has this issue.
    ***Positive***+Premium Materials (Case, Ear Buds);+USB C Charging
Capabilities;+Wireless Charging Optional;+Excellent Sound Quality;+Pairing to
Phone & Computer is Instant;+Outstanding Battery Life;***Negative***-Rapid
Movement Leads to Headphones Falling Out of Ear (fitness/gym);-Bluetooth Sound
Transmission Issues;-Microphone is Mediocre [Experience Using Product]For this
review, I tested the Bang & Olufsen Beoplay E8 (3rd gen) for 2 weeks of
consistent usage.Unboxing the E8's feels like a premium experience; inside the
box, you will find:-Ear Buds-Charging Case-USB C Charging Cable (in the event
wireless charging is not available)-Interchangeable Ear Tips (various
sizes)-Instruction Manual (very detailed and illustrated)Material:The earbuds
and charging case are both well designed with no sign of imperfection; in-fact,
they are perfectly engineered and when touching either, you will immediately
feel the premium quality of material used in their creation.Sound Quality:This
is my favourite part. The sound quality is outstanding for earbuds and is by
far, the best sounding earbuds I have ever used for a variety of different music
genres. Normally, I would use over-ear and on-ear headphones to listen to music
however, this was not the case when using these.Microphone:I used these earbuds
for about 10 hours of phone calls over a 2 week period, between business
associates, family and friends. One remark that was made at times was my voice
quality. It was said by those I was speaking with, the voice quality was low
quality, but clear enough to understand. During some of the phone calls, I
swapped different in-ear headphones to compare the microphone and had the person
I was speaking with rate the quality of the microphone; the galaxy buds (1st
gen) "almost the same"; the bose 'sounded much better' ; the airpods "sounded
excellent, very clear and the best out of all selections" when comparing the
microphone.Bluetooth Pairing:Within a few seconds, you can pair the earbuds to
your phone or computer, by simply tapping in the inner area of the ear buds to
activate the pairing feature. Throughout my usage, the pairing feature was
always successful.Moreover, Bluetooth 5.1 is activate, meaning longer distances
between you and your phone (note: phone must also have Bluetooth 5.0+) and
better overall sound quality.Bluetooth Sound Transmission:One concern was
sometimes after pairing, only 1 of 2 earbuds will generate sound, therefore
forcing you to unpair and repair. Normally, after doing this 1 time, the sound
will begin generating out of both earbuds. I found this quite annoying at times.
In rare cases, I had to repair the earbuds 2-4 times.Battery Life:Now this is
the biggest technological development. The battery life is the best in the
industry in the earbuds category; I was able to achieve close to what the B&E
has described at 6 hours and 36 minutes (7 hours described in listing). The 35
hours of total play time takes the wireless charging case into consideration; I
was able to get 33 hours and 58 minutes from the case (35 hours described in
listing).Fitness/Gym:When jogging/running or moving rapidly through any form of
cardio activities, the ear buds constantly became loose and/or fell out of my
ear, even after using the interchangeable ear tips for sizing. Even when working
on abs/machines/free weights, it was evident the earbuds would eventually fall
out - just at a slower rate, therefore if you plan to use these at the gym or
for any fitness activity, I would recommend you look elsewhere.These earbuds
shine for home, office, walking - during my testing, they did not loosen or fall
out for these 'activities'.[Conclusion – Final Thoughts]If you want premium
earbuds for excellent sound quality, battery life and the latest technology
(Bluetooth 5.1, AAC/aptX codecs) then look no further. If the microphone is
important to you and using these for fitness/gym, you may want to look at other
options.
    These Ear buds are my alternative to sleeping headphones.  Husband SNORES
like anything, and I'd like to sleep in bed, so I've taken to putting these ear
buds in my ears overnight, and they work unless a) I take them out for some
reason, or b) I turn onto my full side and accidentally press the pause button
on the outside of the bud by laying on the pillow.But they get me to sleep, and
I can have the volume JUST loud enough that I can drown out Husband's snoring to
fall asleep and generally stay that way.  My ears are SUPER sensitive to
anything being in them, but these buds don't bother them too much unless I'm
laying directly on my side and there is pressure on the bud.The app was already
on my phone due to my Beoplay speaker, and adding these buds was simple enough -
I just had to reboot my computer to prompt the Bluetooth to connect.  You can
control the ear buds either on your phone or on the device themselves - the
phone and instructions tell you what different taps mean.Definitely leave them
on auto off mode (15 minutes they will turn off if there is no music or sound
coming to them from your device), otherwise they will die quickly.  I can get 3
nights out of them before I have to recharge them in their case.The charging
case is neat and magnetic, as it grabs the buds into place, and away they charge
- usually in the morning.When they are done charging, the light stops blinking
and you're ready to go.The sounds is great, as is (as per above) the exterior
sound blocking, and they don't hurt my inner ears, or generally fall out while
laying down, so I'm pretty happy.Having an option to stop the ear buds from
actioning them (i.e. not turning off when I turn on my side) would be great,
    As someone who listens to music almost all day and games a lot at night, a
good pair of bluetooth headphones is essential for me. I’ve tried quite a few
and I’m very particular about what I like when it comes to these headphones.
With just a few minor exceptions, the Beoplay E8 from Bang & Olufsen gets
everything right, and puts it all in a great looking package.Off the top, the
audio quality is very good for Bluetooth headphones. They can't compete with the
professional-level wired headphones some audiophiles will need, but if you’re
looking for headphones with no wires at all, these are about as good as you can
get audio-wise.The case the headphones charge in is a very stylish black
leather, and it is rounded so there are no corners poking you in the leg when
you have them in your pocket or your bag. The charging case holds enough charge
to get you through at least a week of frequent listening, and it charges via
USB-C, so it’s very fast to recharge. It also charges the earbuds quickly and
never frustrated me by forcing me to adjust the earbuds to line them up just
right before it would start charging.The touch controls here take a little
getting used to, and they’re split between both ears, so if you’re listening
with just one you can’t access all the touch controls. Once you’re familiar with
them, adjusting volume, stopping and starting your music, and answering calls
are all extremely easy to do. If anything, they’re too easy to do, as the entire
outwards-facing side of the earbuds is a touch control, which means when taking
the earbuds out of your ears you will often accidentally press one or both
buttons. One particularly useful feature is the transparency mode, which pauses
your music and enhances outside sounds, allowing you to listen clearly to what’s
going on around you without taking out the earbuds.Overall these earbuds are
stylish, they sound good, the controls are intuitive, the case looks great, and
the battery lasts a long time. These headphones are the complete package, and
they’re very simple to pick up and learn.
    If you are looking for a quick blurb about these earbuds, all you need to
know is although they are priced on the high side, they are just about perfect.
To learn more, read on.B&O is one of those brands that has never built anything
down to a price point. The same can be said about the E8's. However, in the
past, they had been lacking some very important, and in my opinion necessary
features. Some of these, like adding wireless charging was added in the second
version. With this, the third version, B&O had addressed just about every
concern and finally released a product that ticks almost every box and earns its
price tag.Like every B&O product ever, the build quality is excellent. The
earbuds are the smallest I have ever worn and among the lightest. To cut down on
weight, they are made from plastic, but in no way feel cheap. The thing I
appreciate most about them is the touch interface. Physical buttons on earbuds
never work well because every time you try and press them, you are just ramming
the earbud more into your ear, if you can press the usually incredibly small
button in the first place. The touch interface is the perfect solution to these
problems. All the functions you would want easily access with simple presses on
either the left or right earbud. From the usual volume and play/pause to
skipping tracks and even assistant functionality. There are plenty of options
for earpiece size using not only silicone inserts but foam ones as well for when
you really want to isolate outside noise. I would also like to note that these
are not meant for vigorous activities. They do not have any ear hooks or any
other means of securing then in your ears. That being said, they do fit quite
securely and given their lightweight will take a decent amount of effort to fall
out. Working out in a gym or riding a bike on the road you will have no issues.
However, if you plan on doing a lot of jogging I would consider another
product.The build quality of the case is excellent as well. It is leather-
wrapped and incredibly compact for its battery capacity. The case also feels
incredibly well made while still being lightweight. Also, since the second
generation of the E8's it also features Qi wireless charging. I am also very
impressed with the size and placement of the charging coil in the case. All of
the wireless chargers in my house are the stand styles which is sometimes an
issue when trying to line up coils properly. I had no such issues with the E8's
and my Pixel Stand (picture showing placement included) as well as my Spigen
wireless chargers. If you don't have a wireless charger, thankfully B&O decided
to use USB-C charging which is greatly appreciated (NOTHING should be using
micro-USB anymore). One really nice feature I wish every company included with
their wireless earbuds is magnetic docking. With those magnets, the earbuds are
held in the case securely and are always guaranteed to line up with the charging
contacts. You also never have to worry about them accidentally falling out. The
lid of the case is also held closed magnetically.Connecting to both my Android
phone as well as Surface laptop was a breeze. On your phone, you just connect
them like any other Bluetooth device. One they are paired you can install and
open the beoplay app for a few more options as well as firmware upgrades
(if/when they are needed). On my Surface laptop once I put them in pairing mode
within a few seconds I was prompted by the Windows 10 quick connect function to
pair the earbuds. I didn't have to manually search for them. However, if you
don't have this option enabled you can search for them the old fashioned way.The
battery life of the third generation E8's is probably the largest upgrade over
the second generation. B&O advertises 7 hours per charge which is a massive 3
hours over what was advertised on their predecessors. In my use, I was able to
get about 7 hours of listening time at approximately 60% volume. B&O advertises
that the case plus earbuds will give you a total listening time of 35 hours,
meaning the case will give you a further 4 full charges of the earbuds. Given
the accuracy of the earbud capacity, I have no reason to doubt the accuracy of
this claim. With my use, this will mean I can go weeks, if not months, between
case charges. To me, this is an incredible feat.The monumental increase in
battery life over the previous generation leads me to the next significant
upgrade over the 2nd generation, Bluetooth 5.1 and aptX HD audio. To many people
this doesn't seem important, it is. These changes mean that you will get a
better range, a more stable connection, and better sound all while using far
less power. When the second generation E8's were released their lack of these
features was shocking as many of their competitors included them at a lower
price. With these features included the third generation E8's can finally
justify their higher price compared to their competition.Audio performance, in
my opinion, is perfection. B&O has never followed the trend of using a lot of
bass in their sound profiles. Instead, they concentrate on giving the lister a
wide sound stage and clean sounds across all frequencies. The bass feels natural
and free from distortion across all volume levels. At high frequencies, sounds
are sharp and clear without sounding harsh. I experienced no listening fatigue
even after several hours. However, the real gem here is in the midrange.
Anything with vocals just sounds absolutely incredible. I have never been
disappointed with the sound quality on a B&O product and the E8's have not
changed that trend. Another positive is an almost complete lack of an audio
delay. Yes, there is one. There will always be one. However, unless you are
using an audio synching test you won't notice it. I was not able to notice any
issues with dialog synching connected to my phone or my laptop. Even using an
audio synching test the delay was under 1/20th of a second, which I would
consider essentially zero.Another significant upgrade, and the only physical
one, is the microphones. Yes, microphones, plural. They have included an array
of microphones for use not only with phone calls but the audio passthrough as
well. For phone calls these are easily the best earbuds I have used. They do an
excellent job of isolating my voice and filtering out background noise. If it is
an incredibly windy day, you will still have some clipping, but that is to be
expected. The audio passthrough is used when you want to be able to hear the
noise around you with your earbuds in. There are several different options to
customize the effect and these are found in the beoplay app you can install on
any of your mobile devices. The implementation of this feature is a little
different than other companies. With some earbuds when you enable the audio
passthrough its almost as if you arent wearing earbuds at all. With the E8's it
is a little different. At higher settings, it changes from an audio passthrough
to an audio boost. You can damn near hear a pin drop from across the room on the
highest setting. The only thing I wish B&O included was active noise canceling.
All the hardware is there to enable the feature, and although I wouldn't use it
often, it would be nice to have.Overall, I can't give these earbuds any rating
except 5-stars. Everything is perfect and well above my expectations. Yes, they
are expensive. Yes, it would have been nice if they included active noise
canceling. In every other way, they are perfect and easily the best wireless
earbuds I have ever used.
    Das sind meine ersten InEar kabellosen Hörer, deshalb gelangen mir die
ersten Hörgenüsse erst etwas stotternd.Geliefert werden die Earbuds in einer
klassisch schönen Pappschachtel. In dieser stabilen Pappschachtel befinden sich
neben den 2 InEars die Ladeschale und zwei Kabel (ein nicht europäischer
Steckeranschluss mit Kabel und ein Kabel für einen USB-Anschluss). Zusätzlich
gibt es noch ein paar gummierte Aufsätze für die Hörer. Vor der ersten Nutzung
sollte man die Earbuds erst einmal ca. 20 Minuten laden. Das geschieht in der
Ladeschale, die man mit dem USB-Kabel an einen entsprechenden schon vorhandenen
Stecker anschließt.Zuerst muss man die Hörer Pairen, das gelingt in der Regel
ohne Probleme. Eine kleine Bedienungsanleitung weist hier gut den Weg. Danach
kann man die Hörer über Bluetooth mit dem jeweiligen Gerät verbinden, von dem
aus man hören möchte.In einer Tabelle der Bedienungsanleitung findet man die
notwendigen Tastendrucke, um Verbindung aufzubauen, Lautstärke zu regeln oder
aber auch von Titel zu Titel zu springen oder die Hörer kurzzeitig zu „stoppen“,
um mehr von der „Außenwelt“ mitzubekommen. Hat man endlich den Unterschied von
Tippen bzw. Halten verinnerlicht, dann funktioniert das Ganze auch problemlos.
Für mich ist das allerdings etwas gewöhnungsbedürftig.Mein Smartphone hat
Bluetooth 5.0, diese Earbuds funktionieren mit der innovativen Technologie über
Bluetooth 5.1, das eine schnellere, effizientere und zuverlässigere Verbindung
bieten soll. Ich habe mit diesen Hörern (wenn meine Quelle sich in der mittleren
(1.) Etage unseres Hauses befindet) im Dachgeschoss (2. Etage) nicht bis in der
hintersten Ecke eines Zimmers sowie auch nicht im EG bis im entferntesten Zimmer
Kontakt. Er bricht irgendwann ab. Leider lässt sich die Verbindung dann auch
nicht wieder herstellen. Ich muss zurück zur Quelle…Wahrscheinlich ist die
Verbindung über Bluetooth 5.1. besser und stabiler. Zumindest bin ich aber schon
froh, dass ich mit Bluetooth 5.0 überhaupt eine Verbindung herstellen konnte.Der
Klang von Musik als auch von Sprache ist toll, lässt für meine Ansprüche nichts
zu wünschen übrig. Das Tragegefühl ist auch sehr angenehm.Fazit:Ich bin fast
rundum zufrieden mit diesen Hörern, die Bedienung muss ich noch ein wenig üben,
schade, dass ich offensichtlich mein Smartphone doch in der Nähe halten muss, um
einen unterbrechungsfreien Hörgenuss zu erhalten.
    These Bang & Olufsen Beoplay E8 Generation 3 Earphones arrived packaged very
nicely, I like that the packaging had a lot of sponge for protection during
transportation. The case that the earphones are in is beautiful, I love the
feeling and material used, it all feels like high quality.The earphones are
charged and ready to go on arrival, the app was very easy to install and pairing
with my iPhone was simple. The sound quality is pretty much the same as the last
generation which is awesome because it’s clear voices with loud bass which I
like. Using the app gives lots of customization options such as an
equalizer.Everything can be controlled from the earphones themselves without
touching your device. I’m able to pause and play, go back a track, skip a track,
turn the volume up and down and much more all from just tapping the
earphones.The previous generation of Beoplay E8 Earphones were about the same
quality and style but they weighed more and would cause my ears to hurt no
matter which fitting I used... with this new generation the earphones weigh less
and I don’t get the pain I used to get after only listening for a short amount
of time. I’m now able to listen for as long as I like without the ear
pain.Overall these are an amazing pair of earphones by Bang & Olufsen and
although very expensive I think it’s something to consider if you can afford it
just for the great sound and the sleek and modern look of the earphones built
with high quality materials.
    The Bang & Olufsen E8 Wireless Earbuds are innovative and stylish earbuds.
With up to 16 hours of playtime, these will last you all day. The touch controls
are the most useful functions for me. You can answer calls, change from ambient
noise mode to noise cancelling mode, and change songs. The wireless charging
case is made of leather and is stylish. I haven’t had any connectivity issues,
and it works seamlessly with my phone. It has a great bandwidth of tones. High,
Mids, and decent lows. They are a bit big, and for someone with smaller ears, it
can be a bit uncomfortable. The overall quality of the head phones appears to be
good.
    I am super picky about my earphones because I have tiny ears and the buds
usually don`t fit and hurt me.I was so pleased to see that this was not the case
with these buds.  Easy to insert and they look really nice - almost not even
noticeable if you have longish hair over your ear.  The sound quality was
amazing.  Crisp and clear sound - with absolutely no interference or fading in
and out.  No static, just lovely sound.Comes with its own charging case (where
you can easily put the buds) you can basically charge over bluetooth and it is
incredibly easy (yay!).  The case can be brought anywhere - purse, tote,
travel.These third generation ear buds apparently have a life expectancy of
approx 35 hours before they need charging (completely wireless)  but my
experience dictated that it was more about 25 hours before charging.
    J’ai été très agréablement surpris par ces écouteurs, le son est très pur et
très agréable à écouter. Les aigus ne sont pas agressif et son très précis, les
médiums sont équilibrés et apporte une excellente expérience sonore.Par contre
les basses et infrabasse manque de présence, c’est vraiment dommage, il ne
fallait pourtant pas grand-chose pour rendre ces écouteurs parfaits ! J’ai
essayé tous les réglage possible mais on a du mal à les rendre présente à
souhait.J’arrive à avoir approximativement le son souhaité garce à l’application
des écouteurs, il faut se rendre dans mode d’écoute personnalisé et emmener le
curseur sur le réglage chaud.Un réglage pratique dans l’application est le
paramétrage environnement, le curseur à quatre position et permet d’entendre ou
non les son extérieur au casque pour ne pas être complètement coupé du monde
lorsqu’on se déplace en vélo par exemple.Le réglage Bluetooth est parfois un peu
capricieux, il m’arrive souvent de devoir faire un reset pour retrouver un
fonctionnement correct (le reset se fait en appuyant sur chaque écouteur pendant
10 seconde, la led de chacun d’eux se mets alors à clignoter rouge). Je vous
conseille de lancer l’application « Bang& Olufsen » avant d’appairer les
écouteurs.Pour monter le volume il faut fait un appui long sur l’écouteur de
droite, pour le baisser il suffit de faire un appui long sur l’écouteur de
gauche. Deux tapes sur l’écouteur de droite font passer au titre suivant et deux
tapes sur l’écouteur de gauche font passer au titre précèdent.La recharge se
fait soit directement par induction ou bien avec un câble USB-C.Malgré leur
petit défaut ces écouteurs sont vraiment très bien pour une écoute prolongée et
de qualité.Je recommande
    Wow!!  These are - by far, not even close competition - the best earbuds I
have ever owned or tried.There is nothing not to like here.  Super lightweight,
incredibly long battery life - keeps going all day long - easy controls and
incredibly good sound quality.The case is perfect and of course pocket sized,
charging is effortless.These are as perfect as can be, and should be at this
price point!
    I'll keep this short. There is just not enough value to justify the $350
price tag.Purpose of PurchaseI go for a walk outside for an hour each day and I
am bored of the Sabbat E12 sound signature. For phone calls, I exclusively use
my Airpod Gen 2, nothing else comes close in terms of call quality. And if I'm
stuck in line or waiting in general, I use my Airpod Pros. My hope was that the
E8 Gen 2 could replace at least two of the above wireless earbuds.ReviewI don't
consider the Airpods Pro to have great sound quality. It's call quality is far
below that of the Airpods Gen 2. However, it's compatibility with iOS devices
and the ANC working wonders in noisy environments made the Airpods Pro a
keeper.To my ears, the Besue Sabbat E12 has superior sound to the Airpods Pro.
It also beats out the Sony WF-1000MX3, which I purchased on Black Friday but
returned after it failed to impress.Now, onto the E8 Gen 3. If I had to
quantify, the E8 sounds approximately 30% better than the Sabbat E12 in a quiet
setting. However, it is literally 5x the price. I get that there are diminishing
returns, but for 5x the price, I at least need to be blown away by the
improvement in sound compared to a $69.99 offering, right?So, the hunt
continues.Summary+ Best Sound+ Great Seal and therefore good passive noise
cancellation+ Nice Styling- Terrible Value- Horrendous call quality. Don't
bother for calls.- I have to listen at 60% volume whereas I listen at 30-40%
volume on all other wireless earbuds. And my ears hurt which means that although
I can't perceive the increased volume, the actual decibels are harming my
eardrums.
    Les écouteurs true wireless (écouteurs bluetooth sans fil) sont la dernière
grande tendance dans le monde de l’audio. Bang & Olufsen est sur ce marché
depuis longtemps puisque voici la 3ème version de leur modèle E8.Il est de plus
en plus difficile de lutter car la concurrence est montée en gamme, et a baissé
les prix.Les points positifs :- grand confort, bonne ergonomie- certification
IP54 : protection contre les poussières et  les projections d’eau de toutes
directions (un plus pour la transpiration, et donc pour faire du sport)- très
joli boitier de chargement, recouvert de cuir, fonctionnant en USB-C et
induction- accès aux fonctionnalités de réglages avancés grâce à l'application
dédiée B&O- les commandes se font tout simplement par un système de pression
directement sur chacun des écouteurs- bonne autonomieLes points faibles- absence
de réduction de bruit active, c'est étonnant car dans cette gamme de prix, les
concurrents le proposent- le prix, on paye clairement le prestige de la marque.
    Wie einfach und komfortabel doch Musikhören "on the road" möglich ist. Das
In-Ear-Beoplay lässt sich sehr einfach mit dem Smartphone verbinden und spielt
dann mit sicherer Verbindung ohne Abbrüche in einer mich überraschend guten
Klangqualität ..... was will man mehr?Deshalb kurz und knapp meine absolute
Kaufempfehlung !
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      B&O une marque connue et
reconnue dans le domaine du son.Ils ont créé des écouteurs premium - oui plus
cher que des AirP*ds !Mais la technologie et la qualité sont au rendez-
vous.Comparé à des écouteurs qui en valent le 10eme, ce n'est vraiment rien à
voir :Basses, Performance, Justesse de son, tout est là.Les commandes tactiles
sont efficaces : play pause / volume / activation du mode transparence (coupure
des sons extérieurs)Livrés dans une boite de rangement qui fait office de socle
de charge, on peut les utiliser pendant des heures (compter 3h en moyenne
d'autonomie par cycle d'écouteur). On peut les recharger plusieurs fois dans la
boite (annoncé 4 x)Cette boite est rechargeable par un cable USB-C ou par
induction avec un chargeur Qi.Top design, elle est un cuir.Un produit de très
grande qualité !Appl* avait placé la barre haute en terme de prix, B&O a fait
pire...
