    近頃流行のヒートベストのバッテリーとして購入。コンパクトでガサ張らずデザインも気に入りました。機能性も今のところ問題なく使えています。ただ付属のUSBコ
ードは使い物になりません。充電は他の物で代用して問題なく出来ました。説明書も英語のみで日本語の説明書があると良いですね。製品そのものは耐久性が不明ですが今のとこ
ろ満足しています
    電熱パンツ用に購入しました。小型、軽量とありますが、割と小型では有りますが軽量ではございません。('ε`;)しかし、ポケットに何とか入りますし、本来のバ
ッテリーとしての機能は十分。電熱パンツに使用、4時間使用してまだバッテリーは半分以上残っていました。残量がデジタルで判るのも良いかな。後は耐久性ですね。突然、使
え無くなるという事態だけは起こらない様に願うのみ！
    旅行に持って行くのに家族3人分を購入。黒とピンク。質感も見た目も気に入っています！先ず、手のひらサイズでびっくり！モバイルバッテリーはそこそこ重たいもの
が多いですが、わたしは思っていたほどの重量は感じませんでした。便利なのは残量が表示されること！見てすぐにわかるのが良かった。振ると表示されるのも面白いと思いまし
た。届いて100%までフル充電してから携帯に充電してみましたが（iPhone7）普通に問題なくできました。わかりやすい説明書も充電コード、ストラップも付属してい
ます。星４つなのは一点だけ、ストラップがつけられなかった。ストラップ用の穴に差し込むと入るのですが、紐の先が出てこずいったん断念。せっかくなので付けたいのでまた
、挑戦しますが・・・。紐が固めのものだとかもう少し入れて出しやすい工夫があると良いと思います。
    振るとディスプレイに電池残量が表示されます。この機能はボタンでも良いと思いますが、いちいちスイッチをONするような操作が必要ないのは良いです。USB-A
のポートが２つ搭載されていて、各2.1Aの給電が可能のようです。パソコン等は厳しいかと思いますが、スマホやUSB給電のファン等であれば十分に稼働します。サイズは
非常にコンパクト。厚みはそこそこありますが、手に収まるサイズです。また、材質もアルミと高級感のあるプラスチックで、所有欲が満たされます。特徴は充電するときに、普
段使用している（スマホの充電に）ケーブルがそのまま使用できることだと思います。USB-C、micro,lightningのどれでも充電できるのがすごいですね。ち
ょっと前に話題になったPSE認証はあるようです。
    13800mAhの小型バッテリーを購入しました。充電残量のデジタル表示があるので分かりやすいです。今まで25000mAh程度の長方形のモバイルバッテリー
を使ってきたのでかなりコンパクトで軽く感じます。厚みはそれほど変わらないです。私は基本的にスマホ充電が20％未満(赤表示)になってから充電するようにしています。
外出時に充電が少ない時に使うだけなのでこれで十分です。外出先で四六時中スマホをいじる人には容量不足かもしれません。
    ソーラーパネルからUSB Micro-BLED付きシガーソケットに付けた電源からUSB TYPE-Cで充電し排熱ファン用電源にしています。シガーソケット
側からもソーラーパネル側からも充電できています。ただしエンジン停止時にLED付きシガーソケットのLEDが点灯する事があり、逆流していると思われます。厳密に逆流を
防止したい人はリレーかダイオードで小細工する必要がありそうです。
    ソーラーからの充電、スマホ、アイコス、モンスターボール等への給電が目的で購入。中学生の息子用。以上3つの機器は、コネクタの種類がまったく異なりますが、付
属のケーブルでどれにでも対応できました。ソーラーパネルからの充電も問題なし。ただ、思っていたより重いです。軽量というのは言い過ぎかも。あと返品されたものなのかシ
ート剥がれがあったので星マイナス。返品可能期間中に何事もなければ改めて星増やそうかな
    一般的なモバイルバッテリーの大きさだと、カバンに入れて持ち運ぶときにかさばるのでもう少し小型のものがないか探していたところ、このバッテリーを見つけました
。サイズとしては、手のひらサイズと小さいですが、出力は高く、ポートも２つあるし、バッテリーの残量表示機能も付いているので機能性も大型のバッテリーと比べても特に差
は感じませんでした。持ち運び用のモバイルバッテリーとして重宝しています。
    仕事柄出張が多く持ち運びやすそうなこちらの商品の黒を購入しました。見た目はシンプルでとてもかっこいいです。手のひらサイズで178gととても軽いので持ち運
びにも困らないのでとても助かっています。また携帯とアイパッドなど二台同時に充電できるのもとても気に入っています！これからも愛用していきたいと思います！
    かさばらない物が良いと思い購入しました。結果思った通りポケットサイズでちょうど良いです。充電スピードも速く申し分ない商品と思います。
    とにかくカッコ良い！
    コンパクトな大きさで各社スマホに対応出来るので家族で持つスマホが色々な我が家には嬉しいです。少し重いと思いましたがバッグに入って２台同時に充電出来るので
満足です。
    特にありません。
    大きさは今まで使ってたモバイルバッテリーの半分だけど、容量はかなり大きいです！スマホの充電は4回ほどできるので、とても満足しています！
    割に重いのが気になります
    両面が凸レンズの様に膨らんでいて平ではない為、デスクなどに置くと揺れたり回転したりします。マイクロ-B　マイクロ-C　ライトニングが使えるのは便利です。
    重いのだけが難点です。
    こんなん買って無い
    使い勝手が良いです！！携帯もふるふるで4回ほど使えたりするので、全く不便さが感じません！
    小型であり、満足しています。強いて言うなら重い。
    写真よりデカイ。
    壊れてるLEDライト全く機能せず、この品物は買わない方が良い！
    写真より大きく、だいぶ厚めです。ライトついてるのは良い。
    付属品・軽さ、仕様全てに満足！
    👍
    画像と違ったものがきました
    期待通りの物ですね。この金額なら我慢出来る一品ですね。
    サイズが全く違う。コンパクトではない。とても分厚く重いので携帯性ゼロ。星もつけたくない。
    写真の様に女性の方がコンパクトに持てるサイズでは有りません。80×80ミリをちゃんと確認してから購入した方が良いです、私は断熱ベスト用にと思いましたが、
サイズを確認しなかった為入り切りませんでした。それと付属のライトは、無いよりは良い？程度で過度な期待はしないほうが良いと思います、充電等は普通に出来るので、あく
までも見た目の良い、充電器でした、箱の梱包システムがシールを破らなければ開封出来ない様にしてあるのがどうかと思います、これじゃ満足に返品も出来ませんね、親切では
有りません。
    写真はこれじゃない！！と思うほど小さくないし。重さは重くないけどこれならアンカーの定番のを買えば良かったかも。
    小さいからいいと思って買う方が多いと思いますが太さがあります。付属のケーブルではスマホに対応してないので充電できずでケーブルを買い直す必要がありました。
そのため、常に二つのケーブルを持ち歩くことに…。シャープのsh02mで使った感想でした。容量の割にはあまり充電できてない上記のスマホで二回少しぐらいしかできなか
った。
    電源部分などを含め写真とは違う商品が届きます。残念です。ただし、バッテリー容量とかの客観的な測定はしていませんが今のところ問題なく使えてます。
    手との写真より大きいし、厚みも親指の太さほどある。大きさは説明の数字を確認して。説明書は裏表とも英語表記、IN/OUT、ライトのつけ方などネットの写真か
らでしかわかりません。私のものはライトのオン/オフは電源スイッチのダブルクリックでした。
    購入品に関しては、日本語の説明書が欲しかったです。
    意外と重さ厚みがあった。
    写真より、実物は分厚くて大きいです。色はブラックではなく、レッドです。
    私も騙されました画像の大きさと実物の大きさがぜんぜん違います全て開けてから気がつきました値段と画像で決めてしまいましたが、みなさんは気をつけて下さい
    写真では小さく見えますがひと回り以上でかいです。小さい物が欲しかったのにでかい・・・失敗です・・・
    分厚い過ぎる❗️写真ではわざと分からないようにしているが、あまりの分厚さと重さにガッカリしちゃいました（ ;  ; ）
    個人の主観ですが、ライトの意味がよく分からない程度で 想像より大きく なぜか袋から出すと 白いペンキが剥がれたような粉が手に付き
本体がザラザラしていました充電するには問題ないですが付属のコードは使えません
    懐中電灯部分が点かない不良品らしかったです。バッテリーとして使うため問題ないですが商品としては問題があります。
    思っていたよりサイズが大きくバッグに入れてもちあるくにはかさばる感じです。
    思ったより大きくて重かったのが残念でした。色は赤で可愛くて気に入ってます。充電の速度はあまり早くありません。
    写真よりも大きかったです。金額からしたら仕方無いかもしれないですけど。この大きさなら買わなかったです。
    結論から言うと、買ったら欺されました後悔です。パッケージ開封直後までは良い感じですか、まず手に持つとデカい！商品写真よりはるかにデカいです、写真を上げま
したが成人男性170cmで手の平サイズです。まずはサイズが違う！充電容量を測定しましたが、誤差を考えても10000しか容量がありません13800てのも全くの嘘で
す。ちなみに同じチェッカーで国産メーカーを測定すると5000の所4750位の数値になります。サイズも違う、容量も違う買って損しか有りません。詐欺と言っても過言無
いレベルです。
    商品説明画像イメージよりかなり大きく驚きました。コンパクトではなく分厚いし、手のひらぐらいありますカラーもブラックのはずなのに裏側は真っ赤だし…騙された
感があります。商品レビューもこの商品のことではないことが書いてあり紛らわしいです。返品しようかと思いましたが運送屋さんに申し訳ないので我慢して使うことにしました
購入を検討されている方は 画像ではなく寸法や重量をしっかり確認してください。私はオススメしません。
    軽くはない。写真の大きさに騙されました。許容範囲ですが写真のようには小さくないです。分厚い。
    商品画面は正面で黒いですが、他は赤いです。当方は黒かと思いましたが、不注意です。性能には関係ないですが。電熱ベスト用です。温度設定にもよるでしょうが、こ
ちらでどのくらい持つかはこれからです。電熱ベスト用ですが、ベストのポケットの大きさによっては入らないです。こんなならば、正方形では無くて、長方形の方が良いです。
電熱ベストはダメでしたが、電熱パンツのポケットには入りました。しかし10000mAhで8時間持つはずがそこまでは持たず。容量表示13800mAhは微妙かも。
    デカいし分厚い。小さなカバンを使う人は困ります。分厚さはiPhoneSE2002，2台分くらい？昔買った、ドコモのモバイルバッテリーのが軽く薄いです。今
回は車内でのゲーム機の充電のため購入したので良いですが、iPhone用で持ち歩くのに必要になったら他のを買おうかな。先程レビューをみたら、同じようなレビューがあ
ったので、今から買う方は参考にして購入すべきです。
    日本語の説明がないため、どうすればよいのか全く不明なのと、13800は嘘では？消費が激しく充電にすごく時間がかかるので買ったら損をします。ゴミです。
    写真と全く違います。とにかくでかい軽量コンパクトは嘘です。
    テスターを購入したので１ヶ月半経ってテスターで計測したところ8600ミリAでした。購入時にテスターで計測しないと、全然容量が違いますね。
    それなりに重いですが容量考えたら当然です。バッテリー容量は本当かよ？って商品多いですがこれはちゃんと書いてある容量ありそうです。計測したわけではありませ
んが。電池残量もわかりやすく使いやすい。耐久度はまだわかりません。セールでしたが安かったので費用対効果抜群ですね。
    間違いなく現在私が持っているモバイルバッテリーの中で最もコンパクトです！　それだけにかなり気に入っていて最近はこちらのモバイルバッテリーを持ち歩くことが
多くなりました。小さくても大容量、２つのＵＳＢポートで２つを同時充電することが出来ます。　振ると残量が表示される方法もなぜかとても気に入っています(笑)　見た目
も材質が良いのでキレイで持っているとうれしくなるタイプのアイテムですね☆日本語説明書にＰＳＥ認証などといったところもしっかりとしていて購入時も安心できました。
    小さくはないよでも、2つ同時に充電出来るから良し！
    値段相応。こんなもんです。ＱＯＯ　１０から２台買ったけど、ぼろくてすてました。アマゾンから２台買いましたが、満足。ただし、ケーブルがボロイ。すぐに断線し
ました。やはり、中国製。
    現物を見て私は大きく感じました。その分、逞しさもあるのでしょうが、持ち歩くには存在感があります。
    中古品？画面フィルム剥がしたら、傷が何ヵ所もあって大きいカギキズもあって、はぁ？って感じ返品するにも💢めんどくさい。箱も破ってしまったし、最悪でした。側
面にもキズがあって本当に最悪です。使い古しですかと言わんばかりでした。不満だらけです。
    思ったよりも使いやすく、容量十分あります。
    充電してから約2週間たってから使用しましたがまだ100パーセントのままでした小さく持ち運びにも邪魔になりません良い商品だと思います
    小さくコンパクトな充電器を買い替えで選びました。思ったより重さと厚みかあり更に薄型化した方が需要があると思います。
    ライトがあったので、いざという時便利だと思い購入しましたが、届いた商品はライトが点灯しません。交換希望します。大きさですが、手に持っている写真は参考にし
ない方がよいです。思っていた以上に厚みがあり大きいです。加工した写真を使用してると思われます。
    Amazing powerbank gives percentage of charge left via a cute paw printCan
charge two devices at once  and charge it in 2 ways  and has a torch to  also
comes with plug in USB light completely free1 charge I used it to charge my
Samsung galaxy s9 from 47 % to 100 % 1% to 100% 23% to 100% and 37% to 100% and
still had between 40  and 60% charge left  on fresh charge just charged my phone
again from 10% to 100% and still showing it has between 80% and 100% charge  I'd
highly recommend it  also comes with bag to protect it
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      The unboxing experience was
very pleasant. The branding is very good, everything is wrapped individually. In
the box is the power bank, a mesh bag, a micro USB cable, the instruction
booklet and a nice surprise; a small bendy USB reading lamp. As you can see from
the pictures, the INIU branding is quite strong and everything comes across as
good quality.The power bank itself is quite weighty (it has a lot of battery in
it!) and feels very solid, and has a smooth, matt soft-touch exterior. It feels
wonderful, the build quality is very good.The paw print feature is very cute but
also functional. When charging a device, it shows the current state of charge of
the power bank by flashing the appropriate “toe”. When the power bank itself is
being charged, you get a cute animation as it charges (see video). Very useful,
and also cute.The small LED torch on the end is activated by double-clicking the
small power button on the side. It’s bright enough to, for example, see where
you’re going in the dark, but not to read with. The separate plug-in reading
lamp is much brighter and will come in handy when camping.The power bank charges
with either a micro USB or USB-C cable, so for Android users, there is no need
to use a different cable to the one you already use to charge your phone.
Charging speed when charging a device seems very good. It charges my iPhone 8
Plus and iPad as quickly (if not quicker) than my Apple mains charger does. It
basically works exactly as it should, no fuss.In summary then, this is a well-
made, good value, premium-feel power bank that works exactly as it should, and
with a bit of flair. I really like it. An excellent product, very nice.
    I was in need of a power bank that could handle a couple of days of use
without needing to be recharged that would keep me topped up as I travelled.The
INIU seemed a good choice, similar pricing that of Anker I've used before. The
unit itself arrived in a small box, designed for the item, with a USB charger
cable and a free USB plug in reading light which was a nice touch.At 20,000 mah,
this should charge a 3000mah typical smartphone battery 6 times before it needs
to be recharged itself.The unit comes with a small built in white flash light as
well which can be useful on occasions. The blue light on the front represents
how much charge it has. Its shaped like a paw which could be nice specifically
for pet owners. To me it was a nice touch but not essential. This is more down
to personal preference.The material case with drawstring is handy to keep it
protected from accidental damage. I also like the inclusion of USB-C charging.
This is something I've found more and more common, in cars, phones and finally
battery packs. If you already have a USB C or Micro USB, you can charge this
with your choice of connection.Overall the battery pack has performed well and
feels solidly built. I would be happy to recommend this model to friends.
    Very good quality product, the light isn't the absolute best but I guess
it's more of a backup thing than a main thing to use. The foot print makes this
look amazing as it lights up in blue. The casing is like a dry matt finish which
feels grippy which is good. The powerbank holds a lot of Power and charges well.
It came with a nice carry case which is nice to have and stops it getting
scratched on travels not that this would affect use in any way at all
    Now this company that makes these batterries take service to a new limit Wow
the first one arrived faulty and not working and on contacting them they did not
argue or give me a hard time at all. The new one arrived in the post and to boot
I was given it for free for the inconvenience created. Need I say more.The
product arrived well boxed and wrapped in its own sealed bag. The accessories
supplied with the lamp and bag for free, nice touch. Have tested extensively
over the last week to see how this little beast performs and oh it does. The paw
print showing discharge rate and charge rate is brilliant and a nice touch. The
grip of the unit is great, not to big and the vulcanising on the outer shell is
great for non slip grip and looks elegant. Guys this company went  up and beyond
to sort my query out, best service I have had in many years. Hats off and well
done INUI.
    This is a decent power bank! It's really small and lightweight, just about
perfect size to carry in a pocket. Probably my favorite feature is you have two
ports for charging the power bank itself, one micro-USB port, and one USB-C (the
newer flat one), which is brilliant because the one cable you have with you is
usually the wrong one. The bank feels really high quality with a smooth texture
finish which makes it really easy to hold without dropping, and it feels nice! I
love the pawprint in the corner which lights up to show how much power you have
left, it's cute and has more personality than blinking lights!It has a built in
flashlight which is useful (although it doesn't look waterproof so be careful if
you're taking it camping), and comes with a free plug-in USB desk/reading light,
which is a nice touch :)My only issue so far is I'm not sure about the capacity,
it seems to run down quicker than I'd expect from a 20000mAh power pack, I've
had similar ones that have lasted what feels like twice as long from a full
charge.Overall not a bad product, I like the look and feel especially, but I'm
not sure about the 20000mAh rating, feels more like 10000mAh :/
    UPDATE.Further to my earlier review where I gave this powerbank 2 stars due
it it only having 13600mah output despite being a 20000mah unit, I was contacted
by iniu and given an explanation as to why this is so.  It seems that no matter
what brand  powerbank you buy, its output will only be approx 70% of its
capacity which I was unaware of.To make amends for this, I felt it only fair to
regrade this product to 4 stars.
    It came in one day thanks to prime so iv already put this in to  use over
the holiday period .First off the bat u notice the quality in this product . I
take a lot of camping trips and road trips so have been looking for a study
battery pack that will see me though the times that I am not connected to the
mains .  The packaging was really lovely  and it had a nice touch of a free soft
cloth bag and free usb light!!! Which will  do WONDERS for my camping adventures
I’m rlly chuffed . The paw print design is really cute  also . Powerbank arrived
with 100% charge and ready to go. It is a a lil heavy but that I will take the
added weight for the fact it charges rlly fast and stores a lot of battery .
    Its a very good charger. Feels top quality. It is Not a fast charger but
still charges in reasonable time. I'm using a S10plus and used the charger 3
times.First charge 42% second charge 56% third charge 52%.The powerbank started
at 100% and was still flashing on the 80-100% Mark and im continuing to charge
my phone untill the bank is dead. This should give me an idea of how long i can
go away from the grid. The charger doesn't turn off when the phone is fully
charged.Its says you can use 2 charging cables to charge it but the cables I
have are too thick to do this.The bank came with 80% charge so not too bad.This
is my first power bank i have had so got no reference to compare it. Normaly use
a battery case when I go away for weekends.I would recommend this product with
the little time I have had with it for the value as its cheap. Also comes with a
USB light.
    Been on the lookout for a reasonably priced good power bank for a while.
When I saw this one I decided to take the plunge and I am not disappointed. I
use an iPhone XR and have charged this from less than 10% to fully charged 4
times, I think I may have gotten another full charge out of this power bank but
I decided to recharge it without going for charge No 5. The casing on the power
bank feels really nice to touch. Soft but with enough grip so it won’t slip out
of your fingers. Handy little drawstring pouch is included in the box too, the
leads also come complete with handy little dust covers for the usb/type c
connectors.What I really like is both dual input and output, good idea but the
piece de resistance for me is the brilliant bendy superbright LED usb light
included in the box, it’s superb, much brighter than a torch on your phone. If
like me you’re a fisherman who always likes to get that last cast in before it
goes dark and inevitably finish up your tackling down in the dark, this usb
light is a godsend.
    I bought this to keep my samsung s9 charged up whilst fishing weekends. I
have used it a couple of times and i am impressed with the speed it charges and
also how much charge it holds.I tested this with 50% battery remaining - wall
socket (samsung charger) was 49 minutes - the power pack 51 minutes. It charges
my phone from dead in 2 hours. This is about 1:50 on my wall charger. So, not
really much in it in terms of speed which is good news.It charged my phone 4
times with a bit left over. So perfect for a weekend. Comes with a sperate light
that you can plug into a usb socket....and also has a light on the unit itself
which again is handy when travelling.
    If you're travelling or have a battery-hungry phone, this is the power bank
for you.The power bank is quite large, however that is to be expected with such
a powerful device. The manufacturer has clearly attempted to keep it as compact
as possible.As far as power banks go, if you're after a 20,000 mAh one, this is
the choice for you.
    Pros- Easy to use, battery life is good, have used it 3 times and still has
some charge left.Has a little light on it so can be used as a handy torch.Can be
charged with micro USB or USB C so only need one cable (unless you have an
iphone).Comes with a little reading light that plugs in to the USB out.2 USB
outs so can charge 2 things at a time.Really good price compared to some other
brands.Feels good quality.Con- a bit weighty but probably this due to it being
20000mAh.Overall very satisfied.
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      This product in particular
i’d rate one of the best power banks that i’ve ever had (20,000 mAh) for the
following reasons :Firstly the battery percentage indicator is very
aesthetically pleasing due to the flashing (video attached) from the paw which i
find very sweet.Secondly the size of this power bank was smaller than my Iphone
XR.Lastly the attention to detail and quality they have invested into this
product impresses me immensely, from the smooth feeling of the power bank to the
pouch that they give you, the usb light, the USB-C and mini usb ports, the paw
and the blue lighting all really impressed me.
    initially it was purchased for my work colleague who doesn’t have prime, i
debates keeping it! in the end, i just kept the light as i’ll find that fairly
useful when working  on my car!the powerbank is really sleek and attractive. the
glowing paw print is very unique and piqued everyone’s interest within our
officethe power bank has charged her s9 4.5 times before needing another charge.
it fits in her handbag nicely and she reports it’s not a nuisance to carry :)all
in all very happy, and believe me the light is very bright!
    This is a great little charger. I bought 2 for me and my kid to use during a
Pokemon Go Fest day. They kept the phones easily fully charged all day without
any problems and at the end of the day still had about half the battery left.
There is a little paw shaped battery indicator consising of 5 lights that are
ully lit when full and go off 1 by one when the battery is draining. Have bought
similar priced ones but not as good as these. Great for camping or being
anywhere without power.
    I purchased this for when i went camping in wales. It was really handy.
Comes with a light on the unit amd a spare bendy light you can plug in via the
usb port. The paw print is a nice touch, as the toes show how much charge is
left. It is quite heavy but i dont have any others so i cant say if thats normal
or not. It also comes with a little bag to store it in. Over all i am very haply
with it
    Great back up for peace of mind.  We get power cuts fairly often, as I live
in a rural area with overhead cables.  Also handy in hospital if I find myself
taken in unexpectedly, without my charger.  Very heavy compared to the 10000mAh
one I got for a friend.  If you don't want to add a lot of weight to your
handbag, maybe get the lighter one to take out & about (which is what I plan to
do).
    I needed power bank because I have many devices to charge, e.g bluetooth
earphones, bluetooth speaker, e cigarette, two phones.. sometimes it's hard to
find that many plugs to charge everything at once. So I chose this power bank
due to very positive feedback's and I wasn't disappointed at all. It came neatly
packed, with all needed bits. The power bank is heavy itself which is showing a
perfect quality of it. It has a funny pawn which indicates how much battery is
left, also it has a flashlight. In the package there was also included a gift
which was a reading light, very bright by the way, and very good for me as I
like reading books. Also there was a very lovely and soft case for your power
bank, very comfy and good quality as well. The charger is included of course.
There is also an instruction sheet, but not very necessary as this device is too
easy to use, you don't even need to turn it on, you just plug something you need
to charge and it's on automatically! How cool is that? So I highly recommend
this product for those who needs some extra energy!
    I received this product just as I was about to go away for the weekend.
Therefore I was not able to charge to full capacity before I left.However on
opening the package, I found the Unit itself, a pouch to keep it in, a micro USB
and a USB C charging cable. As an unexpected surprise there is also a USB lamp
included in the package, wow I wasn't expecting that.The unit itself appears t
be very well made and did not suffer after I dropped it whilst in the pouch.The
good point is that whilst I was away from the single charge (which had not been
topped up) I was able to charge the following devices completely.Iphone 8+
(4000mah)Huawei Mate 20 x (5000mah)Smok Vape (3000mah)Smok Predator VAPE
(3500mah)I also had the opportunity to use the Free Torch, which is super-bright
and very useful.The ability to charge 2 devices at once is a bonus.On my return
home the unit still had 1 section left on the charge.Bad points - really
None.Would I recommend to other people, at the price and the capacity, I would
heartily recommend to everyone.
    A new brand on the scene just started using their power bank because it was
reasonably priced. So far I've used this to charge my Huawei and iPhone, it
seems to charge both without an issue. The power bank has a rubber coating feel
to it and doesn't slip out of the hands as easy. I've previously had Anker ones
which were shiny but slips easily when carrying around.The light that it comes
with, is more useful when trying to read in a low lit area.
    I absolutely love this! It can charge my phone about four times plus.It does
take a long time to charge once it’s down and I do try to de charge it so it can
have a good charge .  If I’m honest I was looking for another power bank and
then I saw this. And because of the paw print it swung it for me but I’m not
disappointed. It’s amazing.
    Decided to go for this powerbank due to its price, capacity and extra
features. It looks great and is quite compact for a 20,000 mAh portable charger.
I think it is smaller than average as my brother has one with the same output
but it is a bit longer that this one. The light up paws is great to track what
percentage the bank is on, which is a feature a lot of power banks do not have.
Charging is great and charges just as fast as from a plug socket. The added usb
light was a reason why I bought this product, it is a great little addition. I
have used it for reading at night in a pitch black room and it does the job
perfectly.
    Battery pack is great value...lasts for hours. Good design with paw print
monitor....each paw pad disappears when battery is being used. Doesn't take long
to charge.Even get a small light which connects to battery pack Great! Got
protective pouch with it too. Perfect for any holiday or days out. Love it!Only
vice is it does feel bit heavy but not a problem. Happy customer. Thanks
    Exactly what I was looking for in a portable charger , much lighter in
weight than my previous charger of the same power level - ideal for me being a
regular flyer it’s perfect to take on the plane with me and keep my phone and
iPad charged in time for landing. The carry case for it is handy too to keep the
charger pack and wires all neat and together. A very happy buyer
    Great value for money!Appears to be solidly built and comes with useful
little extras (carry pouch, USB light & micro-USB charger cable.)Paw design LED
power indicator is a nice, intuitive and novel way to monitor remaining
charge.Heavier than I expected but not inconvenient.
    Received this product absolutely loving it, arrived 2 days before delivery
and in nice and good packaging see the picture that will tell you everything.
There is one extra lead which you can insert in output 2 that will charge the
power bank that is amazing never had thing like this before.. fantastic and very
handy can take anywhere best for travelling. Type c is also option available to
charge direct your phone..Excellent product with good lights...
    Excellent quality, pleasant to the touch and comes with everything you could
want. The light is a wonderful extra and useful for seeing things at night! The
carry case is also very nice and protective. Charges my Galaxy S9 a few times
and is perfect to keep the battery up whilst out and about! Very happy :)
    Great smooth finished power bank. Made well. Slightly chunky and on the
heavy side compared to what I assumed!However this item is very good and has
nice small features. Ideal for travelling and to put in your backpack for
discreet charging.Recommended to others for 20000ma
    Great power bank with decent capacity. Compatible with all mobile phones and
other electronic devices as it has 2 USB ports. It has an indicator that allows
you to check the remaining battery. In my case it allowed me to charge my phone
(One Plus 6T) completely twice without any issue.The product comes also with a
cable wire to charge the power bank, a bag to protect it when travelling and a
handy USB light.It seems to be build with resistant material that should protect
it if dropped a few times.I have been given this product in exchange for a fair
and unbiased review.
    Good design, well put together, easy and quick to recharge for the packs
size bought this one for my wife she loves it, especially the paw design battery
indicator, I have a simular battery pack in size 20,000ma which takes over six
hours to charge compared to this one at four hrs.
    Item arrived packaged well, design is nice and the unit charges my phone
quickly, on my note9 I get around 5 full charges, each charge takes 2 hours.
    The initial unit was heavy, however the battery life is unrivalled. They
sent me an additional lighter unit and this is brilliant too.Lesson learned...
This company's products are great, but choose the one that is right for you and
note, some of the chargers have a different connector, so don't lose it!
    Use this for phone, smart watch or bike sat nav charging if out for long
walks or rides. Bought because I had run out of charge on watch and bike sat nav
recently. More of an emergency back up than something for everyday use.It is not
lightweight but when carried on bike or in rucksack I'm not sure I'd notice that
much difference.looks good with the paw print charge indicator and comes with
nice carry bag.
    Nice battery bank with few extras.. Impressed with the bag and Separate LED
light provided along with it. Got it as a gift to my nephew and checking to
ensure the product is of good quality. Used the bank to power my iphone and an
ipad.. a lot of power is still left!!
    I absolutely power bank.  Beautiful design and too big either.  For my
travels and around the house.  Excellent product.  The charge on the power bank
is so quick on the charge especially when connected to my Note 20 Ultra for
charging.  Thank you guys for an excellent product.  I would definitely
recommend to anyone.
    Used this on a trip to Austria in February and it kept my phone charged for
the entire 7 days, despite watching several hours of videos.Highly recommended.
    Fab little power bank, ideal for carrying in my handbag.It arrived with a
couple of small scuff marks, so I contacted the seller to make them aware of
this.They offered me another power bank and wasn’t to send this one back or a£5
gift card by way of compensation.I took the gift card, no way was I going to
leave the seller any more out of pocket as they were extremely polite and easy
to deal with.
    Brilliant powerbank. Looks lovely and holds charge for ages. Used it
travelling by train and it more than did the job with lots of charge left! Love
the pouch it came in protects between usages! So glad I got this model
recommended 5 Stars all the way*****
    I am yet to test it out but will be soon. So far so good. Nice power bank,
slightly heavy. Come with a usb bendy light which i really like and a pounch to
store it all in. Happy at present being day one of recieveing it. Will update
when i know more.
    This can charge my iPhone and iPad several times over, and doesn’t notice
charging my sports watch. It’s heavy to carry around but worth the effort. I use
it to keep stuff charged whilst working on my allotment, where there is no
electricity.
    Great charger for phones and tablets etc. The paw lights up to tell you how
may he charge is left in it. But the best bit is two usb outputs so two gadgets
can be charged at the same time ( great when you got kids!)Only minor criticism
is that It’s a little bit  heavy - but still lighter than carrying two - so
still a winner for me.Comes well packaged with a usb charging cable, a little
bag and a usb light - nice touch.
    Excellent product, does exactly what it says on the tin. I can use my phone
on hot spot and take loads of photos and I can reply of not running out of
battery because of this. Perfect on a long weekend camping trip as it comes with
a small LED light which can be used as a torch but also a USB reading light
which is actually really bright.
    Quite impressed with this, it feels good in your hand and us obviously we'll
put together.Comes with a cool little usb led light that is nice and brightYou
can charge it with a new USB C or the older micro USB. I ditched my old
powerbank as  I could only charge it with the older micro usb.All in all would
recommend
    I bought for a weekend away where I had no access to an electrical outlet.
This charger was perfect for the job and kept one phone and two iPads charged. I
love the paw print indicator showing how much charge remains.
    Had a replacement power bank due to the first one didn’t charge correctly.
Contacted the seller and had great customer service as I had another one in the
post in days. Working great how. Great power bank as I use lodes of it up my
garden charging phone, iPad and kindle.
    Fantastic item and great value for money .the device comes with a protective
pouch,usb cable,usb torch which is really bright .would definitely recommend
this product to everyone
    What a fantastic powerbank this is - it’s a nice weight for a 20,000 love
the paw print to tell you how much battery is available- they even included a
free usb torch - and carry case - couldn’t recommend this highly enough.
    This is unbelievably powerful, I use it primarily for my portable reloop
spin turntable, used on a daily basis it powers it for easily uptown a month
without recharging, sometimes if a wall charger is not to hand I'll charge my
phone and tablet at the same time, which this power bank manages with ease.I
highly recommend this as it's cheaper and a lot more powerful than a lot of
power banks currently on the market and is ideal for travelling due to it's
pretty slim size.
    I have so many battery packs it's mad. I use them for so many things! What
was really nice though was this came with a USB book light thing, which was
really bright, no idea what I'll do with it but was a nice extra
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      Nice power bank. On the
heavy side so  so good for a bag rather than in pocket. Will charge 2 devices at
once. This will be great once festival season starts in the summer.I also like
the paw that lights up when fully charged and decreased lights when power starts
to drop.
    This is a chunky power pack that now lives in my sons school bag so that he
(and all his friends) can charge their phones on the bus.Really good price and
great itemwould buy again
    Product housing is very sturdy and has a great rubber finish. It is a bit
heavy but this you would expect from a 20amp battery. And it comes with a free
usb torch light. Great value for the money spent. 5 stars.
    Good product, handy light attachment included . Clear light meter telling
you how much power is left in the battery. Charges quickly and feels like a
quality product, even comes with a carrying pouch . Would buy another!
    Ive been traveling a lot these last few weeks and needed a decent sized
powerbank. I love the fact this one comes with a carry case, a built in torch
and a reading light. Its a drcrbt size in charge and charged my phone pretty
nice and fast!
    Heavy duty, charged two phones from virtually empty to full and we lost one
bit of the paw print. Takes some time to charge back up but I feel confident we
will get several phones charges from this.
    Bought this to keep in my handbag, it fully charges my phone about 2+half
times, it's quite heavy though and a little flash light comes with it which I
haven't had the use of yet.It's great to keep for back-up for your phone.
    Excellent mobile power supply for my raspberry pi computer . Not the
lightest so possibly not ideal for phone top up  but that's a reasonable
sacrifice for the increased capacity.
    I am pleased with this purchase as it has held charge well, recharges fast
enough and recharges my phone well.  Light has been used, and works well but
certainly not primary use
    I bough this product recently and is amazing it last a lot longer then I
expected which could change in future but as of know it last 2-3 day depending
or how much I use it . It also come with a light which you can plug in the
charger which Kind of work like a lamp light if you don't wat it disturb any one
at nigh and want a little bit of light in the room or anywhere else.
    Got for Christmas & Husband loved it !Charges really fast and does exactly
what it says.Paw print light is a plus as he works with dogsWould definitely buy
another
    Love these gadgets and this one is just ideal for when I'm out and about.
Love that it has type C charge too so I can recharge it fast. Bit on the heavy
side but it has the power so it's expected.
    had about three full charges off this bad boy and still has more to
give.rapid charge as well.faster than plugging it in.prefect for a weekend
camping.I just have it in the car and use it most days as a back up.
    most chargers i buy, last over a day, would charge on the evening of the
second day. this charger does not even last one full day. therefore, is awful
for travelling or anything as would probably run out within half a day if using
it frequently, or having more than one device charging at a time.
    It was ok for a week then stopped charging , left it in charge for 20 hours
and still not fully charged. Have sent back but had my pay for postage , which
eventually got refund for . Wouldn’t recommend.
    Looks lovely, feels solid (not over heavy but you will know you have it in
your bag). Bought for a 26mile charity walk so was even more pleased with the
extra torch
    Really good quality build power bank!!! Charges an iPhone X to full charge
and the power bank still has like 4 bars left of charge. Great power bank for
its price!!! Highly recommended!!!
    Just arrived today. Seems like a well made bit of kit. It's heavy but has a
protective pouch with string. Like the fact you can charge it with both micro
usb and usb type c. Going on holiday in a few weeks will update then.
    I brought 2 of these for my children and they say they are great. I've not
heard them scream "I NEED A CHARGER, QUICKLY" SINCE I BROUGHT IT.
    This was a present for my mum she loves it especially the cute paw print
design! It’s not very very light but that isn’t a problem - I wouldn’t say it’s
heavy but heavier than a phone.  It works well and can charge 2 things at once.
It doesn’t charge iPads as quick as the chargers that come with them but that is
to be expected. Really great value and great quality product would really
recommend! And it comes with a free light which is really bright!
    For the fair price you receive a great product with a great design and an
impressive mAh capacity! I recommend this to anyone looking for a great
powerbank which can full charge your phone from 0% to 100% atleast 5 times!
    I love this gadget, so much that I bought another.I love the paw print,
which tells you if an item is charging.I use it all the time.
    Choice of Micro USB or USB C fir charging. Slightly heavier than anticipated
but comes with case and USB lamp as a bonus. Once fully charged I can charge my
Samsung several times.
    Great customer service there was an issue with the original product and a
replacement was sent out really quickly! Really impressed and the replacement
works great really rapid charge.
    Excellent battery pack for the money. Holds its charge extremely well and
light can come in handy when required. It is reasonably bulky (you wouldn't want
to carry it around in your pocket) but providing you're okay with shoving it in
a rucksack or car compartment you won't be dissapointed. Top marks!
    Lovely design. Feels great in the hand. Hefty pack with plenty of power and
neat paw print charge remaining indicator.
    Great product bought as Xmas present, very well liked by recipient.Very
handy for charging phone on the go.
    Fantastic product. I love the paw print showing the battery level and it
charges my phone at least 4 times.  Customer service is amazing and they give a
3 year guarantee.  Highly recommended
     Your browser does not support HTML5 video.      The charger is portable,
sleek and performs excellent. Value for money!Very convenient charging ports
with micro usb and usb type c to charge the power bank and two output ports as
well.The little pouch you get with it is great for keeping power bank
secure.Definitely will buy again!!
    Excellent wee charger. Half the price and quadruple the amount of power as
the branded item I first looked at , but after reading the reviews on this one I
thought I'd give it a go. Glad I did. Would reccomend 1000% comes with handy
pouch to protect it
    Great powerbank, built in torch (bonus) and you can chare it with android or
ios cable so no need to carry two cables like other power banks.
    Nice product and seems to work well - we’ve used it little but great for our
last camping trip! Recommend
    When this arrived the packaging was very good and also it was already
charged to full so used this straight away the item is quite heavy yet does the
job, if you have a Samsung s9 you would have to get your own cable , the cable
supplied will not fit a Samsung s9 or huwaei p30 Pro. Excellent for traveling
    This is a great external battery and goes with me on just about every trip.
It is very durable and fulfils my requirements
    This power bank really holds its charge well, once charged up. I'm not
certain exactly how long my INIU power bank has run for, but it has proven to be
a really useful, swift-charging, long-running, mighty charger. At approx 350g,
its weighty for the handbag/purse but not an issue for a shoulder bag/ backpack.
    looks great and packaged well. fingers crossed it works well. Will find out
at Christmas
    Great customer service.Contacted me within days and new replacement was
received in two days. Also Notice the cable not working, also received earlier
than expected.Power bank work very well.
    Excellent device but disappointed I had to buy another connector for my
phone.  For the price a multi connector would have been useful.
    Very good portable power bank. Always use this great device while being in
the out transport, travelling by bus or being at work without the connection to
power outlets. Also comes with built in flash light which tends to be really
useful and handy at times. Recommend it strongly!
    Its nice but too heavy but the company responded me after a few weeks and
thry send me the lighter one and uts completely good they give u response
professionally and really happy with its i definitely says u can buy items from
them
    It’s a good power bank, we use it for a number of things, can’t believe how
long the charge  lasts
    Great power bank I can get about five charges for my iPhone 11 out of it
perfect
    Pretty much does what it says on the tin and came with a free LED plug in
light, not massively useful but a nice freebie that I was not aware of
    A brilliant little power bank that can be used for charging mobile phones ,
ear phones , kindle etc etc it charges quickly and holds plenty charge itself ,
comes in a handy carrying bag and feels really well made
    I recently received this power bank and it does what it says. I can easily
charge my phone on the go (for now while I am at work, waiting for better times
to use it while traveling)
    Very good charger.  Has a bit of weight but you don't notice it soon after.
Perfect for road trips or in case of blackout.  Handy to have.
    Very useful but if kit, well made and can power/recharge many different
types of power hungry devices. Worth the money.
    After buying this item in July i expected it to last at least 12 months
However 5 months later i have a useless power bank that won't even charge up
never mind be able to charge other whilst away from charging points
    Delivery was very quickly, product works well and the paw battery indicator
is a lovely little feature add that free gift worth the money...
    I use my INIU power bank to heat my thermal vest whilst riding my motorbike
in winter. It’s great for this purpose. Powerful, long-lasting, light and easy
to use.
    Great  , smart battery pack and efficient . Cool Light attachment.
    Worked alot better than I thought. Cant really give a battery life review as
it hasn't died yet. Charged up a mobile twice and a tablet
    An excellent bit of kit, great for when out and about.
    Bought this for travelling  my husband really liked it
    Quite heavy, good capacity but no fast charge. There's two lights btw, quite
generous!
    Comes with an additional night light that works really well overall a
brilliant product
    so far so good only extension could be a bit longer .
    Great battery power are use it for a dash cam which records 24 hours and
this last for five days love it
    Simple to use, very happy with product!
    I like this product because it is a useful item to have when out & about.
    Gave as a gift waiting for feedback
    Wow, what an amazing power bank! It charges my IPhone XS up to 4 times and a
bit more and it’s super light weight!
    The best one that I’ve ever got
    Great product for using when travelling. Easy to use and looks stylish too.
Comes with carrying pouch and a handy light attachment. The battery charge
indicator is a paw print which is an attractive feature.
    Excellent what more can I say?
    Arrived on time. It kept my Kindle and Samsung smartphone on for more than
six hours of live video streaming. Extremely good. I also liked the extra
gift.Will do a video review of this product soon.
    Wow it was good for two weeks now won’t charge and making sounds !
    It's a very heavy device compared to previous ones I had. It's charges
faster than any of the ones I've tried before and it's the most stylish one I
have had or seen. Delivery was on time and no damage what so ever. I'm very
happy with this charger!!!
    Big but great and powerful.
    Amazing value for money.
    This has to be one of the best powerbank charges available especially at
this price. Only thing annoying is that there is no percentage number of charge
left. But the carry case is great to avoid scratches and it charges up quick.
    Very good would recommend
    Fantastic battery life, charges over and over for Samsung Galaxy S9 plus.
Could last for days, which makes it ideal for travel
    Loads of power. Heavy and solid.
    Great item. Daughter uses it all the time. Paw print is good indicator and
handle usb torch as well
    Fabulous
    what I needed I recommend
    Love the item... Quality build and performance.
    Very good.
    Even though  I had problems with my first battery charger it was replaced
with no problem whatsoever excellent service. A1
    Used this to power my portable air conditioner and still had power after 10
hours brilliant.
    👍🏾
    Like the paw print and battery life
    Really please with this, well packaged and almost fully charged.Plugged in
and working well, no overheating or noise from the pack
    I bought 2 of these for camping so the kids can charge their phones. We've
used them on 2 trips now and they were great. Just as good as a more expensive
Ankar I bought a couple of years ago
    daughters use out all day till9 30 pm seems a good product lasts well she
seems well pleased
    Best power banks we've had. Battery-life is brilliant. Well worth it.
    Good power pack, well packaged with flashlight feature and two USB outputs.
    very lightexcelent tourch and awesome light for reading while camping etc...
    Turned out perfect, exactly what I was looking for. I love the extra
features of the lights and the feature showing how much charge is remaining.
    I use the powerbank regularly and it better than I hoped.It doesn't take
long to charge my e reader ,tablet etc.very good value
    Does what it is supposed to with ease. Quick to charge up and lasts.....
Slightly heavier than expected but so far so good.
    Incredible Charger. By far the best I’ve ever had. I’ve tried far more
expensive ones, buy this one beats them all. This is priced very reasonably and
worth every penny.
    With such high capacity naturally it's bulkier than the 10000mah one which
we also bought.Comes nicely packed and the light is a nice touch.Awesomeness
seller too.
    Very happy with it actually I order another one. Slim very nice with the
blue pow witch shows the remaining battery life
    Excellent product. Good size although quite heavy. Charges phone 5 times +.
    Is used to power a heated belt for back pain. Great to be able to use while
on the move. Many Thanks.
    Very good
    So far so good powerful battery bank  good solid weight wouldn’t want to
carry it around in my pocket all the time but handy to keep your phone and
gadgets charged up
    Very good quality, very happy with purchase
    Good product. Fast delivery.
    Works well, can recharge an iphone at least three times but as a result it
is bigger and heavier than the iphone itself so you will need another spare
pocket for it
    Just what's needed when you cant get to the mains. Paw looks good to.
    I never travel without it. And far more power than to my previous little
pack.
    Great product obviously on the larger side however fits in bags great and
has a great battery life! The paw was a nice edition! 🐾
    Sufficient capacity for a couple of charges.  A little bit bulky though.
    Great item.  Is a little heavy but expected that.  I love my little item.
    This is the best power bank I have ever purchased! The battery life is
amazing.
    Great power pack! Around 3 full charges for my S10 phone from being fully
charged.
    Good kit
    Relatively small with fast charging! Great product and am looking forward to
travelling with it.
    Theoretically 20000mah. Practically 13500mah.
    I have bought 4 of these they are fantastic. Great for using when you’re sat
on the sofa or taking out and about. Will probably end up buying a couple more.
    Added USB light handy , this is my second one as so good I got a spare .
    Lite weight and compact , it’s 20000 mAhCharging with Type C, and MicroWith
a in put of 3A
    Great product. A bit heavy but comes with a nice poch to store it and also
has an led usn connected lamp with it which ia really handy.Would recomend.
    Does what it says on the tin! Lasted easily for a long weekend for charging
up phone, still had 40% left.
    bought this as a gift and it was rated highly.
    None
    Works perfectly and can hold battery charge for very long.
    Loved the paw detail 🐾 showing how much battery power remains. Long lasting
portable powerbank. Recommend it.
    Great charger charged I phone 3 times from nearly flat and still had power
    Excellent quality for the price!
    Good product
    Fancy designQuite long battery lifeEasy to usebut little bit heavyOverall,
it will be a good choice if you are looking for a batterybank
    Great product very handy
    Doesn’t work, the actual product doesn’t charge, and therefore inusable,
I’ve had it less than a week!
    Works great with quick delivery
    Very good bit of kit
    Amazing. Lasts ages! Slightly heavy but worth it!
    Great bit of kit
    Super
    Great
    Good battery! Very happy with it!
    Nothing at all. I love it. Thank you for the light. I think the paw print is
very clever. Kind regards. Cameron
    Liked getting the little led light that comes with it and the case.  Like
the light up paw on it.
    As you can see you’ve refunded me for smart watch also in parcel was power
pack that I’ve not been refunded for
    Does a great job love the paw print display great touch
    Amazing product , have no worries when I have this great piece of technology
with me.
    Just what I needed for when we go camping
    Amazing little battery kept mr charged in bag while out all day in london
    Great value
    Good quality, does the job perfectly. Well made and looks.
    Love it
    It has a magnificent battery life although heavy to carry around
    I bought this product a week ago, and the product came damaged.
    Amazing product
    Just what I needed while on the go.
    Perfect for traveling , good battery life, fast charge!!
    Love this, very useful. Would recommend it.
    Really good
    Good product, bought 2 and well impressed,
    Very good powerbank. Haven't  problem with anything
    Its a little bit big
    Very good, fast charging
    Buena calidad.
    Brilliant
    2 usbs
    Very good quality!
    Powerbank da 20.000 mA, ne ho acquistate due perché mi piaccciono: il
materiale al tatto, le dimensioni e tra le funzionalità, la luce inserita nella
batteria portatile. La powerbank arriva completamente carica, quindi sì può
utilizzare subito e all'interno della scatola vengono forniti un cavetto USBC,
una luce flessibile collegabile con USB, una tasca in rete di protezione. Sono
molto soddisfatta dell'acquisto.
    Surprenant , un produit de belle facture fabriqué avec soin , des petits
détails très sympa comme la protection des embouts de connexions, un petit sac
de transport anti choc constitué de mailles façon filet qui lui donne un joli
look.Une coque plastique de belle finition noir mat très agréable au touché qui
ne laisse pas de marque de doigts quand on manipule l objet.La pâte de chat qui
indique le niveau de batterie,Un câble usb a effet hall fourniUn autre câble usb
et usb-c très utile,Deux sorties usb pour alimenter deux terminauxUne petite
lampe led qui peut bien dépanner.Je suis ravi de mon achat du coup j ai commandé
le modèle un peu moins puissant de 10000mAh
    Ho dato 4 stelle solo perché è un po’ troppo pesante e avrei preferito
qualcosa di più maneggevole o da tenere in borsa...ma è troppo grande
(praticamente come il cellulare) e pesante! Per il resto ottimo!
    Ich bin mit diesem Produkt sehr zufrieden
    È arrivato molto velocemente. Lo uso tutti i giorni per il cellulare e la
luce.
    Einfach super!
    Bin begeistert - nutze sie sehr oft
    Prodotto ottimo veramente potente
    Perfecta
    Super 👍
    Looks Great and comes with a handy light which I have used a lot. However,
it's a big and heavy bankand the thing that has really upset me is the lies
about it's capacity.  When you get the device it has two ratings onthe back.  It
says: Cell capacity 20,000 mAh. Underneath that it says: Output capacity 13,600
mAh.When I read this I was very suspect as I have other power banks and none
have dual ratings like this.So I did some testing and my fears were confirmed.
From completely flat, with a 1Ah charger, it took just under 14hours to charge.
If it was a 20,000 mAh bank it would take 20+hours. In addition, my 15,000mAh
Belkin charged my phone more times than the INIU.In summary, it's a nice looking
product and overall good value but expect to get 13,600mah.  Since writing this
review INIU have been very helpful and willing to refund or replace the item -
so excellent customer service.
    Love this.
